 Shipping was fast and free !!!! I was so amazed at how fast this got here ! I Recieved my shoes 3 days after shipping ... they are very comfortable and cute and go with anything ... DEFINATELY a great find ! = -RSB-
 I love my chuck Taylors . They go well with Jeans or almost anything that I want to wear . Looking to buy the Chocolate next .
 They were a last minute Christmas gift . They came so quickly , the size was normal , the color fun , he loved them .
 I ordered these for my granddaughter 's birthday . They were shippped promptly , and I was able to track them very efficiently . They were exactly what we wanted !!! They are very attractive and wear well .
 `` Chucks '' are the only shoes that have ever existed . Ever since 1923 , Chuck Taylor All-Stars have been `` just a piece of rubber and canvas '' - they have n't changed one bit from the sands of time . These shoes are devilishly simple , and customizable in every way . Everyone may be wearing Chucks these days , but you can still make them your own . There are so many ways - what color would you like ? One of the core colors - black and white ? Monochrome black ? White ? Red ? Green ? Blue ? Pink ? How about the latest pattern or print ? Every year Converse also pumps out new seasonal colors , and different styles such as double-tongued shoes , `` tear-aways '' , faded looking ones , everything . You can buy different color laces or you can go crazy with a Sharpie and draw up some art all over your shoes . And for something seemingly so flimsy , they 're pretty durable . My shoes have withstood countless running and hitting the asphalt , games of soccer , basketball , jumping from everywhere , the basic abuse a teen can dish out to his feet . Granted , they may not be too comfortable at first , but once your feet gets used to them , well , you do n't even notice you 're wearing them anymore . Nevertheless , it does have some setbacks , but if you look at modern shoes , you can see the differences in design . But for something from over 3/4 of a century ago , you 've got to admit they 're pretty darn impressive . The skinny : PROS-customizable in any way - laces can be easily replaced and be done up in any pattern you wish-look great with anything and everything ; the unisex casual sneaker that will even draw you the occasional compliment from coworkers or friends.-lightweight compared to most shoes of today-so many colors - from your basic core colors -LRB- black , red , green , blue , white , or pink -RRB- to different designs -LRB- 60s tie dye , camo , skulls , flames , etc. -RRB- - also different kinds of shoes - from the classics to the newer double uppers , tear-aways -LRB- shoes with two layers of canvas , and some parts are already torn away to show the brighter underlayer -RRB- , double-tongued , and also DIFFERENT MATERIALS like leather or suede.CONS-the color fades ; especially in the harsh sun . My navy blue Taylors have been bleached to the color of very faded blue denim.-the rubber parts of the shoe can get dirty rather quickly , but are easily cleanable.-overall the shoe is pretty comfortable , but not recommended for prolonged running or a whole day on the boardwalk . It depends a lot on the shape of your foot - if your feet are flat , you 'll find that these shoes are a match made in heaven . Otherwise you may have some issues , but not so bad they 're unwearable.-I do n't know what it is about it , but they make your feet look bigger than they really are.-NOT TO BE USED AS A SKATE SHOE . Converse shoes are made from canvas , which wo n't give you any mercy from runaway boards , and they do NOT have adequate cushioning on the top , bottom , or sides for such an activity.NOTE
 I got a pair of yellow low-tops for Christmas last year and I LOVE THEM !!! They 're about to get holes in them because I wear them so much , and I 'm trying to pick out what color I should get . There 's so much to love about these shoes . There 's like 25 colors to pick from , so there is the oppourtunity to have a piar for EVERY SINGLE OUTFIT . Or , you can wear just one pair , like I do , and mine go with everything . These shoes are breathable , unlike tennis shoes , so your feet do n't get all sweaty , which is nice too . These shoes are quite flat inside , but there 's nothing that an insert ca n't fix . THESE SHOES ARE THE BEST !!!
 I originally bought these to finish off my Tenth Doctor costume , but they 're actually really nice shoes . I wear them often and they are quite comfortable . The only complaint I have is that the colored band on the sole has started to come up on one of them ... It is n't glued to the shoe very well . But for what I paid for them , I 'm willing to let that slide .
 These shoes are fun cause you can wear them different ways . I like to fold them down and only lace them halfway . These shoes are great and they fit awesome , which I understand is a problem with some Converse shoes that are unisex . I am a size 9 in women 's and I got a size 7 in men 's and they fit great . Definitely want them in more colors , but the black is good with everything . Great casual shoe !
 hella cool chucks . . theyre not cheap , good quality . . i was satisfied and so would you be ... one minor problem is that purple passion -LRB- which is the one i ordered -RRB- wasnt the exact color as the one shown ... but its still cool !! i love them
 After searching the malls for authentic Chuck Taylor Kelly Green Hi-tops , with no luck , I wised up and went to the -LSB- ... -RSB- web site , where I not only found Kelly Green Hi-tops for my son , I also used their unique design your own shoes feature , to design a pair of custom high tops just for me . We are both thrilled with our finds . Chuck Taylor 's are the shoe of choice in our household , I even got my conservative , old school hubby into a pair of Chuck Taylor leather Hi-tops .
 Chuck Taylor Converse All-Star shoes are , by far , the best shoes you could ever have the pleasure of slipping your feet into each day ! I own three high rise -LRB- black , pink , orange -RRB- , and two low rise -LRB- green , red -RRB- , and if you are in indecision about getting a pair , GET THEM ! Whether you get the All-Stars or the skateboard style , you will NOT regret your decision ! You can see them all at www.conversegallery.com , so check it out ! These shoes are incredibly durable , and provide comfortable ankle support , making it easy to move aroung as fast as you want ; you have to keep up with the shoes , not vice versa ! These are basketball shoes , so they are great for running , basketball , soccer , and sport you could think of ! Or , they could be just casual shoes . Another wonderful feature is that they are uni-sex , so guys and girls can wear them ! Converse All-Stars RULE !
 My son wanted either red or green Chuck Taylors which are fairly difficult to find . The shoes I bought arrived quickly , were good quality , and were priced very reasonably .
 A shoe that barely qualifies as such , which is what I wanted by the way . This is one of the best shoes for drumming I 've ever worn . They 're light , comfortable , the soles are so thin you can really feel the pedals , yet they 're thick enough to give you protection . Anyone who 's ever drummed in bare feet will know what I 'm talking about . They almost feel like slippers and more importantly look cool especially if you 're wearing a black leather jacket , blue jeans , t-shirt and your name is `` something '' Ramone .
 I 'm so glad I brought these shoes for my father because he 's been wanting a pair for so long , so I got them and he loves them . They 're a great Shoe for a great price .
 My grandson is thrilled with his new shoes . A size 16 looks like a boat , but he says they are very comfortable . Good choice .
 Arrived in 2 days.Still the same wonderful shoes I remember from high school 25 years ago .
 I bought this converse for my younger sister that she badly wanted them . Transaction was very smooth , they got here on time , and she was really happy !
 this is the best shoe I have ever bought . I love them and will never go back to pumas or addiadas ever !
 The best shoes ever , but if you use coverse.com to buy your shoes prepair for the SLOWEST loading site you have ever experienced ! Many times I did n't buy shoes because of the speed of their site . I have really fast internet and their site is by far the slowest of any site I use . If you have the patients you ca n't beat the shoes -LRB- I always use the create your own -RRB- I have created some really unique shoes .
 I have always loved chucks , they are a classic . If you need more support in the arch , you can always add an arch support or insert . For me , they run true to size . A half size smaller is to narrow , since they run narrow in the toe anyway . I have wide feet , so if your feet are narrow , maybe this would not apply to you .
 I would wear Converse every day if I could - they are sooooo comfortable ! They run big , which is good because it helps offset the fact that they are also a bit on the narrow side . But my wide feet have no problem with them . They come in a great variety of colors and patterns , and I have quite a few of them , both hi-tops and low-tops . I love 'em all ... and would buy more if I had the money ! Speaking of which , that 's the one downside to Converse - the cost . You pay for the name . But you can always watch for a good sale ...
 The Converse All-Star is a great looking shoe . The only problem is that they run big in size . Ex . If you wear a men 's 10 1/2 you probably should order a 9 1/2 or 10 . Otherwise you might feel like you 're wearing clown shoes .
 I am in my upper 40 's and shoe comfort is a must . I paired my Chucks with a pair of Sof Sole insoles and they are soooo comfy . I have not tried to run in them or walk a marathon . Not sure I want to take that risk . I boughy my insoles from Sports Authority for $ 15 . They are the gel ones that are super thin .
 this item i had ordered was for my teenage son it was one of the few places i was able to find this on line he was happy i was happy the order was quickly filled 5 stars thank you amazonsincerly bethConverse Chuck Taylor All Star Hi Top Black Canvas
 My shoes arrived in record time , and look just great . I love the fact that they are all black . I have a thing about all black clothing , and these fit the bill . They are extremely comfortable and durable . I have 8 -LRB- 9 if I count the pair that are on their way -RRB- pairs of Chucks and that is because they are great shoes with a unique style . You will love them , too .
 These shoes look amazing . They are definitely legit Chuck Taylors . They are worth every penny .
 arrived in a timely matter and in great conditionpurchased it for a great price in comparison to other sellers
 I absolutely love the style of Chucks but my one piece of advise is to wear thicker socks if you want comfort .
 Converse Chuck Taylor All Stars are not just a fashion statement . Back in the day , they were my choice of athletic footwear -- following in my father 's footsteps -- while starting center on the high school basketball team . For a 6 ' 2 '' white guy with a moderate vertical leaping ability , I did n't have to worry about losing any spring in my step , and I always led stats in rebounds and blocked shots against players wearing the then-ubiquitous Adidas , Puma and Converse `` Dr. J '' hi-tops . In all fairness , and as a disclaimer , 80 % of the opposing team members were white guys , too.Still , though I have absolutely no vertical leap left -LRB- hey . I graduated 24 years ago -RRB- , I still wear these shoes , just because . Like one reviewer pointed out , they 're a great conversation starter . Plus , they 're as comfy as a second pair of feet.At the turn of the 20th to the 21st century , it appeared that there 'd be NO Chucks left at all
 Originally went for 15s as I usually wear a 14 1/2 or 15 , but this was way way too big . Got the 14 's instead and they are actually a little long in the toe . Absolutely no support in these shoes at all , not that I was really expecting any . Just wanted to try them out . They are great as far as outfitting goes ... they go with anything . But , do not plan on doing any major hiking in them . They are casual shoes and are for just that ... being casual ! Overall not a bad shoe though !
 When basketballer Charles `` Chuck '' Taylor walked into the Converse company back in 1921 complaining of sore feet , he started a revolution . He designed a shoe that was to bear his name only two years later . It would go on to be THE most popular sneaker of all time . Over 500 million pairs have been sold worldwide . The popularity of these legendary shoes has gone in waves but people have always come back to Chucks throughout the past 80 years ! And some people , like myself , just ca n't get enough of them , and go on to build a collection of these wonderful sneakers . Nowadays I only wear Chucks , no other sneaker graces my feet . They are so comfortable and good looking , and take it from me , they boost your self-esteem ! Walk down the street in them and you feel ten feet tall . Sounds corny , but it 's true . They 're like a security blanket around your ankles . I absolutely love Chucks and wo n't ever stop wearing them . Do yourself a favour , buy a pair . Then see how long till you get another and another .
 Just what I expected . Awesome . I wear a 11.5 in most shoes and got a 12 here on purpose so I could wear thick winter socks . Even with the socks they are a bit roomy in the toe - so believe that &#34; run a half size large &#34; thing for Converse i guess . Other than that , this Pair of Chucks are exactly right on .
 No hay zapatos mas c&oacute;modos y duraderos que estos cl&aacute;sicos ... Lucen con todo tipo de vestimenta y como dicen , lo cl&aacute;sico nunca pasa de moda .
 I was debating whether I wanted to buy a pair online or just go into a store and buy them there . Boy am I glad I went to go buy them in person ... as other people have mentioned , Converse run a little big so a size 11 -LRB- which I am -RRB- is really a 9 or so . I ended up getting an 8/5 and I have n't worn 8/5 size shoes since I was 13 . You really want to go and buy them in person and completely avoid this problem .
 Good and quick . Love the shoes although it was a bit confusing whether it was hi top or not as it showed up differently on my order form . But it was hi-tops and I 'm happy : - -RRB-
 These shoes are great for walking , good staple for any wardrobe . The hitops are very secure around my ankles and I like the way they feel when walking around all day . They fit great and just feel very solid . Small scratches and scuff marks come off easily with rubber eraser . I got the package three days before scheduled . No complaints whatsoever .
 These arrived much faster than they said they would . Because they are a gift I was pleased by the early arrival.They are exactly what I was looking for .
 I ordered these shoes for a wedding , yeah I know , and paid the extra twenty bucks to have them shipped 2day air . They went from the East coast to the Midwest , and were five miles from my house on Friday , but UPS charges extra to deliver on Saturday . If I had known there would be an extra charge , I would have paid it , but was n't given the option . The shoes arrived on Monday , the day after the wedding . I emailed the company to voice my displeasure , and was informed that I actually received them before I was supposed to ! My advice , great shoes , great prices , just make sure you plan ahead .
 Lamentablemente , A&uacute;n no he recibido el producto que compr&eacute; . Todav&iacute;a estoy esperando respuesta del vendedor . Agradezco hacer lo APROPIADO a fin de saber & iquest ; Qu&eacute; pas&oacute; ? . Muchas gracias .
 The ordering process was easy . The wait was not long . The product was perfect !!!
 What can I say?I love this shoe , there awesome.They made me feel like I was walking on air everytime , I really want another pair of this great shoes.I love them so much , I might just buy 2 pairs lol .
 My daughter found these at a major department store , the last pair they had and the clerk went to check the sizes and had one 6 and one 8 so she checked other stores and we could not get any . I came home and looked them up and they were basically the same price and they were sent to my door . Now for a dance team she needs another pair and I will just order them from here , so easy ! Thanks !
 My son absolutely loves these shoes ! Great quality , great price , great color , awesome shoe . We are very happy with our purchase !
 Thank you for excellent service and quick shipping . Even with shipping it cost me less for these shoes than atmy local mall .
 I got the shoes well before the date they were expected . Ca n't ask for better service !
 Ordered these online . The first time they arrived we realized we had ordered them a size smaller than we needed . The return process was clear and simple - we mailed them back at no cost and were refunded the entire balance . We ordered the correct pair and received those in just a few days . They arrived in great condition , the right price , the right product , and in the right amount of time . No complaints , only praise for this vendor . Great job .
 A classic shoe and still my favorite after all these years . Ca n't beat the price either with what sneakers cost these days . I no longer use my CTs for working out , exercise , aerobics , running or anything like that and would n't recommend that anybody else do so either . The cushioning is the same as it used to be back in the day , which is to say there is none . But for everyday walking , hanging out around the house , or indulging in a little retro fun these really are great shoes .
 I have been a fan of Converse since the day I saw Will Smith unpack a brand new pair in the movie iRobot . I wanted one for myself , where else amazon is the best place to buy . The Product price is very affordable except the shipping and handling costs . They are a bit high to Sri Lanka . Would be great if they are low too .
 In my opinion those are very good looking and comfortable shoes . And it is a good price too .
 The shoes arrived at the earliest date promised , just in time for their use in a break dance performance .
 These were ordered as a gift in a size 12 . Yes , they had them . The came beautifuly wrapped and arrived within a few days from order . Yes , I waited until the last min to order and they arrived just in time for Holidays . Reasonable and I did n't have to leave my home . Perfect for basketball ! They were well received ! Now , my daughter wants a pair . Love Amazon !
 If you 're into the retro stuff , this really is a great pair of sneakers . People forget how comfy they wear and despite what your friends may think , they do actually still look pretty good with almost any jeans/combats . Whether it 's the hi-tops or this nifty pair , you just ca n't go wrong for $ 30 .
 i love these shoes . i ware them alot . i have three pairs red black and royal blue . one bad thing about them is you can not get shoelaces for them in the stores . i had to get them offline .
 They 're Chucks , what more needs to be said . There is a reason they are still around after all these years .
 The black Chuck Taylor 's are a must have classic for the shoe lover . I own two pairs of them myself , and would never buy anyother shoe . Why ? They 're so comfortable and match EVERYTHING !
 Do what they 're advertised to . I also agree with other reviewers , order a size bigger to ensure proper fit . All in all , come on they 're Chucks !!
 I love my converse ! You should get some too . I love theway they look and smell when they are brand new ! They come in allKind of colors and you can make your own . they have lasted on theMarket since 1935 ! You need to run and your own pair right now !
 This item was a gift . It was received in time for Christmas 2011 . received in great condition . The shoes are super comfortable and very stylish . Great buy ! 2 thumbs up !
 I wear these shoes every day and they are great . Love the colors . Only gripe is that the glue is wearing out around the toes and the rubber is separating from the canvas . Also , do n't wear these shoes on a cold day because your feet will freeze . Other than that , ca n't go wrong with a pair of Chucks .
 Classic perfection . Fits amazing . Looks beautiful . Shipped quicker than expected . Long lasting . This is my third pair of this exact pair . Each has lasted years . Awesomesauce in a box .
 After seeing all the reviews about this shoe , I wanted to actually physically try on a pair before buying to make sure of the size . I love these shoes . They 're comfortable and just great . I just wanted to post about the size difference I experienced . I have been wearing size -LRB- male -RRB- 10.5 for years now . I 've bought many different shoes from different brands and this is always my style . After trying on many pairs of these shoes I finally found my size for these shoes . 8.5 . A full two sizes lower ! 8 was too tight and 9 was a bit too big .
 I have a pair of these and they are my go-to shoe . They are soooo confortable and they go with any kind of jean and never fail to make a statment . I have own my pair of all black chucks for over 7 years and wear them often and they are only now starting to show wear . They are tough and confortable . I will never hesitate to buy chucks . If you do n't find anything you like go to the converse site and create your own . I LOVE the ones I created there .
 I bought these for powerlifting , as an alternative to much more expensive lifting shoes . They are legal in the organization I lift in , and they are exactly what I need . The flat , thin sole is perfect for squatting and deadlifting with stability and safety.I could see durability of these shoes being a problem IF they were worn as an everyday shoe , i.e. , outside , or to work / school . The canvas material is thin , and this is by no means a rugged pair of shoes . But for what I uses them for - strictly in the gym - they are excellent .
 My granddaughter absolutely '' ... had to have , more than anything in the world ... '' a pair of Converse Purple High-tops for Christmas ! Ordered them on 12/19 & they arrived on the 22nd , in plenty of time for me to once again be `` the greatest grandpa in the world '' !
 Got this pair for my girlfriend as I got a pair myself for a themed party we had and well party is over and we are still rocking them
 My husband loved them . Make sure to buy a half-size smaller than you usually wear , as they do run large .
 They 're Chuck Taylor 's . If you 'll like them , you 'll love these . Black high-top sneakers were a great gift for the scene girl with black everything
 I like this product because it was not used.Good product and cheaper than the official site.that is it
 These shoes are a total classic . My son wanted these because they 're the same ones David Tenant wears in Dr. Who . Now I need to order another pair because he wears them exclusively . I would recommend these to anyone wanting a stylish and comfortable everyday shoe .
 I like the retro style of these shoes , very well made and a decent price . I wish the tongue of the show was wider and did not slide around as much .
 Great old school shoes for summer ! They are fun to wear and I get a lot of positive responses from people .
 A great product which i like very much and like all the different styles and colours and different textures and prices
 I really like these shoes . I 've been wearing store brand knock-offs for ages and I finally got a pair of proper all-stars and I 'm so freakin ' happy . They 're more flexible and comfortable than I expected and I 'd say these are comfortable enough to jog in - if I every jogged :P . But yeah , great shoes , and for this price they 're totally worth it.I feel like Dwight from Sin City when I wear these xD .
 It 's a Chuck Taylor through and through . Not much support but I do n't care . These were for my son and he wears a custom orthotic anyway . So we just dropped it in and he was good to go . He wore these with his tux for the prom . He was stylin ' and comfortable . I do recommend going up 1/2 size if you have narrow feet and a full size if you have a medium width because they run a bit short .
 These shoes , Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Hi Top are the ones that I 've looked for all my life.They are extremely comfortable , well made , fit just right , keep you warm in cold weather and cool in the summer . I could n't be happier with this purchase . Please , follow the advice stated in the link regarding women 's and men 's zises.This is very important.Don ' t get confused with other brands or models . I wish they 'd come in different colors , I 'd get one of each .
 I got a pair of converse shoes for Christmas almost 3 years ago , and I have been wearing these shoes almost ever since . They feel comfortable , they look good , and they have hardly any wear on them after 3 years . As a matter of fact , I have them on right now as i am writing this review . . I 'm thinking about buying another pair in a different color just because i love them so much .
 Sneaks came quickly and as ordered . I took a chance as I usually wear size E or EE depending on style , but these D width CT 's fit just fine . Must be the cloth is easier to mold to the foot that those with stiffer sides .
 I love these shoes . Durable , dependable , flexible . I use a different pair for winter weather but for every other season converses always fit .
 Got these for Christmas yesterday and absolutely love them ! I had a pair of Converse that I wore until they had holes in the heels . These are my replacements . Comfy , reasonably priced , look great on .
 We received the sneakers rapidly . They were just what we ordered and at a better price than I could find in the store .
 Already have Chucks in white , which I wore for the b-ball team in high school ... yeah , when Chucks were the shoes to be wearin ' !! Decided to re-live days of Sandlot Black PF Flyers with the magic wedge , make you run faster , jump higher ! But when I got them , they were about a 1/3 size too small and the shoes felt uneven -LRB- one bigger than the other , both still tight -RRB- . Thought I could wear them in and could n't . Chalked up to a loss . Paid less for black Chucks and they fit true to size ! Love these black Chucks ! GREAT PURCHASE !! Wonder what the difference is in the monochrome black . Anyone know ?
 I love these shoes ! I did n't have too wait long . My hubby wants some too = -RRB-
 Who does n't love a good pair of Chuck Taylors ? My manfriend and I are huge fans , so I scooped him up this blacked-out pair for work -LRB- he is a bartender -RRB- . Not only do they look good , but they are holding up magnificently , showing little signs of age , despite all the mixers , juice , and other bar sludge that they see on a regular basis . And because of the canvas , if they do start to smell like the floor of the bar , in the washer they go ! Pricing and delivery on these bad boys was on point and I would not hesitate to get another pair from this distributor again.And , if you do not own a pair of Chucks , get on the wagon and buy a product created in the USA , my friend .
 I Like this Converse Shoes . They are very nice . I will buy again when the need comes . Get it , you will not be disapointed .
 I got them today around the time they said they would be here . The shoes were in great condition inside the box and they were just what I expected to be . I 'm very satisfied with my purchase . I would order from them again .
 I 'm really happy with these Chucks . Seller sent them in perfect condition a couple days before expected . Good Price . Good Purchase . Good Day !
 Shipping was way fast , this is my 5th pair of Chucks the black on black is slick , they breath better than any other shoe ive ever owned and it definitely wont be my last pair .
 I have had these boots for about 2 years , I have hiked through the woods , dug 4 ' deep ditches in hard clay , and I take several motorcycle trips every year . I wear these boots almost every day and the sole is barely worn and the insoles are still in good shape . After all this I just polished them with kiwi parade gloss shoe polish to a mirror finish that would make your drill instructor proud -LRB- not an exaggeration they do take a good polish -RRB- . Before I got these boots I went through about two pair of shoes a year , these boots are so tough that they will easily last for another 2 years . I would recommend these boots to anyone that needs a good pair of boots that with little maintenance will faithfully last for years , and for the price can not be beat . I would actually rate these boots at 4.5 stars because they only have one minor flaw ... Just after these boots were worn-in I noticed that the lining on the insole was pealing off , they were easy to remove so I took them to my sewing machine and stitched around the perimeter and they were as good as new and are still in use .
 I switched out my military issue jump boots for a pair of these Bate 's zip-sided Enforcers . The construction is solid , and the cushioning is greatly superior to that in a standard issue military boots . If you 've never worn boots with a zipper , I highly recommend them . The zipper makes getting out the door much easier . I do not know whether or not I would deploy without a backup pair of boots . If the zipper were to fail on these -LRB- in a deployed environment -RRB- , you 'd have a heck of a time keeping them on your feet . For stateside use -LRB- e.g. everyday Police use -RRB- , they are a great boot .
 I have had these boots for about 2 years , I have hiked through the woods , dug 4 ' deep ditches in hard clay , and I take several motorcycle trips every year . I wear these boots almost every day and the sole is barely worn and the insoles are still in good shape . After all this I just polished them with kiwi parade gloss shoe polish to a mirror finish that would make your drill instructor proud -LRB- not an exaggeration they do take a good polish -RRB- . Before I got these boots I went through about two pair of shoes a year , these boots are so tough that they will easily last for another 2 years . I would recommend these boots to anyone that needs a good pair of boots that with little maintenance will faithfully last for years , and for the price can not be beat . I would actually rate these boots at 4.5 stars because they only have one minor flaw ... Just after these boots were worn-in I noticed that the lining on the insole was pealing off , they were easy to remove so I took them to my sewing machine and stitched around the perimeter and they were as good as new and are still in use .
 I switched out my military issue jump boots for a pair of these Bate 's zip-sided Enforcers . The construction is solid , and the cushioning is greatly superior to that in a standard issue military boots . If you 've never worn boots with a zipper , I highly recommend them . The zipper makes getting out the door much easier . I do not know whether or not I would deploy without a backup pair of boots . If the zipper were to fail on these -LRB- in a deployed environment -RRB- , you 'd have a heck of a time keeping them on your feet . For stateside use -LRB- e.g. everyday Police use -RRB- , they are a great boot .
 I love this shoe . It 's dressy , but casual enough for every day summer wear , and it 's comfortable for walking around every day . I bought one years ago at a retail store , then when they started breaking down I tried to find another shoe that fit the casual-dressy-comfortable category and could n't find anything else that came close . I found these here , and ordered the same ones I had before , and am very happy about it . Just wish they had the other colors in stock for size 6 !
 Very nice shoe it would be great if this style came in more colors . Shoes are comfortable and sturdy , great for walking .
 I ordered the Mimosa sandal in 7E Camel . It is true to size and comfortable . I love the style , looks dressy even as a low heel . The footpad inside is man-made material , but with stockings it is comfortable . Too bad the footpad is n't microfiber or something like that .
 very comfortable shoe . I have worn these for many years & have many colors . Good with casual or dressy . I was so happy I found the black again . For a long time they were n't available .
 This is a perfect sandal for dress or casual . I needed a navy pair to wear when I am working conferences and these are great . They are comfortable and look very neat with dresses or suits .
 This LifeStride shoe is one of the most comfortable shoes I have ever had - I like it so much I have it in three different colors . Even after wearing it all day my feet are feeling great . You ca n't go wrong with this shoe .
 I had a pair of shoes like these that I wore until they nearly fell apart . They were so very comfortable , and worked well with different types of outfits , including shorts and capris . The only problem , -LRB- which other people have mentioned -RRB- , is that they do tend to run narrow , so I would suggest buying them a width wider than you normally do.For a relatively inexpensive shoe , I think that they are a great value.Addendum
 I know these shoes are made of non-leather materials and usually would not even have tried them because of that . But , once on , they are the most moldable , soft , well fitting and supportive sandals I have . I have a complaint about the black rubber sole and stacked heel - the rubber is too soft and the back of the heel mars very easily . Another complaint is that they are so hard to find ! I have several pairs and will keep looking ...
 I purchased shoes from Overstock.com and the shoes were perfect . They arrived on time and the fit was exact . Will certainly order from the manufacturer again .
 I previously owned a pair of these sandals -LRB- over 5 years ago -RRB- which I really liked , but for some reason they no longer fit confortably . I decided to order them in a wide width thinking that might be the problem now that I no longer wear high heels , but more casual , loose fitting shoes . My new sandals fit beautifully . I can wear them all day long in complete comfort . I 'm really glad I gave them a second try because I really like the style and have always thought them to be an attractive shoe too .
 I do not ususally order shoes but I was very pleased with this purchase and Peltz Shoes . The shoes were shipped immediatley and I received them within 3 days . Would purchase from them again . Thanks
 This is my second pair , in as many years . Comfortable , nice hieght and affordable .
 I have these sandals in five different colors . They are incredibly comfortable yet stylish , and can be worn with slacks or skirts for work or play . Although they are not leather , they look and feel just like it . Great for fashion-minded vegans or those looking for a comfortable , inexpensive sandal .
 Very comfortable and cute shoe . I wear a 9 AA and rarely find great colored shoes in my size . I bought these in aqua and am very happy with the fit and the look .
 I bought four pair of these in different colors . They are the SOFTEST shoes - they just hug your feet and feel like you 've slipped a soft little glove over your tootsies ! ;--RRB- I have long , narrow feet so being able to get them in my size was a plus as well . I am absolutely delighted with them .
 Very cute flat shoe . If your feet tend to swell however I would order a wide width . Other than that the shoe looks great with jeans or capri pants !
 I love these Life Stride Sandals . Can be worn when dressed up or casual . Very comfortable . Planning on purchasing more in several colors .
 I love these shoes and have them in blue , white and black . I find them very comfortable to walk in which I appreciate since I usually need orthodic inserts . fit true to size .
 I love these sandals and am unhappy that they are discontinued . If there are any out there in size 8 give me an email !
 I bought these shoes to wear to a wedding ... they were so comfortable I could have danced all night and nearly did !! Thank you !!
 I bought this shoe in mimosa and navy . I need the wide width . The sizing was very true.I am very satisfied with this shoe and highly recommend to anyone needing the wider widths.N.Mayo
 I have had these boots for about 2 years , I have hiked through the woods , dug 4 ' deep ditches in hard clay , and I take several motorcycle trips every year . I wear these boots almost every day and the sole is barely worn and the insoles are still in good shape . After all this I just polished them with kiwi parade gloss shoe polish to a mirror finish that would make your drill instructor proud -LRB- not an exaggeration they do take a good polish -RRB- . Before I got these boots I went through about two pair of shoes a year , these boots are so tough that they will easily last for another 2 years . I would recommend these boots to anyone that needs a good pair of boots that with little maintenance will faithfully last for years , and for the price can not be beat . I would actually rate these boots at 4.5 stars because they only have one minor flaw ... Just after these boots were worn-in I noticed that the lining on the insole was pealing off , they were easy to remove so I took them to my sewing machine and stitched around the perimeter and they were as good as new and are still in use .
 I switched out my military issue jump boots for a pair of these Bate 's zip-sided Enforcers . The construction is solid , and the cushioning is greatly superior to that in a standard issue military boots . If you 've never worn boots with a zipper , I highly recommend them . The zipper makes getting out the door much easier . I do not know whether or not I would deploy without a backup pair of boots . If the zipper were to fail on these -LRB- in a deployed environment -RRB- , you 'd have a heck of a time keeping them on your feet . For stateside use -LRB- e.g. everyday Police use -RRB- , they are a great boot .
 These shoes are exactly what I expected from Aerosole 's . Correct sizing and great comfort !
 I have had these boots for about 2 years , I have hiked through the woods , dug 4 ' deep ditches in hard clay , and I take several motorcycle trips every year . I wear these boots almost every day and the sole is barely worn and the insoles are still in good shape . After all this I just polished them with kiwi parade gloss shoe polish to a mirror finish that would make your drill instructor proud -LRB- not an exaggeration they do take a good polish -RRB- . Before I got these boots I went through about two pair of shoes a year , these boots are so tough that they will easily last for another 2 years . I would recommend these boots to anyone that needs a good pair of boots that with little maintenance will faithfully last for years , and for the price can not be beat . I would actually rate these boots at 4.5 stars because they only have one minor flaw ... Just after these boots were worn-in I noticed that the lining on the insole was pealing off , they were easy to remove so I took them to my sewing machine and stitched around the perimeter and they were as good as new and are still in use .
 I switched out my military issue jump boots for a pair of these Bate 's zip-sided Enforcers . The construction is solid , and the cushioning is greatly superior to that in a standard issue military boots . If you 've never worn boots with a zipper , I highly recommend them . The zipper makes getting out the door much easier . I do not know whether or not I would deploy without a backup pair of boots . If the zipper were to fail on these -LRB- in a deployed environment -RRB- , you 'd have a heck of a time keeping them on your feet . For stateside use -LRB- e.g. everyday Police use -RRB- , they are a great boot .
 I love my converse . WHo needs Nike or any of the rest when you have something as light weight and comfortable as converse Chuck Taylor . You can not go wrong with this shoe . They last and last .
 I got mine from a Converse store in a mall near St Louis for $ 20 . I 've had them for 2 and a half years and have worn them everywhere . I ran a 10 minute Mile and a half in them twice for my Air Force PT Test . I 've worn them in Iraq , Kuwait , Arizona , Florida , Washington . they are a part of me . Truly an epic shoe . They 're also a great driving shoe , with a nice rolled heel after some wear , and great pedal feel . Would recommend them to anyone looking for a nice all around , everyday shoe .
 awesome love them as always !! Just a reminder ... get converse two sizes smaller than you usually would :-RRB- ex if your size 9 , get size 7
 What 's not to like about these things . They 're comfortable , simple , and just look good . They can truly be worn by everyone , kids , adults , men , and women . They have been in style for as long as I can remember and I do n't see them going out any time soon . When I go out , I 'm either wearing these or my crocs . My only problem is that I wear them so much that I seem to go through them pretty fast . The good thing is that unlike most other shoes , these still look pretty good all beat up , so I typically wear them till they fall off my feet . Bottom line , you ca n't go wrong with chucks .
 Compr&eacute; un par de estos zapatos hace un mes y estan muy cheveres , fue un regalo para mi esposa y le gustan mucho .
 My neice 's them !! They were her favorite color.Very stylish and comfortable!Would recommend to anybody that likes this style of shoe .
 Very nice shoes , true to size and nice colour . I got a lot of compliments for them . I strongly recommend them to young people .
 Exactly the same as what I was expecting . Size and color was perfect . It is nice to wear with skinny jeans .
 great sneakers ! look great and fit perfectly . can wear with anything!the best for skydiving : -RRB- will definitely buy again , maybe different colors.thank you .
 Buen producto , por el precio excelente , envi&oacute; oportuno , en empaque adecuado , recomendable !! Buen producto , por el precio excelente , envi&oacute; oportuno , en empaque adecuado , recomendable !!
 buy these shoes because they were very comfortable lei really are beautiful but sometimes I use are cute very pleased with this purchase .
 I have wore these since I was a kid , but now sadly these are hard to find . If you are looking for both quality and a product made in the states then these are the shoes for you . The nice thing is that Chucks come in a variety of colors so you can get different ones if you want to have a certain look .
 Could n't find this particular color/design combo in stores , so was very happy to find it here at a great price!Converse shoes run a bit big , so make sure you order a good half to one size smaller than you would wear
 This shoes came in and i feel in love with them , they are in great condition . Just what i wanted and expected ! the color is great . They came in the box and they looked stunning . I totally recommend them !
 This review is very deserving of 5 stars . My boyfriend needed a new pair of chucks for work that matched his uniform ... we do n't wear many other types of shoes . . Love chuck taylors ! 5 stars for fast shipping , and low price . Thanks !
 Chucks are always awesome and this one came in an awesome condition ! My only qualm about this line of converse is that it provides no support as do most converse .
 this product is ok , i recomended , the service is fast , all rigth , the price is the exact . very very good
 Just came back from shootin ' hoops with my new Chuck Taylor Hi Tops . Been wearing them since '64 - as good now as they were then !
 Paid prioty post for this as had no choice . It cost $ 50 . Double the price of the shoes . The shoes above I paid for the slower postage . It cost $ 19 for the three pairs . Was told they would arrive in about 3 weeks . The boots in 3 to 4 days . The boots arrived as said and three other pairs arrived the very Next Day !!!!! Felt totally ripped off in regards to the boots !!!!! '
 I was introduced to Converse All-Star 's -LRB- Chuck 's -RRB- two years ago and they are the best shoes I have ever owned . Before I knew about Chuck 's , I would have multiple pairs of sneakers for different activities , now I have one ! They have excellent foot support all the way up the ankle , the only downside is that the soles have no arch and if you are not already flat footed , they will probably make you that way . They are great shoes !
 I am a teacher and at Christmas time each year I ask for a student 's name of whom the counselors or home health nurses know is not going to havea Christmas because of family finances and/or struggles . Well , this year I was given the name of a student I had in my own class and whom I had already had sucha great connection and loved this kid . To find out they were not going to have a Christmas broke my heart !! Anyway , through some other sources , I was able to find out what this student wanted more than anything , if they could ask for just even one gift for Christmas . The student said they would love to have some REAL Chuck Taylor blue high-tops !! The fake ones they had saved money to buy at a local `` discount '' store fell apart so fast and they felt they had wasted their money.So ... I ordered these for that student and had them given anonymously . Let me tell you ... when that student entered my classroom the very morning after the y received these surprise gifted shoes ... that kid was so excited to show me , so happy in general , so excited to see everyone and openly socialize with head held high . Wow ... what great things these shoes did for this student in far more ways thanjust keep their feet dry My heart was fulfilled and this student will forever remember these shoes , I am certain !!
 very good purchase for my daughter , she had a pair before and she would n't take them off unless she went to sleep so they worn out in almost 3 years , so i got this new pair for her for xmas , i 'm sure she 's gon na love them.perfect sizing and quality .
 These were a favorite of mine growing up . The quality seems a tad better these days than when I was growing up . They 're not as comfortable asjogging or walking shoes , but there is a certain casual nostalgia when wearing them . These are not uncomfortable shoes mind you . If youare accustomed to High tech arch support and cushioned soles , these are not the shoes for you . But if you are looking for a basic shoe for youreveryday wear & tear , that have the nostalgic look of the late 50 's -60 's , look no further .
 I am on my third pair of converse , and I LOVE it to bits . They 're reliable -LRB- My first pair lasted 2 years , i was reluctant to buy another since it broke in -RRB- , last forever -LRB- you know , 2 years is a lot considering the other cheap China made crappy shoes -RRB- , and when you break them in , they 're heaven to your feet . One thing though , if you are going to use it for exercising , bad idea . Some Dr.Scholl 's slip-ins might make it more bearable . Overall , comfort 8/10 and style 10/10 . Customizable 10/10 . Great buy !
 Mono-Black Chucks are amazing utility shoes . I wear mine when : * working -LRB- with tie -RRB- * sledding * partying * hiking * gardening * attending black tie formal events -LRB- yes really -RRB- Ironically , the thing Chucks are bad for is the shoe 's original intended purpose
 These shoes are great for the price . They are light and they let your feet breathe easily . Only con is there is no arch support so after wearing the for a while my feet hurt badly .
 These shoes are great , they can be worn down with jeans and a tee or worn with nice dress clothes.I 'm getting the ones in pink.Get these shoes if considering.Very comfy also -LSB- Holla Back -RSB-
 Thank Heavens for those dear sweet chaps at Converse who years and years ago crafted this high-performance , foot-contouring , ankle hugging canvas shoe . Also available in the more contemporary leather versions , Converse All-Star Chuck Taylors ' are the most brilliant shoes known to -LRB- wo -RRB- man ... I 'm on stage a lot , so jumping around in these baby 's is a cinche - and when considering other stylish options -LRB- heels , clogs , cross trainers without the well needed ventalation that my feet so honestly deserve ? -RRB- , I 'm afraid that no one even seems to come close to Chuck 's humble design . I own a low cut pair in Orange Popsicle , two high cut pairs in Pink and Black and am in the processes of purchasing a pair of black leather boot-cut chuck taylors ... honestly , not any other shoes could provide as much daily wear and tear as these Chuck Taylors !! And , as an added bonus , they can be worn casually or dressed up with some tailored pants or flashy jeans for a night-time look ... I can not emphasise enough my dedication to these shoes - buy a pair , people , these old faithful 's will not let you down . I LOVE UNISEX SHOES !
 After being associated with the 50 's hipster and the 70 's hippie , the 80 's punk and now the millennium prepster these shoes have made the journey across time and generation . Made with a canvas material and a rubber soul these shoes stand the test of time and once thier broken in will quickly become your favorite pair of shoes . No matter the winter or the summer you 'll find yourself pulling these out of the closet to pair with your jeans or your skirt . And owning one pair is never enough . A pair in every color low and high is definitly required for the true converse wearer . Buy your first pair today to emmerse yourself in a true piece of history and the future
 Do n't know how many pairs ive owned over the years but I keep buying more . Comfy , stylish and cool to boot . I 'd give a 5 but i wish they werent as expensive ...
 I have worn chucks for several years now and have always been pleased with the shoe , but this was my first purchase from the seller and I am very pleased with the service and quick shipment of the order ...
 Love the shoe . . comfy and cool . . but . . no so happy with the color . . if I bought again , I 'd chose a different color . . but to each their own I guess
 I Loved The Right From The Start.I Bought Them In White Color And They Are Beautiful.I 'm Planning To Buy More In The Near Future .
 I brought this for a gift to my brother and he 's very happy , his really a good shoes !!!
 Great price and delivery for Chuck Taylors . Very happy and so was my daughter !
 This pair of converse was just what I expected ; they were one my son 's Christmas presents . The colors available were more varied than those I 'd seen in local stores and the price was better . This item arrived sooner than promised , too . Needless to say , my son was pleased .
 These Chucks are top of the line , very comfortable , still rocking my cons five years strong , the great thing is you can walk in these cons all day with no discomfort or pain . GET THEM !
 My son loves Chuck Taylor Converse All Stars , and these are so durable ! He wanted the high tops this time , so I got these for him . He loves them , and they came so quickly even though it was during Christmas season rush .
 They came in a timely manner , in the little Converse box . They 're just as the should be
 Chuck Taylors are just my style !! They look good with anything i wear , and are very comfortable . All you need are some black jeans with a white or black shirt and your good to go !!! My only problem is that people just ca n't seem to watch where they are going , so if I pat dirt out of it , it looks like the color fade 's in that area . But overall great shoe to wear !!! Watch your feet though .
 Ok , I 'm 47 - and a professional female - probably heading back to my 2nd childhood - um - if I ever left childhood completely in the first place?Anyway , I had n't had a pair of Converse Hi-Tops since I was around 12 years old . I had seen some of the more `` artsy '' ones , but could never find my size -LRB- average foot -RRB- when I was looking ... and I knew I would n't be able to wear them to work if they were `` artsy '' Converse - because they are , after all , athletic shoes.I decided to buy the completely black Hi-tops ... and they are great . They are comfortable , even on my 47 year old feet . I really like them a lot . Glad I bought them , and maybe I 'll even see about getting a pair of the Artsy ones ... or maybe a pair in pink ??? Hope you 'll enjoy yours , when you get them .
 I purchased these for my grandson for Christmas - They arrived in plenty of time and were exactly what I ordered . It was all he asked for and he was totally excited when he opened them . He put them on immediately and just kept telling me how much he loved his shoes .
 I have been wearing these shoes for most of my life . They are n't $ 15 . anymore , but they are still worth the money . They are very flat , so do n't forget to get some insoles with arches for them ! You may want to add 1/2 a shoe size for this .
 I absolutely love my red Chucks . They are a timeless look that can be worn with your favorite jeans , tailored slacks , or a mini . And at such a great price , a better buy than the more modern sneakers in the same category . The shoes do run big , so be sure to the follow the suggestion of ordering two sizes smaller than your normal shoe size . I recieved my order from Eastbay within 3 days of purchase .
 No , I am not out on a cross country `` Walk for Peace '' but when I wear these shoes every step I take promotes World Peace . I have a red pair of peace shoes and I bought my mom a pair of pink ones . We love wearing them out together - we are a Mother/Daughter team making a double statement ! Also , we get many comments - whether together or alone . People just love them ! I wish I had these Peace shoes in 3 or 4 other colors .
 No complaints for this gift . They get worn a lot and so need to be replaced occasionally .
 Exactly what I needed , exactly when I needed it . I was in a group who all needed to get the converse hightops , and a few in the group had made online purchases and had problems . I went through Amazon , and had no problems whatsoever . Great information from the vendor .
 The shoes ordered on this web site are satisfactory . Thanks for sending the order promptly and in perfect condition .
 The shoes are great , and the shipping time was reasonable , as was the price . A warning
 It 's the first time when I bought this type of shoe , but I 'm telling you , I love it ; comfortable , cool , nice , I ca n't take eyes off them ; Yes I 'm talking about `` CONVERSE '' by Chuck Taylor , baby .
 I have every color known to man , and am always looking for more . I teach , so I am on my feet all day ; I 'm comfy and happy in my Converse All Stars ! I must say that in my old age -LRB- 40 -RRB- I prefer the lo tops over the hi tops .
 Converse 's are classic . they are the shoes people are always going to wear . i like the high tops better though
 This was a very good deal and was a fast delivery . I highly recommend this seller to all .
 It is nice to slip in to a new shoe and get the feel of a firm but comfortable fit . Lots of value here for the money.In my size they look like navy gunboats ... and I love them !
 I was so happy with this purchase . I purchased this just days before Christmas . These came on time and were exactly what I wanted . Thanks for the great service .
 I 've never seen such a great selection of Chuck Taylor High Tops . I think this is my 5th pair . They have such great designs , nothing you would ever find in a department store . The shipping is always fast and my order has always been correct . I highly recommend this vendor !
 -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B000FAI9X0 Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Hi Top red high top tennis shoes.They were just what the kid wanted , and they fit . He has been wearing them daily . Great!Vazel
 Love these converse shoes.They are a great shade of red , have already got a lot of comments on them.Thanks Chuck !
 We have found that by shopping on Amazon we are able to obtain all manner of items that we would not be able to purchase normally . My husband is 6 ' 6 '' tall and is a big man with big feet as you would expect . He wanted to buy these particular shoes as they were something that he had worn in his childhood and loved so much . We were not able to buy these in Australia without actually having them especially made . Phil 's foot size is normally 14 wide , so we opted for the size 15 US . Absolutely perfect and for a very reasonable price.We are very happy and even though some items are way out of our purchase league due to the varying shipping costs , we are still very fortunate to have discovered Amazon .
 These all black Chuck 's are my favorite All Star model ! It is no small task to find them at a regular retail store-most often your best bet is to buy online . They shipped in a timely fashion . Great Kicks , good deal .
 We bought the Chuck Taylor high tops for our 14 year old daughter for Christmas . The mall had the same produce for $ 85.00 ! We cut our cost almost in half , and she was THRILLED with the gift ! Great service . Great product . Great results . Her response ? `` Now I need to go get them dirty ! ''
 I enjoy my purple chucks a lot . I get lots of comments on them when I where them . It is fun to see peoples reactions .
 This was the second time we ordered Pink Converse Shoes for my daughter , the first time I did n't get the size right . I returned them to `` Shoes R Us '' I think it was called and they took care of my mistake very quickly . Unfortunately they did n't have the size I needed so I ordered a replacement pair from Last Pairs . They came quickly , fit perfectly and were reasonably priced , the same as our local mall , without the hassle ! Very good experience overall , would recommend .
 Lord , could Converse have got it any more right ? One thinks not . The Converse All Star Chuck Taylor canvas shoes are everything one could need from a shoe and more . They are stylish , available in colours that vary from orange to pink , the more comtemporary leather versions , low cut and high cut . These baby 's contour the foot so well , it 's almost like walking on air ! The canvas hugs the ankles , providing support ... but the most important features of the shoes are that they are unisex -LRB- they look great on guys and girls -RRB- and they can be dressed down with jeans , or elegantly dressed up with a pair of tailored pants . These shoes are definitely to die for .
 The shoe itself is cute ! Very bright colorful ... and well pink . The only worry/complaint i have is that maybe its a bit too big ? Maybe the reviews i read after i bought the item scared me making me wish that i would have gone down a size . So instead of an 8 maybe a 7.5 would have been nice ? Well what can you do ... you cant shrink em and they are cute . Im sure i can work it all out ! The delivery estimate of the package was right on time . The seller was awesome ! So all in all its pretty good : P
 Thanks for the service , is very good!The product buy is of good quality , y arrived in the estimated time , I 'm very happy with the service ... Thanks ! and '' Happy New Year 2012 `` Sincerely ; Angel Clark.Puerto Ordaz , Venezuela .
 These shoes are what I was looking for . . but , they do run a little big . So be sure to get a size down from your regular size . I wear 10 1/2 But i could probably wear a 10 or even 9 in this shoe . . They are comfortable and you cant beat the price . . shipping was pretty face as well .
 Greetings , the purchase was made as effective as I have in my hands the product without any sort of trouble . Completely safe.Saludos , la compra fue efectuada de efectiva , ya tengo en mis manos el producto , sin ningun tipo de inconvenientes . Completamente seguro .
 Thank you for sending this fast and correct ! These are my daughter 's favorite shoes and when her old pair finally got holes in the soles she put these on her Birthday list . She unwrapped them and immediately they were on her feet !
 Hi , Can anyone tell me how to buy the item ? I can only select the size or the color , but never both , so I can not buy the item . And I do n't know how to contact the seller . Thank you !
 This is standard issue footwear for anyone who wants the `` look '' of indie rock -LRB- the others are t-shirts that look to be from a redneck bar circa 1978 but really came from a suburban Old Navy circa 2010 and those `` washed-out '' blue jeans that were purchased at the same Old Navy -RRB- . The shoes are grossly unfit for any athletic activity -LRB- I do n't know how the heck I survived playing street hockey in these things as a teenager -RRB- , provide no protection against the cold or stepping on sharp objects , begin to smell horribly after 9 + months of use and have a tendency to have the sole tear away from the rest of the shoe after those 9 months -LRB- if the smell has n't destroyed them yet -RRB- . But their coolness factor will never , ever be replicated by any footwear , past , present or future -LRB- the Roman sandal gave them a run for their money in the 1980s by the garage punk band Thee Mighty Caesars , but that 's another story -RRB- . Everyone should own a pair of these shoes at least once in their lifetimes .
 The Last time I wore a pair of these , my codename was Roadrunner , fastest boy in the universe ... lol.I bought these more for the nostalgiathan anything else.I have no complaints
 The shoes are very cool . And so is the price . Fast shipping also .
 It was here in no time , we appreciate the speedyness especially when your little daughter is expecting it , it came the day it was suppose to ... . maybe one day earlier . Thanks !
 We could not find these anywhere in the stores for under $ 60.00 . I was very happy with the price and the delivery was right on time . They were a gift and it was exactly what she wanted.Thanks , Theresa
 This was one of the smoothest deals I have ever dealt with , and I will do business again in the future . The service was great .
 Very cool shoes , decent price and a very quick shipper . what more could you ask for ?
 ordered for christmas for teen daughter , could n't find anywhere in stores , so thanks ! Appreciated the fast shipping too !
 Converse All-Stars are the all-American shoe , and the black monochrome goes with everything . Seriously ; I 've worn these to the opera .
 I really like these shoes . I use them for weightlifting/running . My only warning is that they run quite big . I had to order 1.5 sizes smaller than I usually do , but they work fine . My first pair got torn up a lot around the lace-holes , but I think that was because they were too big . My current pair has no problems so far .
 i have not to much to say , this product is nice and i like it to much
 These shoes are light and comfortable to walk around in all day . Thier sizing is a little confusing . These run about one size larger than most shoes . I recommend using extra or replacement insoles .
 I stand on my feet for 7 hours at a time in a professional job . This is my shoe w / a walking insole inside I work it out just fine and no one notices I have on sneaks ! I am on my fourth pair and looking for several replacements . Works great w / slacks or khaki pants . -LRB- make sure if you are getting them as an alternative to a ladies dress shoe get the all blk w / the all blk gumsole and all blk laces -RRB- Most dress shoes for ladies are very very uncomfortable even though they are fashionable and this one does both very well . The fact that I can machine wash makes them even more likeable .
 excellent converse all star . the product was well described and satisfied my needs . the shipment has been quick
 These shoes were 20 $ cheaper than the sale price on the converse website . The shoes seem to be authentic . Shipping was fast .
 the shoes are great , they were in mint condition when i received them . i could n't be happier
 My fiance wanted some new converse shoes for his birthday , so I searched the internet for awhile trying to find the best deal , this was definitely it ! It was the best price paired with free shipping , and they came within a week , so that was great ! They 've also held up very well , and he loves them , so they get quite a bit of use !
 I ordered these for my 18 year old son . He LOVES them . Has a purple shirt that he wears with them - bought them about 10 months ago and he has worn them so much that they are almost worn out - that 's how much he likes them . I would buy him more , but he is going into the military soon . Love Lo Purple Chuck Norris Converse ! Thanks Amazon .
 I love my Converse . A Chuck Taylor is always stylish !! And they always look good with casual clothing .
 I am a 20-year-old female , and I was first introduced to Converse All-Star shoes in the 7th grade . Since I was a young child , I have always had trouble buying shoes due to the size of my feet . My feet are small length wise , but none of the shoes in my size are ever able to accomodate the width of my feet . I normally wear a size 7.5 in shoes , but I always have to go up to a 9 or 10 just to make up for this discrepency . Converse are the first shoes I found that are true to size , and I no longer have to go around with floppy clown feet . The shoes are unisex , comfortable for extended wear , and , though they get dirty very easily , a quick wash on the delicate setting in the washer will make them like new again . I have never had to `` break in '' a pair of these shoes like most new shoes require , so my Converse collection will likely continue to grow . I now own a pair in black , monochrome black , navy , pink , purple , and green . As soon as they wear out -LRB- which takes awhile -- I am currently wearing a black pair that I bought in 2005 and wear several times a week -RRB- , I will be sure to invest in more .
 I have been looking for a black pair of Chucks for a long time and I love these shoes !
 Hello , I knew this Converse on `` I Robot '' movie , I was looking for it on internet and finally I found and bought them here , I received it today , I 'm very happy with transaction , It has been clear and really quickly.Thanks and regards from Spain.PS
 THIS SHOES I AM USING TO MY WORK , MY HOUSE , TO GO TO UNIVRSITY AND TO ALL.I AM FROM DOMINICAN REPUBLIC AND I KNOW THAT CONVERSE HAS SUPPERED MY KNOWLEDGE ABOUT SHOES , I RECOMENDED YOU THAT BUY IT THIS BRAND BECAUSE IT THE BETTER AND IT IS BEATIFUL
 Fuer alle die auch ein bischen deutsch koennen.Der Service von dieser Firma ist schnell und perfect.Our next pair of Chucks we will get from this companie again
 the chucks , of course their cool , comfy and fun . I love the color , have n't seen anyone else walking the street with these yet ! My only complaint is that they are a little to big . I usually wear a size 8 and would be pushing it to be in a 7.5 . I want these for comfort so I ordered an 8 . Too long . Looks a little goofy . Order a size smaller than you usually would or they will likely be too long .
 What can I say ? These shoes are insanely comfortable and go with everything . The more worn they get the better they look .
 After being associated with the 50 's hipster and the 70 's hippie , the 80 's punk and now the millennium prepster these shoes have made the journey across time and generation . Made with a canvas material and a rubber soul these shoes stand the test of time and once thier broken in will quickly become your favorite pair of shoes . No matter the winter or the summer you 'll find yourself pulling these out of the closet to pair with your jeans or your skirt . And owning one pair is never enough . A pair in every color low and high is definitly required for the true converse wearer . Buy your first pair today to emmerse yourself in a true piece of history and the future
 I 'm a huge sneaker freak and have to say these shoes are some of my favorites . Comfortable and stylish they look great with my 511 skinny leg jeans . I will always keep a pair of these in my collection .
 Lots of people complain about the forty dollar price for Converse Chuck Taylor shoes but BELIEVE me they are worth it ! I have been wearing the same two pairs of black hi-tops and blue hi-tops since March of 2002 and while they are `` broken in '' they only look better with age and the comfort level is very high.When I bought these shoes in 2002 they were the first `` Asian Converse '' I had owned and I feared that they would n't hold up as long as the Made in USA Chuck Taylors that I had grown up wearing ... that fear was in vain because they have lasted as long as I could have hoped for . I also have a pair of white low-tops made in the 1990 's before production left the USA that I wear on a regular basis and a pair of Converse One Star Low-Tops from the same era which show no signs of wearing out.During the `` Converse will stop production Scare '' before Nike bought the brand I went and bought six new pairs of converse and four of these are still unworn in the box so at age 40 I very possibly have enough Converse to last the rest of my life if the service I have gotten from these black and blue Hi-Tops is any indication : -RRB-
 My grandson loved them , he has a hard time to find shoes , because of his foot size -LRB- 14 -RRB- , so he was glad when I found them.The price on these are very reasonable & fast delivery .
 Great product ! I bought them for my power lifing training and they are great so far !
 I have these shoes in brown . I have been complimented several times on these shoes , and they match everything . I do n't dress for comfort , but these are pretty comfortable . The only problem is that they look old quickly .
 I used to have a pair of Chuck Taylor 's as a kid -LRB- and that was a while ago -RRB- as great cheap knock around shoes . Price has gone up a fair bit , but these monochrome shoes look great ; classic styling , updated a bit.One small caveat ; these shoes have little internal padding and have a lot more room inside than normal software in the same size . The retailer I purchased from mentioned they are about a 1/2 size larger than other shoes .
 Awesome !! Around for years , with no reason to change !!
 the shoes were awesome quality , shipped very quickly , but i guess that style runs big , i usually wear an 11 , ordered that . they were huge , had to send them back .
 I have been wanting these shoes for some time now but when I would go to buy them , they didnt carry my size . People would just tell me that chucks didnt come in half sizes and would want me to by a size that didnt fit me . I knew better went online and got them cheaper and with free shipping . I love the internet
 I bought these for my nephew 's birthday and they were exactly what he wanted . They arrived in the right amount of time and in perfect condition . Would recommend this seller to anyone .
 A great shoe with a classic look . These are nicer for wet days than the canvas and are lasting longer . They look great & are well made .
 These look so nice . I was trying to imagine them in leather when I ordered them for DH 's Christmas present . He wears them all the time and they still look new . He reports they are very comfortable . Loves 'em ! PS I 'm not a kid , just did n't want my name all over the net .
 An old school shoe , with style . How did our feet survive these things ? Oh , that 's right , they did n't .
 I 've been wearing the black , classic low converse for several years now and it came that time I needed a replacement pair . Beals Florida shipped it faster than the other items I had ordered from Amazon that same day . Was definitely worth it for the price , and of course the shoes are one of life 's little necessities for some of us .
 EXCELLENT BUY . I 'M ENJOYING MY SHOES AND I 'M FEELING LIKE WILL SMITH , JE JEEEEE . I RECEIVED MY SHOES IN THE OFFICIAL CONVERSE BOX . THEY ARE ORIGINAL AND TOTALLY NEW .
 Ive worn Converse Hi-tops for 26 years , since I was a 13 year old skater.I saw my heroes growing up wearing them also-The Ramones , Stray Cats , The Dead Boys , etc. & various skateboarders of the 80s & 90s . Theyve been around for decades , & the design hasnt changed much.They are the most comfortable shoe in my opinion , and the Hi-tops give great ankle support for whatever sport or slampit its put thru .
 I love the all black - so far they fit well . We will have to see how they wear in the long run but chucks are usually durable
 Just what you would expect if you owned a pair of these 10 , 20 , 30 years ago , except with a custom peace sign logo on the outside only.They do sure highlight however just how far shoe technology has come by comparison to a pair of ASICS running shoes - in terms of support , comfort etc. . They are 30 year old or more shoe technology.I hoped that logo would be on both sides but the inseam side of the shoe bears the traditional converse chuck taylor logo.Still , 5 stars from my view . They are what they are supposed to be .
 I got these shoes for my boyfriend , and there was absolutely NO other place that had these in his size !! I ordered them , and they came in WAY earlier than I expected ! Even earlier than the shipping expectancy ! Ill buy Chucks from here for now on !
 I got these shows and began to wear them right off to break them in . I have to say if you stand for a long period of time dont wear them . If you are weight lifting with them then they work great . They have no real arch support because they were originally made back in the day before they had arch support . But great shoes !!
 What can I say ? I 've had mine for about 4 years and still wear them . They are quality made and extremely comfortable . They go great with just about everything . They are kinda my go-to shoe when nothing else I have matches .
 The shoes arrived a bit earlier then they were supposed to which was nice . if you followed the chart for normal converse shoes then the size shouldnt be a problem . they are quite heavy but quite comfy . and the plastic is ... . interesting shall i say . id recommend them to people just not friends
 Came perfect without any problems , they were the size I ordered and everything was exactly how it was suppose to be . I bought them for my girlfriend and she loves them !
 EXCELLENT PRODUCT AND GOOD SERVICE PROVIDED BY YOUR TEAM , THEY ARE TRULY RELIABLE AND TIMELY I WILL RECOMMEND THIS PROVIDER AMONG MY FRIENDS .
 I was Larry Bird for halloween and what better way to complete the costume then with Green Chucks ! They were fantastic !
 These converse came just as I expected , since I wear converse I knew what to expect . I usually wear a 9.5 in women but go down half a size in these guys and they fit perfect -LRB- 7 in converse -RRB- . Good price too , cheaper than usual .
 These shoes were exactly what my son wanted for Christmas . He loves them . They run true to size and they are comfortable . He has a hard time keeping the tongue straight on the shoes . When he tightens the laces , it will stay in place .
 My teenager loves these Chuck Taylor 's and he is so happy that he received them for his Christmas present.He says they are very comfortable and they look good with his skinny jeans too!Also a great price too .
 These were a Christmas gift for my son in Kentucky . He is a photographer and does a lot of work with breast cancer survivors and did a photo project with the women before and after treatment . Always wears the pink sneakers so people will ask him why . His other pair was quite tatered so I was extremely happy to find a replacement .
 I knew what I was buying , it was an OK price and it arrived , new , clean and on time . Been wearing them for 50 years .
 My granddaughter asked for these at Christmas . She thinks they are awesome and ca n't wait to wear them to school in the new year .
 I bought these for my daughter and she loves them ! The sizing seems to run a bit big though . She normally wears a 7.5 - I got her a 7 and they fit perfectly . Shipping was quick and price was good .
 Bought as a replacement for kid brother . Item as describe ! Size is true and recommended for teens since shoe does not go out of style .
 These are my sons favorite shoes . He wears them with everything -LRB- including his tux -RRB- and they always make a statement
 I would be very greatful if u can let me know if the white chucks is one size bigger then nornal sizing cause I didnt see the remarks like on the black ones.Thanks
 UPDATE !! Though I did n't get what I originally purchased , Extreme Footwear was wonderful in that they rushed the correct pair to me . Since they were an outside vendor Amazon could n't ship me the correct pair they could only do the return . Extreme Footwear took the iniciative do to that for me and I am a happy customer . The shoes are exactly what we hoped for . More importantly , My son is happy !
 Chuck Taylors are my favorite shoes . I have used them for years because they 're comfortable , casual and have character . I replace them when they get too worn . I 've been buying them online for a while . I found them here for under 40 bucks which was a steal . I received them in just a few days . I could n't be happier with my new chucks .
 My son spotted the basketball shoes he wanted at the mall . I saw the price and I knew I could find them cheaper on line . I have purchased other things through amazon.com and have been very pleased with them in the past , so I thought I would try them first . We found the shoes he wanted for almost half the price . When I saw that I said `` SOLD ! '' It was fast and easy , and they got really fast . We 're happy .
 Shipping was fast and free !!!! I was so amazed at how fast this got here ! I Recieved my shoes 3 days after shipping ... they are very comfortable and cute and go with anything ... DEFINATELY a great find ! = -RSB-
 I love my chuck Taylors . They go well with Jeans or almost anything that I want to wear . Looking to buy the Chocolate next .
 They were a last minute Christmas gift . They came so quickly , the size was normal , the color fun , he loved them .
 I ordered these for my granddaughter 's birthday . They were shippped promptly , and I was able to track them very efficiently . They were exactly what we wanted !!! They are very attractive and wear well .
 As always converse well never let you down with these silver boots ! I love tham and use them all the time !
 These Chucks are comfortable and look even cooler than the regular canvas style . I think I first saw them in the movie I , Robot and got a pair shortly after . It 's been a few years and they 're only showing slight wear . Everyone who sees them likes the leather too . Highly recommended !
 The shoe fit me well , and it came in the original condition - no damages , and it came on time .
 Ive been wearing converse all stars for over 20 years and still love them . Ive also found they make a nice driving shoe because there thin and you can feel the pedals . If youve never had a pair its time to try .
 They looked great when i got them and are still holding up good . This coming from someone that wears out shoes like no other . haha
 ... Chuck Taylor All Stars are good for doing squats . That 's why I buy them . A lot of athletic shoes have a good amount of padding on the bottom , which is fine for running , but while doing squats , makes my feet feel slightly wobbly . The Taylors allow my feet to stay firmly planted , which helps me maintain proper technique .
 This company was excellent to deal with . When we received the shoes , they did n't fit properly . Exchanging them was a breeze and another size was promptly sent to us at no extra charge to us . Very efficient .
 They are a great shoe and my granddaughter loves them . I got them in plenty of time to give them to her for her birthday .
 Quality , classic style , comfort ... you ca n't go wrong with a pair of Chuck Taylors . Great for weightlifting/powerlifting . Thin sole is good for dealifting .
 Good . Cheap . Classical Chuck Taylor allready . Buy them.Enought comment . Remember to pray for the Converse . Kiss you dude.Bye . k ?
 I 'm so glad I brought these shoes for my father because he 's been wanting a pair for so long , so I got them and he loves them . They 're a great Shoe for a great price .
 My grandson is thrilled with his new shoes . A size 16 looks like a boat , but he says they are very comfortable . Good choice .
 Arrived in 2 days.Still the same wonderful shoes I remember from high school 25 years ago .
 I bought this converse for my younger sister that she badly wanted them . Transaction was very smooth , they got here on time , and she was really happy !
 this is the best shoe I have ever bought . I love them and will never go back to pumas or addiadas ever !
 The best shoes ever , but if you use coverse.com to buy your shoes prepair for the SLOWEST loading site you have ever experienced ! Many times I did n't buy shoes because of the speed of their site . I have really fast internet and their site is by far the slowest of any site I use . If you have the patients you ca n't beat the shoes -LRB- I always use the create your own -RRB- I have created some really unique shoes .
 `` Chucks '' are the only shoes that have ever existed . Ever since 1923 , Chuck Taylor All-Stars have been `` just a piece of rubber and canvas '' - they have n't changed one bit from the sands of time . These shoes are devilishly simple , and customizable in every way . Everyone may be wearing Chucks these days , but you can still make them your own . There are so many ways - what color would you like ? One of the core colors - black and white ? Monochrome black ? White ? Red ? Green ? Blue ? Pink ? How about the latest pattern or print ? Every year Converse also pumps out new seasonal colors , and different styles such as double-tongued shoes , `` tear-aways '' , faded looking ones , everything . You can buy different color laces or you can go crazy with a Sharpie and draw up some art all over your shoes . And for something seemingly so flimsy , they 're pretty durable . My shoes have withstood countless running and hitting the asphalt , games of soccer , basketball , jumping from everywhere , the basic abuse a teen can dish out to his feet . Granted , they may not be too comfortable at first , but once your feet gets used to them , well , you do n't even notice you 're wearing them anymore . Nevertheless , it does have some setbacks , but if you look at modern shoes , you can see the differences in design . But for something from over 3/4 of a century ago , you 've got to admit they 're pretty darn impressive . The skinny : PROS-customizable in any way - laces can be easily replaced and be done up in any pattern you wish-look great with anything and everything ; the unisex casual sneaker that will even draw you the occasional compliment from coworkers or friends.-lightweight compared to most shoes of today-so many colors - from your basic core colors -LRB- black , red , green , blue , white , or pink -RRB- to different designs -LRB- 60s tie dye , camo , skulls , flames , etc. -RRB- - also different kinds of shoes - from the classics to the newer double uppers , tear-aways -LRB- shoes with two layers of canvas , and some parts are already torn away to show the brighter underlayer -RRB- , double-tongued , and also DIFFERENT MATERIALS like leather or suede.CONS-the color fades ; especially in the harsh sun . My navy blue Taylors have been bleached to the color of very faded blue denim.-the rubber parts of the shoe can get dirty rather quickly , but are easily cleanable.-overall the shoe is pretty comfortable , but not recommended for prolonged running or a whole day on the boardwalk . It depends a lot on the shape of your foot - if your feet are flat , you 'll find that these shoes are a match made in heaven . Otherwise you may have some issues , but not so bad they 're unwearable.-I do n't know what it is about it , but they make your feet look bigger than they really are.-NOT TO BE USED AS A SKATE SHOE . Converse shoes are made from canvas , which wo n't give you any mercy from runaway boards , and they do NOT have adequate cushioning on the top , bottom , or sides for such an activity.NOTE
 I got a pair of yellow low-tops for Christmas last year and I LOVE THEM !!! They 're about to get holes in them because I wear them so much , and I 'm trying to pick out what color I should get . There 's so much to love about these shoes . There 's like 25 colors to pick from , so there is the oppourtunity to have a piar for EVERY SINGLE OUTFIT . Or , you can wear just one pair , like I do , and mine go with everything . These shoes are breathable , unlike tennis shoes , so your feet do n't get all sweaty , which is nice too . These shoes are quite flat inside , but there 's nothing that an insert ca n't fix . THESE SHOES ARE THE BEST !!!
 I originally bought these to finish off my Tenth Doctor costume , but they 're actually really nice shoes . I wear them often and they are quite comfortable . The only complaint I have is that the colored band on the sole has started to come up on one of them ... It is n't glued to the shoe very well . But for what I paid for them , I 'm willing to let that slide .
 These shoes are fun cause you can wear them different ways . I like to fold them down and only lace them halfway . These shoes are great and they fit awesome , which I understand is a problem with some Converse shoes that are unisex . I am a size 9 in women 's and I got a size 7 in men 's and they fit great . Definitely want them in more colors , but the black is good with everything . Great casual shoe !
 hella cool chucks . . theyre not cheap , good quality . . i was satisfied and so would you be ... one minor problem is that purple passion -LRB- which is the one i ordered -RRB- wasnt the exact color as the one shown ... but its still cool !! i love them
 After searching the malls for authentic Chuck Taylor Kelly Green Hi-tops , with no luck , I wised up and went to the -LSB- ... -RSB- web site , where I not only found Kelly Green Hi-tops for my son , I also used their unique design your own shoes feature , to design a pair of custom high tops just for me . We are both thrilled with our finds . Chuck Taylor 's are the shoe of choice in our household , I even got my conservative , old school hubby into a pair of Chuck Taylor leather Hi-tops .
 Chuck Taylor Converse All-Star shoes are , by far , the best shoes you could ever have the pleasure of slipping your feet into each day ! I own three high rise -LRB- black , pink , orange -RRB- , and two low rise -LRB- green , red -RRB- , and if you are in indecision about getting a pair , GET THEM ! Whether you get the All-Stars or the skateboard style , you will NOT regret your decision ! You can see them all at www.conversegallery.com , so check it out ! These shoes are incredibly durable , and provide comfortable ankle support , making it easy to move aroung as fast as you want ; you have to keep up with the shoes , not vice versa ! These are basketball shoes , so they are great for running , basketball , soccer , and sport you could think of ! Or , they could be just casual shoes . Another wonderful feature is that they are uni-sex , so guys and girls can wear them ! Converse All-Stars RULE !
 My son wanted either red or green Chuck Taylors which are fairly difficult to find . The shoes I bought arrived quickly , were good quality , and were priced very reasonably .
 A shoe that barely qualifies as such , which is what I wanted by the way . This is one of the best shoes for drumming I 've ever worn . They 're light , comfortable , the soles are so thin you can really feel the pedals , yet they 're thick enough to give you protection . Anyone who 's ever drummed in bare feet will know what I 'm talking about . They almost feel like slippers and more importantly look cool especially if you 're wearing a black leather jacket , blue jeans , t-shirt and your name is `` something '' Ramone .
 I have always loved chucks , they are a classic . If you need more support in the arch , you can always add an arch support or insert . For me , they run true to size . A half size smaller is to narrow , since they run narrow in the toe anyway . I have wide feet , so if your feet are narrow , maybe this would not apply to you .
 I would wear Converse every day if I could - they are sooooo comfortable ! They run big , which is good because it helps offset the fact that they are also a bit on the narrow side . But my wide feet have no problem with them . They come in a great variety of colors and patterns , and I have quite a few of them , both hi-tops and low-tops . I love 'em all ... and would buy more if I had the money ! Speaking of which , that 's the one downside to Converse - the cost . You pay for the name . But you can always watch for a good sale ...
 The Converse All-Star is a great looking shoe . The only problem is that they run big in size . Ex . If you wear a men 's 10 1/2 you probably should order a 9 1/2 or 10 . Otherwise you might feel like you 're wearing clown shoes .
 I am in my upper 40 's and shoe comfort is a must . I paired my Chucks with a pair of Sof Sole insoles and they are soooo comfy . I have not tried to run in them or walk a marathon . Not sure I want to take that risk . I boughy my insoles from Sports Authority for $ 15 . They are the gel ones that are super thin .
 this item i had ordered was for my teenage son it was one of the few places i was able to find this on line he was happy i was happy the order was quickly filled 5 stars thank you amazonsincerly bethConverse Chuck Taylor All Star Hi Top Black Canvas
 My shoes arrived in record time , and look just great . I love the fact that they are all black . I have a thing about all black clothing , and these fit the bill . They are extremely comfortable and durable . I have 8 -LRB- 9 if I count the pair that are on their way -RRB- pairs of Chucks and that is because they are great shoes with a unique style . You will love them , too .
 These shoes look amazing . They are definitely legit Chuck Taylors . They are worth every penny .
 arrived in a timely matter and in great conditionpurchased it for a great price in comparison to other sellers
 I absolutely love the style of Chucks but my one piece of advise is to wear thicker socks if you want comfort .
 I 've been wanting Converse high-top tennis shoes for years now , and my husband just recently purchased them for me for my birthday . I have weak ankles from years of hiking , past injuries , etc. . The high top style gives my ankles more support . I only wish they had arch support and then I 'd be in complete heaven . However , these are tops in my book , plus they look stylish ! I love how they stay in style no matter what ! Thanks !
 What else can you say about a sneaker that has been around for over 90 years . These sneakers are simply great !!! I got the classic black high top and am very pleased with them . They are comfortable , durable and stylish . On a hot summer day the do n't heat up like a bread oven , like some sneakers do , keeping your feet cool and comfy . If they do get dirty or funky you can simply toss them into your washer and bada bing like new !!! They offer enough support for me to last for a long day of walking around town or work . One of the coolest things about these sneakers is that they offer a `` back at ya '' response to the more expensive and mostly ugly `` skater '' and basketball sneakers . A great sneaker at a great price . I love mine !!!
 My son absolutely loved this shoes . They came in perfect condition . The best part was I did not have to hunt them down locally .
 So glad they make them in a size 16 . . I do wish there was a larger selection to choose from but after size 13 the selections naturaly dwindle .
 These shoes are great . I value a lightweight , sturdy , hightop shoe for playing basketball -LRB- prison rules style -RRB- with the 11 other firefighters I work with . They require a tough foot , but if you can hack it they will save you some money .
 What else can I say ? Converse 's Chuck Taylor High-Tops have been tried and true for decades . They are comfortable , fun and in my case , red . I am 51 years young and I receive more compliments on these shoes than any other item of apparel that I own . Love them .
 Chances are that if you 're reading this , you 're already an urban hipster or musician so you wo n't really care what I have to say . BUT , I would just like to let everyone know , I tore the heal on mine , and after three months of owning them the sides of the toe are coming unglued . -LRB- Granted I 've worn them everyday since I got them -RRB- Not exactly worth the price , but still a darn comfortable shoe !
 Very smooth purchase , excellent price - the best anywhere and believe me I searched , very fast delivery , really good communication . Thank you
 These shoes are worn very regularly by most of my family for nearly barefoot comfort . We like the colors and the look of them . I like the pink ones , because when I was a kid my mother told me I could be invisible in pink sneakers . I have 2 pairs of the high tops , one pair is 5 years old and while they are limp and a bit faded , the soles are still in decent condition . I also have a pair of the oxfords in raspberry rose which is just a fantastic pink color , and does n't seem to be fading fast . My daughter loves her Skydiver Blue pair.They do n't offer any support and they do run large . But as long as you are n't doing a lot of walking , they are very comfortable and light weight . I use my oxfords as slip ons with the laces tied a bit loose .
 you know the shoe and you know the star . the comfort level is the truth and they feel so good and have much style and Profile then as now . I have bought Chucks all through the years and they are always chill and they got style . real nice , real nice .
 Great pair of shoes with a lot of history . the only crappy thing is that i lost them ... : Cthe shipping was quick and with a low price and yes ... they were not avaliable for super saver shipping ... Highly recommend them for everyone
 I 've been wearing these shoes since I was 12 years old . They are in my opinion the most comfortable and stylish shoes ever made . Unlike other shoes that give way to much support . These shoes sometimes feel like you 're actually not wearing shoes at all . A good way to feel the ground underneath your feet . Great for all occasions but not really recommended in the snow or heavy rain .
 Came fast , look great , a great experience . The fit is amazing , the color is vibrant , and to know that it 's a -LRB- red -RRB- product is awesome . Will defiantly recommend and buy from again .
 Product arrived early , in good condition , and as described . This shoe does run larger than the size you normally wear . I read somewhere to order one size smaller but I ordered 1/2 size smaller and inserted a cushioned insole . It fits perfect and wears nice .
 I got as a casual peice and also to wear to work they are half a size to big but I will live . Great Buy
 I bought these for the sole purpose of weightlifting . Excellent ankle support and flat bottoms without much heel make these an ideal shoe in the gym . These shoes provide very firm footing and i would highly recommend them to bodybuilders on a budget .
 Black All-Star High-tops ConverseHonestly these are the best shoes I have ever owned . I bought a pair for school , and I instantly knew that these were the shoes that would last me through the school year . And so far they have . My dad told me `` You should get the smaller size . '' I asked why , and he said `` You ruin and ware down shoes easy . '' But I have proved him so wrong . It 's been 3 months and not even a single scratch . What I love about these shoes is they do n't try to be special because they already are special . The makers do n't add glitter or sparkles to make them stand out . If you are looking for normal this is the way to go.You should know there is only one word that can describe these shoes
 There are a lot of hard core Chuck Taylor addicts out there and after ordering my first pair I can say I 'm still outside that bubble . They look good and the high top does n't squeeze my ankle or anything like that . The sizing was dead on so do n't order a half size larger thinking it 's a good idea ! My 9 's were dead on . The Chucks are a seasonal shoe I would n't wear them in the extreme cold , or really rainy days . As for soles and support they 're flat . I 've owned Vans and they 're even flatter than that with less support . It might just be I 'm not a kid anymore , or I 've got the wrong type of foot but I 'm not so sure . I 'm expecting these to be my pair of Chucks to last a while because I 'm not gon na be wearing these every day . So , they 're definitely good . . and everything that other people love , but I think I 'd rather wear Vans .
 In that classic converse style -LRB- edgy plum purple color -RRB- tennis shoes.I have wore Converse shoes since High School mid-sixties ; and they have proven more durable over the years!Of course , you have to purchase white pair for summer ; purple or black for winter.Enjoy the wear and feeling of being part of a classic brand !
 How can you go wrong with a pair of classic black Chuck Taylor 's . Just keep in mind that the shoe sizes run BIGGER . I wear and 11 and ordered a pair of 11s . A whole size to big for me . I do n't mind returning , but just keep that in mind .
 Zapatos de linea cl&aacute;sica , deportivos , ideales para el d&iacute;a a d&iacute;a , de extrema calidad . Super r&aacute;pido el envio al casillero en Miami . Compra desde Venezuela
 Producto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % bueno
 I gave this snikers to my 15 year-old son and he loved . It has a juvenile color and it can use it daily , are confortables , the color is durable . Their friends have liked it . I recommend it
 muy buen producto y muy buen vendedor , todo me salio como yo esperava y hasta ahora todo esta muy bien .
 Very good sneakers , the most comfortable ever . And also one of the cheapest ! I 'd like to try some of the new Converse models
 Bought these for him and he enjoyed them . Very flexible and easy on your feet . I own a pair of these myself , and although the sole can get scuffed very easily , it 's still a great shoe in regards to running or when you need black shoes for your outfit . Runs a half size bigger than usual so know your size before you order onlinel
 Bought the book as a gift and the receiver loved it . The item came quickly and as described , great deal .
 These were a gift greatfully received as they are hard to find in larger sizes . Thank goodness of internet shopping .
 An all year kind of sneaker shoe that can be worn from all . Really comfort for every day use . There is a wide variety of colours which can cover all needs
 I bought these for my eleven year old . She loves these , so , I do n't really know how conforable they are because she really cares more about how they look . The price was the same as other vendors . It was just easy to order on-line .
 I love these shoes . Durable , dependable , flexible . I use a different pair for winter weather but for every other season converses always fit .
 Got these for Christmas yesterday and absolutely love them ! I had a pair of Converse that I wore until they had holes in the heels . These are my replacements . Comfy , reasonably priced , look great on .
 We received the sneakers rapidly . They were just what we ordered and at a better price than I could find in the store .
 Already have Chucks in white , which I wore for the b-ball team in high school ... yeah , when Chucks were the shoes to be wearin ' !! Decided to re-live days of Sandlot Black PF Flyers with the magic wedge , make you run faster , jump higher ! But when I got them , they were about a 1/3 size too small and the shoes felt uneven -LRB- one bigger than the other , both still tight -RRB- . Thought I could wear them in and could n't . Chalked up to a loss . Paid less for black Chucks and they fit true to size ! Love these black Chucks ! GREAT PURCHASE !! Wonder what the difference is in the monochrome black . Anyone know ?
 I love these shoes ! I did n't have too wait long . My hubby wants some too = -RRB-
 Who does n't love a good pair of Chuck Taylors ? My manfriend and I are huge fans , so I scooped him up this blacked-out pair for work -LRB- he is a bartender -RRB- . Not only do they look good , but they are holding up magnificently , showing little signs of age , despite all the mixers , juice , and other bar sludge that they see on a regular basis . And because of the canvas , if they do start to smell like the floor of the bar , in the washer they go ! Pricing and delivery on these bad boys was on point and I would not hesitate to get another pair from this distributor again.And , if you do not own a pair of Chucks , get on the wagon and buy a product created in the USA , my friend .
 I Like this Converse Shoes . They are very nice . I will buy again when the need comes . Get it , you will not be disapointed .
 I got them today around the time they said they would be here . The shoes were in great condition inside the box and they were just what I expected to be . I 'm very satisfied with my purchase . I would order from them again .
 I 'm really happy with these Chucks . Seller sent them in perfect condition a couple days before expected . Good Price . Good Purchase . Good Day !
 Shipping was way fast , this is my 5th pair of Chucks the black on black is slick , they breath better than any other shoe ive ever owned and it definitely wont be my last pair .
 Classic perfection . Fits amazing . Looks beautiful . Shipped quicker than expected . Long lasting . This is my third pair of this exact pair . Each has lasted years . Awesomesauce in a box .
 After seeing all the reviews about this shoe , I wanted to actually physically try on a pair before buying to make sure of the size . I love these shoes . They 're comfortable and just great . I just wanted to post about the size difference I experienced . I have been wearing size -LRB- male -RRB- 10.5 for years now . I 've bought many different shoes from different brands and this is always my style . After trying on many pairs of these shoes I finally found my size for these shoes . 8.5 . A full two sizes lower ! 8 was too tight and 9 was a bit too big .
 I have a pair of these and they are my go-to shoe . They are soooo confortable and they go with any kind of jean and never fail to make a statment . I have own my pair of all black chucks for over 7 years and wear them often and they are only now starting to show wear . They are tough and confortable . I will never hesitate to buy chucks . If you do n't find anything you like go to the converse site and create your own . I LOVE the ones I created there .
 I bought these for powerlifting , as an alternative to much more expensive lifting shoes . They are legal in the organization I lift in , and they are exactly what I need . The flat , thin sole is perfect for squatting and deadlifting with stability and safety.I could see durability of these shoes being a problem IF they were worn as an everyday shoe , i.e. , outside , or to work / school . The canvas material is thin , and this is by no means a rugged pair of shoes . But for what I uses them for - strictly in the gym - they are excellent .
 My granddaughter absolutely '' ... had to have , more than anything in the world ... '' a pair of Converse Purple High-tops for Christmas ! Ordered them on 12/19 & they arrived on the 22nd , in plenty of time for me to once again be `` the greatest grandpa in the world '' !
 Got this pair for my girlfriend as I got a pair myself for a themed party we had and well party is over and we are still rocking them
 My husband loved them . Make sure to buy a half-size smaller than you usually wear , as they do run large .
 They 're Chuck Taylor 's . If you 'll like them , you 'll love these . Black high-top sneakers were a great gift for the scene girl with black everything
 I like this product because it was not used.Good product and cheaper than the official site.that is it
 These shoes are a total classic . My son wanted these because they 're the same ones David Tenant wears in Dr. Who . Now I need to order another pair because he wears them exclusively . I would recommend these to anyone wanting a stylish and comfortable everyday shoe .
 I like the retro style of these shoes , very well made and a decent price . I wish the tongue of the show was wider and did not slide around as much .
 Great old school shoes for summer ! They are fun to wear and I get a lot of positive responses from people .
 A great product which i like very much and like all the different styles and colours and different textures and prices
 I really like these shoes . I 've been wearing store brand knock-offs for ages and I finally got a pair of proper all-stars and I 'm so freakin ' happy . They 're more flexible and comfortable than I expected and I 'd say these are comfortable enough to jog in - if I every jogged :P . But yeah , great shoes , and for this price they 're totally worth it.I feel like Dwight from Sin City when I wear these xD .
 It 's a Chuck Taylor through and through . Not much support but I do n't care . These were for my son and he wears a custom orthotic anyway . So we just dropped it in and he was good to go . He wore these with his tux for the prom . He was stylin ' and comfortable . I do recommend going up 1/2 size if you have narrow feet and a full size if you have a medium width because they run a bit short .
 These shoes , Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Hi Top are the ones that I 've looked for all my life.They are extremely comfortable , well made , fit just right , keep you warm in cold weather and cool in the summer . I could n't be happier with this purchase . Please , follow the advice stated in the link regarding women 's and men 's zises.This is very important.Don ' t get confused with other brands or models . I wish they 'd come in different colors , I 'd get one of each .
 I got a pair of converse shoes for Christmas almost 3 years ago , and I have been wearing these shoes almost ever since . They feel comfortable , they look good , and they have hardly any wear on them after 3 years . As a matter of fact , I have them on right now as i am writing this review . . I 'm thinking about buying another pair in a different color just because i love them so much .
 Sneaks came quickly and as ordered . I took a chance as I usually wear size E or EE depending on style , but these D width CT 's fit just fine . Must be the cloth is easier to mold to the foot that those with stiffer sides .
 Converse Chuck Taylor All Stars are not just a fashion statement . Back in the day , they were my choice of athletic footwear -- following in my father 's footsteps -- while starting center on the high school basketball team . For a 6 ' 2 '' white guy with a moderate vertical leaping ability , I did n't have to worry about losing any spring in my step , and I always led stats in rebounds and blocked shots against players wearing the then-ubiquitous Adidas , Puma and Converse `` Dr. J '' hi-tops . In all fairness , and as a disclaimer , 80 % of the opposing team members were white guys , too.Still , though I have absolutely no vertical leap left -LRB- hey . I graduated 24 years ago -RRB- , I still wear these shoes , just because . Like one reviewer pointed out , they 're a great conversation starter . Plus , they 're as comfy as a second pair of feet.At the turn of the 20th to the 21st century , it appeared that there 'd be NO Chucks left at all
 Originally went for 15s as I usually wear a 14 1/2 or 15 , but this was way way too big . Got the 14 's instead and they are actually a little long in the toe . Absolutely no support in these shoes at all , not that I was really expecting any . Just wanted to try them out . They are great as far as outfitting goes ... they go with anything . But , do not plan on doing any major hiking in them . They are casual shoes and are for just that ... being casual ! Overall not a bad shoe though !
 When basketballer Charles `` Chuck '' Taylor walked into the Converse company back in 1921 complaining of sore feet , he started a revolution . He designed a shoe that was to bear his name only two years later . It would go on to be THE most popular sneaker of all time . Over 500 million pairs have been sold worldwide . The popularity of these legendary shoes has gone in waves but people have always come back to Chucks throughout the past 80 years ! And some people , like myself , just ca n't get enough of them , and go on to build a collection of these wonderful sneakers . Nowadays I only wear Chucks , no other sneaker graces my feet . They are so comfortable and good looking , and take it from me , they boost your self-esteem ! Walk down the street in them and you feel ten feet tall . Sounds corny , but it 's true . They 're like a security blanket around your ankles . I absolutely love Chucks and wo n't ever stop wearing them . Do yourself a favour , buy a pair . Then see how long till you get another and another .
 Just what I expected . Awesome . I wear a 11.5 in most shoes and got a 12 here on purpose so I could wear thick winter socks . Even with the socks they are a bit roomy in the toe - so believe that &#34; run a half size large &#34; thing for Converse i guess . Other than that , this Pair of Chucks are exactly right on .
 No hay zapatos mas c&oacute;modos y duraderos que estos cl&aacute;sicos ... Lucen con todo tipo de vestimenta y como dicen , lo cl&aacute;sico nunca pasa de moda .
 I was debating whether I wanted to buy a pair online or just go into a store and buy them there . Boy am I glad I went to go buy them in person ... as other people have mentioned , Converse run a little big so a size 11 -LRB- which I am -RRB- is really a 9 or so . I ended up getting an 8/5 and I have n't worn 8/5 size shoes since I was 13 . You really want to go and buy them in person and completely avoid this problem .
 Good and quick . Love the shoes although it was a bit confusing whether it was hi top or not as it showed up differently on my order form . But it was hi-tops and I 'm happy : - -RRB-
 These shoes are great for walking , good staple for any wardrobe . The hitops are very secure around my ankles and I like the way they feel when walking around all day . They fit great and just feel very solid . Small scratches and scuff marks come off easily with rubber eraser . I got the package three days before scheduled . No complaints whatsoever .
 These arrived much faster than they said they would . Because they are a gift I was pleased by the early arrival.They are exactly what I was looking for .
 I ordered these shoes for a wedding , yeah I know , and paid the extra twenty bucks to have them shipped 2day air . They went from the East coast to the Midwest , and were five miles from my house on Friday , but UPS charges extra to deliver on Saturday . If I had known there would be an extra charge , I would have paid it , but was n't given the option . The shoes arrived on Monday , the day after the wedding . I emailed the company to voice my displeasure , and was informed that I actually received them before I was supposed to ! My advice , great shoes , great prices , just make sure you plan ahead .
 Lamentablemente , A&uacute;n no he recibido el producto que compr&eacute; . Todav&iacute;a estoy esperando respuesta del vendedor . Agradezco hacer lo APROPIADO a fin de saber & iquest ; Qu&eacute; pas&oacute; ? . Muchas gracias .
 The ordering process was easy . The wait was not long . The product was perfect !!!
 What can I say?I love this shoe , there awesome.They made me feel like I was walking on air everytime , I really want another pair of this great shoes.I love them so much , I might just buy 2 pairs lol .
 If you 're into the retro stuff , this really is a great pair of sneakers . People forget how comfy they wear and despite what your friends may think , they do actually still look pretty good with almost any jeans/combats . Whether it 's the hi-tops or this nifty pair , you just ca n't go wrong for $ 30 .
 i love these shoes . i ware them alot . i have three pairs red black and royal blue . one bad thing about them is you can not get shoelaces for them in the stores . i had to get them offline .
 They 're Chucks , what more needs to be said . There is a reason they are still around after all these years .
 The black Chuck Taylor 's are a must have classic for the shoe lover . I own two pairs of them myself , and would never buy anyother shoe . Why ? They 're so comfortable and match EVERYTHING !
 Do what they 're advertised to . I also agree with other reviewers , order a size bigger to ensure proper fit . All in all , come on they 're Chucks !!
 I love my converse ! You should get some too . I love theway they look and smell when they are brand new ! They come in allKind of colors and you can make your own . they have lasted on theMarket since 1935 ! You need to run and your own pair right now !
 This item was a gift . It was received in time for Christmas 2011 . received in great condition . The shoes are super comfortable and very stylish . Great buy ! 2 thumbs up !
 I wear these shoes every day and they are great . Love the colors . Only gripe is that the glue is wearing out around the toes and the rubber is separating from the canvas . Also , do n't wear these shoes on a cold day because your feet will freeze . Other than that , ca n't go wrong with a pair of Chucks .
 My daughter found these at a major department store , the last pair they had and the clerk went to check the sizes and had one 6 and one 8 so she checked other stores and we could not get any . I came home and looked them up and they were basically the same price and they were sent to my door . Now for a dance team she needs another pair and I will just order them from here , so easy ! Thanks !
 My son absolutely loves these shoes ! Great quality , great price , great color , awesome shoe . We are very happy with our purchase !
 Thank you for excellent service and quick shipping . Even with shipping it cost me less for these shoes than atmy local mall .
 I got the shoes well before the date they were expected . Ca n't ask for better service !
 Ordered these online . The first time they arrived we realized we had ordered them a size smaller than we needed . The return process was clear and simple - we mailed them back at no cost and were refunded the entire balance . We ordered the correct pair and received those in just a few days . They arrived in great condition , the right price , the right product , and in the right amount of time . No complaints , only praise for this vendor . Great job .
 A classic shoe and still my favorite after all these years . Ca n't beat the price either with what sneakers cost these days . I no longer use my CTs for working out , exercise , aerobics , running or anything like that and would n't recommend that anybody else do so either . The cushioning is the same as it used to be back in the day , which is to say there is none . But for everyday walking , hanging out around the house , or indulging in a little retro fun these really are great shoes .
 I have been a fan of Converse since the day I saw Will Smith unpack a brand new pair in the movie iRobot . I wanted one for myself , where else amazon is the best place to buy . The Product price is very affordable except the shipping and handling costs . They are a bit high to Sri Lanka . Would be great if they are low too .
 In my opinion those are very good looking and comfortable shoes . And it is a good price too .
 The shoes arrived at the earliest date promised , just in time for their use in a break dance performance .
 These were ordered as a gift in a size 12 . Yes , they had them . The came beautifuly wrapped and arrived within a few days from order . Yes , I waited until the last min to order and they arrived just in time for Holidays . Reasonable and I did n't have to leave my home . Perfect for basketball ! They were well received ! Now , my daughter wants a pair . Love Amazon !
 I have had these boots for about 2 years , I have hiked through the woods , dug 4 ' deep ditches in hard clay , and I take several motorcycle trips every year . I wear these boots almost every day and the sole is barely worn and the insoles are still in good shape . After all this I just polished them with kiwi parade gloss shoe polish to a mirror finish that would make your drill instructor proud -LRB- not an exaggeration they do take a good polish -RRB- . Before I got these boots I went through about two pair of shoes a year , these boots are so tough that they will easily last for another 2 years . I would recommend these boots to anyone that needs a good pair of boots that with little maintenance will faithfully last for years , and for the price can not be beat . I would actually rate these boots at 4.5 stars because they only have one minor flaw ... Just after these boots were worn-in I noticed that the lining on the insole was pealing off , they were easy to remove so I took them to my sewing machine and stitched around the perimeter and they were as good as new and are still in use .
 I switched out my military issue jump boots for a pair of these Bate 's zip-sided Enforcers . The construction is solid , and the cushioning is greatly superior to that in a standard issue military boots . If you 've never worn boots with a zipper , I highly recommend them . The zipper makes getting out the door much easier . I do not know whether or not I would deploy without a backup pair of boots . If the zipper were to fail on these -LRB- in a deployed environment -RRB- , you 'd have a heck of a time keeping them on your feet . For stateside use -LRB- e.g. everyday Police use -RRB- , they are a great boot .
 I have used several types of Snake boots in the past including Danner . These are by far the best on the market . After about a few hours of walking they seem to mold to your feet and are very comfortable to walk in . I am comfortable that they are snake proof due to the quality materials they are made of . The only drawback is they are fairly expensive.I have had these about 6 months now and used them extensively this past deer season . They seem to be holding up well .12 / 1/2011 UpdateHave worn these boots over 100 times since the review above . They are still in outstanding shape . Soles hardly worn at all . In addition they are still waterproof . I have worn these through 2 Turkey seasons and 2 deer seasons.They are the most comfortable boots I own . You will not find a better pair of boots . This in one case of you really get what you pay for .
 PRIOR TO ORDERING THESE BOOTS , I TRIED ON OTHER DANNER BOOTS AT THE DIFFERENT STORES TO FIGURE OUT WHAT SIZE TO ORDER . THESE BOOTS STILL CAME WAY BIG AND HAD TO BE EXCHANGED . ONCE I GOT THE RIGHT SIZE , THE FIT OF THE BOOT WAS GREAT . IF YOU 'RE GOING TO WEAR THE BOOTS ON THE INSIDE OF YOUR JEANS , THE CALF AREA ON YOUR PANTS HAS TO BE QUITE LARGE . IF YOU BUY A PAIR , YOU 'LL KNOW RIGHT AWAY WHAT I MEAN . ANOTHER DIFFERENCE IS THAT THIS BOOT WILL COME UP TO JUST BELOW THE BACK OF THE KNEE -- OTHER BOOTS I TRIED ON WERE MUCH LOWER . HOWEVER , THEY ARE STILL VERY COMFORTABLE . THE BOOT FEELS GREAT AROUND THE ANKLE AND THE FINISH OF THE BOOT IS WELL BEYOND OTHER MANUFACTURERS . EVEN THOUGH THEY COST MORE , THEY ARE WORTH IT .
 Well I got my order today `` Danner Men 's Pronghorn GTX Snake Boot Hunting Boot '' . Man , And let me tell you right now , how comfy these boots are ! When they say that right when you put them on , their comfy ... I 'm tellin ya 'll their right!Well worth the money in investing in your feets when it get out on the trail , Remember ... just like a resturant that we walk in and sit down ... if your not comfy in the first 5 minutes ... your probably not going to be comfy!Guess what ... I 'm comfy lol !!!! Waterproof and Snakeproof ... Hus Boy ...
 As the others have said , these boots are quite comfortable for snake boots . I 've tried other lace ups as well as pull ons and these worked better than the others I have had . Comfortable -LRB- hot , but comfortable -RRB- from the start.However , I do n't like the soles . They are slippery when wet under certain conditions . I am continually on and off a metal truckbed and during wet weather , I really have to watch my footing . If Danner could improve this , I 'd say five stars easily .
 These Boots are by far the most comfortable boots iv ' e ever put on right out of the box!It 's great to be able to hunt the woods and grasslands without having to watch every step!You can get these boots on fast and easy !
 Best Snakeboots you can own ! When the Jackel snakeboot was discontinued , this was Danners only other choice . The Jackel is back now and is on order !! The Pronghorn is much more of a working boot , where as the Jacket is more of a hunting/stalking kind of boot . Lighter and more flexible than the Pronghorn . The Pronghorn is also an inch taller , which gives a little bit more secure feeling out in the marsh and saltgrass . Love them both !
 Very good boots . The only thing this boot needs is a side zipper it is a real pain lacing them up every time you put them on and take them off .
 I 've owned a few pairs of snake boots in the past . They 've always been uncomfortable and quite stiff . I could never even consider driving while wearing them , and every pair leaked after a few outings in the Florida swamps where most of my hunting takes place.I decided to break this pair in on a couple hour scouting trip in a massive swamp . I assumed that my feet could only handle a short hike before they became too blistered to recover by the following week 's opening archery day . Well , I ended up hiking all day . . wore the boots while driving home , and when I took them off . . no blisters.For the level of comfort and waterproofing provided , I highly recommend these boots . If you buy these boots , one small suggestion from my lessons learned ; the first time you wear them , while breaking them in , tighten them up around the ankle a little more than usual , and do not tighten the top as much as you normally would other boots . This will allow the boots to `` break in '' to the shape of your ankle and the way you like to walk .
 My son has wide feet and these fit him very nicely . The quality of them is superb and they are easy for him to get on and off by himself . I want a pair of my own !
 I have had these boots for about 2 years , I have hiked through the woods , dug 4 ' deep ditches in hard clay , and I take several motorcycle trips every year . I wear these boots almost every day and the sole is barely worn and the insoles are still in good shape . After all this I just polished them with kiwi parade gloss shoe polish to a mirror finish that would make your drill instructor proud -LRB- not an exaggeration they do take a good polish -RRB- . Before I got these boots I went through about two pair of shoes a year , these boots are so tough that they will easily last for another 2 years . I would recommend these boots to anyone that needs a good pair of boots that with little maintenance will faithfully last for years , and for the price can not be beat . I would actually rate these boots at 4.5 stars because they only have one minor flaw ... Just after these boots were worn-in I noticed that the lining on the insole was pealing off , they were easy to remove so I took them to my sewing machine and stitched around the perimeter and they were as good as new and are still in use .
 I switched out my military issue jump boots for a pair of these Bate 's zip-sided Enforcers . The construction is solid , and the cushioning is greatly superior to that in a standard issue military boots . If you 've never worn boots with a zipper , I highly recommend them . The zipper makes getting out the door much easier . I do not know whether or not I would deploy without a backup pair of boots . If the zipper were to fail on these -LRB- in a deployed environment -RRB- , you 'd have a heck of a time keeping them on your feet . For stateside use -LRB- e.g. everyday Police use -RRB- , they are a great boot .
 I 've been looking for this specific color and style and went to every athletic shoe store in Phoenix and Las Vegas but could not find it until i happened to look on Amazon . They , of course , had it and i ordered it immediately . It took a little longer than expected to get the shoes but once they were here i slipped them on and they fit like a glove .
 I like these shoes very much , i have bought over 12 pairs of shoes from amazon , and these rank in my top 3 pairs . Very white , very easy to keep clean . I have wide feet , and these are not tight at all .
 The Puma Men 's Roma Shoe is simple but classy , yet good for everyday use . A great selection of colors assures that you 'll find a pair just right to fit your personality and wardrobe . Not only do these shoes look good , but they feel good also . I assure you will be satisfied with these shoes that will make you and your feet smile !
 very comfortable shoe . I have worn these for many years & have many colors . Good with casual or dressy . I was so happy I found the black again . For a long time they were n't available .
 This is a perfect sandal for dress or casual . I needed a navy pair to wear when I am working conferences and these are great . They are comfortable and look very neat with dresses or suits .
 This LifeStride shoe is one of the most comfortable shoes I have ever had - I like it so much I have it in three different colors . Even after wearing it all day my feet are feeling great . You ca n't go wrong with this shoe .
 I had a pair of shoes like these that I wore until they nearly fell apart . They were so very comfortable , and worked well with different types of outfits , including shorts and capris . The only problem , -LRB- which other people have mentioned -RRB- , is that they do tend to run narrow , so I would suggest buying them a width wider than you normally do.For a relatively inexpensive shoe , I think that they are a great value.Addendum
 I know these shoes are made of non-leather materials and usually would not even have tried them because of that . But , once on , they are the most moldable , soft , well fitting and supportive sandals I have . I have a complaint about the black rubber sole and stacked heel - the rubber is too soft and the back of the heel mars very easily . Another complaint is that they are so hard to find ! I have several pairs and will keep looking ...
 I purchased shoes from Overstock.com and the shoes were perfect . They arrived on time and the fit was exact . Will certainly order from the manufacturer again .
 I previously owned a pair of these sandals -LRB- over 5 years ago -RRB- which I really liked , but for some reason they no longer fit confortably . I decided to order them in a wide width thinking that might be the problem now that I no longer wear high heels , but more casual , loose fitting shoes . My new sandals fit beautifully . I can wear them all day long in complete comfort . I 'm really glad I gave them a second try because I really like the style and have always thought them to be an attractive shoe too .
 I do not ususally order shoes but I was very pleased with this purchase and Peltz Shoes . The shoes were shipped immediatley and I received them within 3 days . Would purchase from them again . Thanks
 This is my second pair , in as many years . Comfortable , nice hieght and affordable .
 I have these sandals in five different colors . They are incredibly comfortable yet stylish , and can be worn with slacks or skirts for work or play . Although they are not leather , they look and feel just like it . Great for fashion-minded vegans or those looking for a comfortable , inexpensive sandal .
 Very comfortable and cute shoe . I wear a 9 AA and rarely find great colored shoes in my size . I bought these in aqua and am very happy with the fit and the look .
 I bought four pair of these in different colors . They are the SOFTEST shoes - they just hug your feet and feel like you 've slipped a soft little glove over your tootsies ! ;--RRB- I have long , narrow feet so being able to get them in my size was a plus as well . I am absolutely delighted with them .
 Very cute flat shoe . If your feet tend to swell however I would order a wide width . Other than that the shoe looks great with jeans or capri pants !
 I love these Life Stride Sandals . Can be worn when dressed up or casual . Very comfortable . Planning on purchasing more in several colors .
 I love these shoes and have them in blue , white and black . I find them very comfortable to walk in which I appreciate since I usually need orthodic inserts . fit true to size .
 I love these sandals and am unhappy that they are discontinued . If there are any out there in size 8 give me an email !
 I love this shoe . It 's dressy , but casual enough for every day summer wear , and it 's comfortable for walking around every day . I bought one years ago at a retail store , then when they started breaking down I tried to find another shoe that fit the casual-dressy-comfortable category and could n't find anything else that came close . I found these here , and ordered the same ones I had before , and am very happy about it . Just wish they had the other colors in stock for size 6 !
 Very nice shoe it would be great if this style came in more colors . Shoes are comfortable and sturdy , great for walking .
 My daughter LOVES these shoes . They are so comfortable and very unique . Little Laundry always has the most interesting shoes .
 The butterfly is so cute ! It 's nice to have something distinguishing without having to get a crazy color . I use these shoes for powerlifting as well as everyday wear . I visited the seller 's website and they have a pretty large variety of designs . Would like to see some in kids ' sizes but I could n't be happier with my new Chucks !
 I bought these for my teen girl . She loves them ! They are perfect for any `` big kid '' too !
 I purchased a pair of these boots back in 2000 and wore them until they gave out which took about 6 seasons of constant winter wear -LRB- it was the zippers that finally nailed the coffin -RRB- . I was so disappointed with the local selection around town when I went to replace them , that I decided to try the web and not settle for something that really did n't appeal to me . I was THRILLED to find the same boots I loved at Amazon ! They are ultra warm with Thinsulate , comfortable and tough . They are waterproof right up to the top and in Maine we get some pretty high snow drifts ! They have good treads and no heel to speak of so you are walking completely flat for good balance . They even accomodate my lifts which sometimes makes shoe selection very frustrating for me . You wo n't be disappointed with these great boots .
 These are by far the best boots that I have ever owned . I have mine for 8 years and have worn them through New York winters each year . They run true to size and width and are totally waterproof . They are also stylish enough to wear with anything , including dresses and skirts . I am ordering a new pair now . I wish they came in brown or gray as well .
 very sturdy , warm boot , can feel the warmth instantly as soon as I put them on.true to size.the look of the boot is casual , high shaft.they are made in Canada with good quality .
 These are the best boots for warmth and to keep dry . They are great for wearing with skirts and dresses to keep my legs warm . They lasted me a very long time and never wore out on the outside . I only bought new ones because the foot part inside wore out . They slide on and off very easily . Never even used the zipper . They fit me perfectly for size 8M .
 Awesome !! Around for years , with no reason to change !!
 the shoes were awesome quality , shipped very quickly , but i guess that style runs big , i usually wear an 11 , ordered that . they were huge , had to send them back .
 I have been wanting these shoes for some time now but when I would go to buy them , they didnt carry my size . People would just tell me that chucks didnt come in half sizes and would want me to by a size that didnt fit me . I knew better went online and got them cheaper and with free shipping . I love the internet
 I bought these for my nephew 's birthday and they were exactly what he wanted . They arrived in the right amount of time and in perfect condition . Would recommend this seller to anyone .
 A great shoe with a classic look . These are nicer for wet days than the canvas and are lasting longer . They look great & are well made .
 These look so nice . I was trying to imagine them in leather when I ordered them for DH 's Christmas present . He wears them all the time and they still look new . He reports they are very comfortable . Loves 'em ! PS I 'm not a kid , just did n't want my name all over the net .
 An old school shoe , with style . How did our feet survive these things ? Oh , that 's right , they did n't .
 I 've been wearing the black , classic low converse for several years now and it came that time I needed a replacement pair . Beals Florida shipped it faster than the other items I had ordered from Amazon that same day . Was definitely worth it for the price , and of course the shoes are one of life 's little necessities for some of us .
 EXCELLENT BUY . I 'M ENJOYING MY SHOES AND I 'M FEELING LIKE WILL SMITH , JE JEEEEE . I RECEIVED MY SHOES IN THE OFFICIAL CONVERSE BOX . THEY ARE ORIGINAL AND TOTALLY NEW .
 the chucks , of course their cool , comfy and fun . I love the color , have n't seen anyone else walking the street with these yet ! My only complaint is that they are a little to big . I usually wear a size 8 and would be pushing it to be in a 7.5 . I want these for comfort so I ordered an 8 . Too long . Looks a little goofy . Order a size smaller than you usually would or they will likely be too long .
 What can I say ? These shoes are insanely comfortable and go with everything . The more worn they get the better they look .
 After being associated with the 50 's hipster and the 70 's hippie , the 80 's punk and now the millennium prepster these shoes have made the journey across time and generation . Made with a canvas material and a rubber soul these shoes stand the test of time and once thier broken in will quickly become your favorite pair of shoes . No matter the winter or the summer you 'll find yourself pulling these out of the closet to pair with your jeans or your skirt . And owning one pair is never enough . A pair in every color low and high is definitly required for the true converse wearer . Buy your first pair today to emmerse yourself in a true piece of history and the future
 I 'm a huge sneaker freak and have to say these shoes are some of my favorites . Comfortable and stylish they look great with my 511 skinny leg jeans . I will always keep a pair of these in my collection .
 Lots of people complain about the forty dollar price for Converse Chuck Taylor shoes but BELIEVE me they are worth it ! I have been wearing the same two pairs of black hi-tops and blue hi-tops since March of 2002 and while they are `` broken in '' they only look better with age and the comfort level is very high.When I bought these shoes in 2002 they were the first `` Asian Converse '' I had owned and I feared that they would n't hold up as long as the Made in USA Chuck Taylors that I had grown up wearing ... that fear was in vain because they have lasted as long as I could have hoped for . I also have a pair of white low-tops made in the 1990 's before production left the USA that I wear on a regular basis and a pair of Converse One Star Low-Tops from the same era which show no signs of wearing out.During the `` Converse will stop production Scare '' before Nike bought the brand I went and bought six new pairs of converse and four of these are still unworn in the box so at age 40 I very possibly have enough Converse to last the rest of my life if the service I have gotten from these black and blue Hi-Tops is any indication : -RRB-
 My grandson loved them , he has a hard time to find shoes , because of his foot size -LRB- 14 -RRB- , so he was glad when I found them.The price on these are very reasonable & fast delivery .
 Great product ! I bought them for my power lifing training and they are great so far !
 I have these shoes in brown . I have been complimented several times on these shoes , and they match everything . I do n't dress for comfort , but these are pretty comfortable . The only problem is that they look old quickly .
 I used to have a pair of Chuck Taylor 's as a kid -LRB- and that was a while ago -RRB- as great cheap knock around shoes . Price has gone up a fair bit , but these monochrome shoes look great ; classic styling , updated a bit.One small caveat ; these shoes have little internal padding and have a lot more room inside than normal software in the same size . The retailer I purchased from mentioned they are about a 1/2 size larger than other shoes .
 The shoe itself is cute ! Very bright colorful ... and well pink . The only worry/complaint i have is that maybe its a bit too big ? Maybe the reviews i read after i bought the item scared me making me wish that i would have gone down a size . So instead of an 8 maybe a 7.5 would have been nice ? Well what can you do ... you cant shrink em and they are cute . Im sure i can work it all out ! The delivery estimate of the package was right on time . The seller was awesome ! So all in all its pretty good : P
 Thanks for the service , is very good!The product buy is of good quality , y arrived in the estimated time , I 'm very happy with the service ... Thanks ! and '' Happy New Year 2012 `` Sincerely ; Angel Clark.Puerto Ordaz , Venezuela .
 These shoes are what I was looking for . . but , they do run a little big . So be sure to get a size down from your regular size . I wear 10 1/2 But i could probably wear a 10 or even 9 in this shoe . . They are comfortable and you cant beat the price . . shipping was pretty face as well .
 Greetings , the purchase was made as effective as I have in my hands the product without any sort of trouble . Completely safe.Saludos , la compra fue efectuada de efectiva , ya tengo en mis manos el producto , sin ningun tipo de inconvenientes . Completamente seguro .
 Thank you for sending this fast and correct ! These are my daughter 's favorite shoes and when her old pair finally got holes in the soles she put these on her Birthday list . She unwrapped them and immediately they were on her feet !
 Hi , Can anyone tell me how to buy the item ? I can only select the size or the color , but never both , so I can not buy the item . And I do n't know how to contact the seller . Thank you !
 This is standard issue footwear for anyone who wants the `` look '' of indie rock -LRB- the others are t-shirts that look to be from a redneck bar circa 1978 but really came from a suburban Old Navy circa 2010 and those `` washed-out '' blue jeans that were purchased at the same Old Navy -RRB- . The shoes are grossly unfit for any athletic activity -LRB- I do n't know how the heck I survived playing street hockey in these things as a teenager -RRB- , provide no protection against the cold or stepping on sharp objects , begin to smell horribly after 9 + months of use and have a tendency to have the sole tear away from the rest of the shoe after those 9 months -LRB- if the smell has n't destroyed them yet -RRB- . But their coolness factor will never , ever be replicated by any footwear , past , present or future -LRB- the Roman sandal gave them a run for their money in the 1980s by the garage punk band Thee Mighty Caesars , but that 's another story -RRB- . Everyone should own a pair of these shoes at least once in their lifetimes .
 The Last time I wore a pair of these , my codename was Roadrunner , fastest boy in the universe ... lol.I bought these more for the nostalgiathan anything else.I have no complaints
 The shoes are very cool . And so is the price . Fast shipping also .
 It was here in no time , we appreciate the speedyness especially when your little daughter is expecting it , it came the day it was suppose to ... . maybe one day earlier . Thanks !
 We could not find these anywhere in the stores for under $ 60.00 . I was very happy with the price and the delivery was right on time . They were a gift and it was exactly what she wanted.Thanks , Theresa
 This was one of the smoothest deals I have ever dealt with , and I will do business again in the future . The service was great .
 Very cool shoes , decent price and a very quick shipper . what more could you ask for ?
 ordered for christmas for teen daughter , could n't find anywhere in stores , so thanks ! Appreciated the fast shipping too !
 Converse All-Stars are the all-American shoe , and the black monochrome goes with everything . Seriously ; I 've worn these to the opera .
 I really like these shoes . I use them for weightlifting/running . My only warning is that they run quite big . I had to order 1.5 sizes smaller than I usually do , but they work fine . My first pair got torn up a lot around the lace-holes , but I think that was because they were too big . My current pair has no problems so far .
 i have not to much to say , this product is nice and i like it to much
 These shoes are light and comfortable to walk around in all day . Thier sizing is a little confusing . These run about one size larger than most shoes . I recommend using extra or replacement insoles .
 I stand on my feet for 7 hours at a time in a professional job . This is my shoe w / a walking insole inside I work it out just fine and no one notices I have on sneaks ! I am on my fourth pair and looking for several replacements . Works great w / slacks or khaki pants . -LRB- make sure if you are getting them as an alternative to a ladies dress shoe get the all blk w / the all blk gumsole and all blk laces -RRB- Most dress shoes for ladies are very very uncomfortable even though they are fashionable and this one does both very well . The fact that I can machine wash makes them even more likeable .
 excellent converse all star . the product was well described and satisfied my needs . the shipment has been quick
 Ive worn Converse Hi-tops for 26 years , since I was a 13 year old skater.I saw my heroes growing up wearing them also-The Ramones , Stray Cats , The Dead Boys , etc. & various skateboarders of the 80s & 90s . Theyve been around for decades , & the design hasnt changed much.They are the most comfortable shoe in my opinion , and the Hi-tops give great ankle support for whatever sport or slampit its put thru .
 I love the all black - so far they fit well . We will have to see how they wear in the long run but chucks are usually durable
 Just what you would expect if you owned a pair of these 10 , 20 , 30 years ago , except with a custom peace sign logo on the outside only.They do sure highlight however just how far shoe technology has come by comparison to a pair of ASICS running shoes - in terms of support , comfort etc. . They are 30 year old or more shoe technology.I hoped that logo would be on both sides but the inseam side of the shoe bears the traditional converse chuck taylor logo.Still , 5 stars from my view . They are what they are supposed to be .
 I got these shoes for my boyfriend , and there was absolutely NO other place that had these in his size !! I ordered them , and they came in WAY earlier than I expected ! Even earlier than the shipping expectancy ! Ill buy Chucks from here for now on !
 I got these shows and began to wear them right off to break them in . I have to say if you stand for a long period of time dont wear them . If you are weight lifting with them then they work great . They have no real arch support because they were originally made back in the day before they had arch support . But great shoes !!
 What can I say ? I 've had mine for about 4 years and still wear them . They are quality made and extremely comfortable . They go great with just about everything . They are kinda my go-to shoe when nothing else I have matches .
 The shoes arrived a bit earlier then they were supposed to which was nice . if you followed the chart for normal converse shoes then the size shouldnt be a problem . they are quite heavy but quite comfy . and the plastic is ... . interesting shall i say . id recommend them to people just not friends
 Came perfect without any problems , they were the size I ordered and everything was exactly how it was suppose to be . I bought them for my girlfriend and she loves them !
 EXCELLENT PRODUCT AND GOOD SERVICE PROVIDED BY YOUR TEAM , THEY ARE TRULY RELIABLE AND TIMELY I WILL RECOMMEND THIS PROVIDER AMONG MY FRIENDS .
 I was Larry Bird for halloween and what better way to complete the costume then with Green Chucks ! They were fantastic !
 These converse came just as I expected , since I wear converse I knew what to expect . I usually wear a 9.5 in women but go down half a size in these guys and they fit perfect -LRB- 7 in converse -RRB- . Good price too , cheaper than usual .
 These shoes were exactly what my son wanted for Christmas . He loves them . They run true to size and they are comfortable . He has a hard time keeping the tongue straight on the shoes . When he tightens the laces , it will stay in place .
 My teenager loves these Chuck Taylor 's and he is so happy that he received them for his Christmas present.He says they are very comfortable and they look good with his skinny jeans too!Also a great price too .
 These were a Christmas gift for my son in Kentucky . He is a photographer and does a lot of work with breast cancer survivors and did a photo project with the women before and after treatment . Always wears the pink sneakers so people will ask him why . His other pair was quite tatered so I was extremely happy to find a replacement .
 I knew what I was buying , it was an OK price and it arrived , new , clean and on time . Been wearing them for 50 years .
 My granddaughter asked for these at Christmas . She thinks they are awesome and ca n't wait to wear them to school in the new year .
 I bought these for my daughter and she loves them ! The sizing seems to run a bit big though . She normally wears a 7.5 - I got her a 7 and they fit perfectly . Shipping was quick and price was good .
 Bought as a replacement for kid brother . Item as describe ! Size is true and recommended for teens since shoe does not go out of style .
 These are my sons favorite shoes . He wears them with everything -LRB- including his tux -RRB- and they always make a statement
 These shoes were 20 $ cheaper than the sale price on the converse website . The shoes seem to be authentic . Shipping was fast .
 the shoes are great , they were in mint condition when i received them . i could n't be happier
 My fiance wanted some new converse shoes for his birthday , so I searched the internet for awhile trying to find the best deal , this was definitely it ! It was the best price paired with free shipping , and they came within a week , so that was great ! They 've also held up very well , and he loves them , so they get quite a bit of use !
 I ordered these for my 18 year old son . He LOVES them . Has a purple shirt that he wears with them - bought them about 10 months ago and he has worn them so much that they are almost worn out - that 's how much he likes them . I would buy him more , but he is going into the military soon . Love Lo Purple Chuck Norris Converse ! Thanks Amazon .
 I love my Converse . A Chuck Taylor is always stylish !! And they always look good with casual clothing .
 I am a 20-year-old female , and I was first introduced to Converse All-Star shoes in the 7th grade . Since I was a young child , I have always had trouble buying shoes due to the size of my feet . My feet are small length wise , but none of the shoes in my size are ever able to accomodate the width of my feet . I normally wear a size 7.5 in shoes , but I always have to go up to a 9 or 10 just to make up for this discrepency . Converse are the first shoes I found that are true to size , and I no longer have to go around with floppy clown feet . The shoes are unisex , comfortable for extended wear , and , though they get dirty very easily , a quick wash on the delicate setting in the washer will make them like new again . I have never had to `` break in '' a pair of these shoes like most new shoes require , so my Converse collection will likely continue to grow . I now own a pair in black , monochrome black , navy , pink , purple , and green . As soon as they wear out -LRB- which takes awhile -- I am currently wearing a black pair that I bought in 2005 and wear several times a week -RRB- , I will be sure to invest in more .
 I have been looking for a black pair of Chucks for a long time and I love these shoes !
 Hello , I knew this Converse on `` I Robot '' movie , I was looking for it on internet and finally I found and bought them here , I received it today , I 'm very happy with transaction , It has been clear and really quickly.Thanks and regards from Spain.PS
 THIS SHOES I AM USING TO MY WORK , MY HOUSE , TO GO TO UNIVRSITY AND TO ALL.I AM FROM DOMINICAN REPUBLIC AND I KNOW THAT CONVERSE HAS SUPPERED MY KNOWLEDGE ABOUT SHOES , I RECOMENDED YOU THAT BUY IT THIS BRAND BECAUSE IT THE BETTER AND IT IS BEATIFUL
 Fuer alle die auch ein bischen deutsch koennen.Der Service von dieser Firma ist schnell und perfect.Our next pair of Chucks we will get from this companie again
 Do n't know how many pairs ive owned over the years but I keep buying more . Comfy , stylish and cool to boot . I 'd give a 5 but i wish they werent as expensive ...
 I have worn chucks for several years now and have always been pleased with the shoe , but this was my first purchase from the seller and I am very pleased with the service and quick shipment of the order ...
 Love the shoe . . comfy and cool . . but . . no so happy with the color . . if I bought again , I 'd chose a different color . . but to each their own I guess
 I Loved The Right From The Start.I Bought Them In White Color And They Are Beautiful.I 'm Planning To Buy More In The Near Future .
 I brought this for a gift to my brother and he 's very happy , his really a good shoes !!!
 Great price and delivery for Chuck Taylors . Very happy and so was my daughter !
 This pair of converse was just what I expected ; they were one my son 's Christmas presents . The colors available were more varied than those I 'd seen in local stores and the price was better . This item arrived sooner than promised , too . Needless to say , my son was pleased .
 These Chucks are top of the line , very comfortable , still rocking my cons five years strong , the great thing is you can walk in these cons all day with no discomfort or pain . GET THEM !
 My son loves Chuck Taylor Converse All Stars , and these are so durable ! He wanted the high tops this time , so I got these for him . He loves them , and they came so quickly even though it was during Christmas season rush .
 They came in a timely manner , in the little Converse box . They 're just as the should be
 I love my converse . WHo needs Nike or any of the rest when you have something as light weight and comfortable as converse Chuck Taylor . You can not go wrong with this shoe . They last and last .
 I got mine from a Converse store in a mall near St Louis for $ 20 . I 've had them for 2 and a half years and have worn them everywhere . I ran a 10 minute Mile and a half in them twice for my Air Force PT Test . I 've worn them in Iraq , Kuwait , Arizona , Florida , Washington . they are a part of me . Truly an epic shoe . They 're also a great driving shoe , with a nice rolled heel after some wear , and great pedal feel . Would recommend them to anyone looking for a nice all around , everyday shoe .
 awesome love them as always !! Just a reminder ... get converse two sizes smaller than you usually would :-RRB- ex if your size 9 , get size 7
 What 's not to like about these things . They 're comfortable , simple , and just look good . They can truly be worn by everyone , kids , adults , men , and women . They have been in style for as long as I can remember and I do n't see them going out any time soon . When I go out , I 'm either wearing these or my crocs . My only problem is that I wear them so much that I seem to go through them pretty fast . The good thing is that unlike most other shoes , these still look pretty good all beat up , so I typically wear them till they fall off my feet . Bottom line , you ca n't go wrong with chucks .
 Compr&eacute; un par de estos zapatos hace un mes y estan muy cheveres , fue un regalo para mi esposa y le gustan mucho .
 My neice 's them !! They were her favorite color.Very stylish and comfortable!Would recommend to anybody that likes this style of shoe .
 Very nice shoes , true to size and nice colour . I got a lot of compliments for them . I strongly recommend them to young people .
 Exactly the same as what I was expecting . Size and color was perfect . It is nice to wear with skinny jeans .
 great sneakers ! look great and fit perfectly . can wear with anything!the best for skydiving : -RRB- will definitely buy again , maybe different colors.thank you .
 Buen producto , por el precio excelente , envi&oacute; oportuno , en empaque adecuado , recomendable !! Buen producto , por el precio excelente , envi&oacute; oportuno , en empaque adecuado , recomendable !!
 buy these shoes because they were very comfortable lei really are beautiful but sometimes I use are cute very pleased with this purchase .
 I have wore these since I was a kid , but now sadly these are hard to find . If you are looking for both quality and a product made in the states then these are the shoes for you . The nice thing is that Chucks come in a variety of colors so you can get different ones if you want to have a certain look .
 Could n't find this particular color/design combo in stores , so was very happy to find it here at a great price!Converse shoes run a bit big , so make sure you order a good half to one size smaller than you would wear
 This shoes came in and i feel in love with them , they are in great condition . Just what i wanted and expected ! the color is great . They came in the box and they looked stunning . I totally recommend them !
 This review is very deserving of 5 stars . My boyfriend needed a new pair of chucks for work that matched his uniform ... we do n't wear many other types of shoes . . Love chuck taylors ! 5 stars for fast shipping , and low price . Thanks !
 Chucks are always awesome and this one came in an awesome condition ! My only qualm about this line of converse is that it provides no support as do most converse .
 this product is ok , i recomended , the service is fast , all rigth , the price is the exact . very very good
 Just came back from shootin ' hoops with my new Chuck Taylor Hi Tops . Been wearing them since '64 - as good now as they were then !
 Paid prioty post for this as had no choice . It cost $ 50 . Double the price of the shoes . The shoes above I paid for the slower postage . It cost $ 19 for the three pairs . Was told they would arrive in about 3 weeks . The boots in 3 to 4 days . The boots arrived as said and three other pairs arrived the very Next Day !!!!! Felt totally ripped off in regards to the boots !!!!! '
 Chuck Taylors are just my style !! They look good with anything i wear , and are very comfortable . All you need are some black jeans with a white or black shirt and your good to go !!! My only problem is that people just ca n't seem to watch where they are going , so if I pat dirt out of it , it looks like the color fade 's in that area . But overall great shoe to wear !!! Watch your feet though .
 Ok , I 'm 47 - and a professional female - probably heading back to my 2nd childhood - um - if I ever left childhood completely in the first place?Anyway , I had n't had a pair of Converse Hi-Tops since I was around 12 years old . I had seen some of the more `` artsy '' ones , but could never find my size -LRB- average foot -RRB- when I was looking ... and I knew I would n't be able to wear them to work if they were `` artsy '' Converse - because they are , after all , athletic shoes.I decided to buy the completely black Hi-tops ... and they are great . They are comfortable , even on my 47 year old feet . I really like them a lot . Glad I bought them , and maybe I 'll even see about getting a pair of the Artsy ones ... or maybe a pair in pink ??? Hope you 'll enjoy yours , when you get them .
 I purchased these for my grandson for Christmas - They arrived in plenty of time and were exactly what I ordered . It was all he asked for and he was totally excited when he opened them . He put them on immediately and just kept telling me how much he loved his shoes .
 I have been wearing these shoes for most of my life . They are n't $ 15 . anymore , but they are still worth the money . They are very flat , so do n't forget to get some insoles with arches for them ! You may want to add 1/2 a shoe size for this .
 I absolutely love my red Chucks . They are a timeless look that can be worn with your favorite jeans , tailored slacks , or a mini . And at such a great price , a better buy than the more modern sneakers in the same category . The shoes do run big , so be sure to the follow the suggestion of ordering two sizes smaller than your normal shoe size . I recieved my order from Eastbay within 3 days of purchase .
 No , I am not out on a cross country `` Walk for Peace '' but when I wear these shoes every step I take promotes World Peace . I have a red pair of peace shoes and I bought my mom a pair of pink ones . We love wearing them out together - we are a Mother/Daughter team making a double statement ! Also , we get many comments - whether together or alone . People just love them ! I wish I had these Peace shoes in 3 or 4 other colors .
 No complaints for this gift . They get worn a lot and so need to be replaced occasionally .
 Exactly what I needed , exactly when I needed it . I was in a group who all needed to get the converse hightops , and a few in the group had made online purchases and had problems . I went through Amazon , and had no problems whatsoever . Great information from the vendor .
 I was introduced to Converse All-Star 's -LRB- Chuck 's -RRB- two years ago and they are the best shoes I have ever owned . Before I knew about Chuck 's , I would have multiple pairs of sneakers for different activities , now I have one ! They have excellent foot support all the way up the ankle , the only downside is that the soles have no arch and if you are not already flat footed , they will probably make you that way . They are great shoes !
 I am a teacher and at Christmas time each year I ask for a student 's name of whom the counselors or home health nurses know is not going to havea Christmas because of family finances and/or struggles . Well , this year I was given the name of a student I had in my own class and whom I had already had sucha great connection and loved this kid . To find out they were not going to have a Christmas broke my heart !! Anyway , through some other sources , I was able to find out what this student wanted more than anything , if they could ask for just even one gift for Christmas . The student said they would love to have some REAL Chuck Taylor blue high-tops !! The fake ones they had saved money to buy at a local `` discount '' store fell apart so fast and they felt they had wasted their money.So ... I ordered these for that student and had them given anonymously . Let me tell you ... when that student entered my classroom the very morning after the y received these surprise gifted shoes ... that kid was so excited to show me , so happy in general , so excited to see everyone and openly socialize with head held high . Wow ... what great things these shoes did for this student in far more ways thanjust keep their feet dry My heart was fulfilled and this student will forever remember these shoes , I am certain !!
 very good purchase for my daughter , she had a pair before and she would n't take them off unless she went to sleep so they worn out in almost 3 years , so i got this new pair for her for xmas , i 'm sure she 's gon na love them.perfect sizing and quality .
 These were a favorite of mine growing up . The quality seems a tad better these days than when I was growing up . They 're not as comfortable asjogging or walking shoes , but there is a certain casual nostalgia when wearing them . These are not uncomfortable shoes mind you . If youare accustomed to High tech arch support and cushioned soles , these are not the shoes for you . But if you are looking for a basic shoe for youreveryday wear & tear , that have the nostalgic look of the late 50 's -60 's , look no further .
 I am on my third pair of converse , and I LOVE it to bits . They 're reliable -LRB- My first pair lasted 2 years , i was reluctant to buy another since it broke in -RRB- , last forever -LRB- you know , 2 years is a lot considering the other cheap China made crappy shoes -RRB- , and when you break them in , they 're heaven to your feet . One thing though , if you are going to use it for exercising , bad idea . Some Dr.Scholl 's slip-ins might make it more bearable . Overall , comfort 8/10 and style 10/10 . Customizable 10/10 . Great buy !
 Mono-Black Chucks are amazing utility shoes . I wear mine when : * working -LRB- with tie -RRB- * sledding * partying * hiking * gardening * attending black tie formal events -LRB- yes really -RRB- Ironically , the thing Chucks are bad for is the shoe 's original intended purpose
 These shoes are great for the price . They are light and they let your feet breathe easily . Only con is there is no arch support so after wearing the for a while my feet hurt badly .
 These shoes are great , they can be worn down with jeans and a tee or worn with nice dress clothes.I 'm getting the ones in pink.Get these shoes if considering.Very comfy also -LSB- Holla Back -RSB-
 Thank Heavens for those dear sweet chaps at Converse who years and years ago crafted this high-performance , foot-contouring , ankle hugging canvas shoe . Also available in the more contemporary leather versions , Converse All-Star Chuck Taylors ' are the most brilliant shoes known to -LRB- wo -RRB- man ... I 'm on stage a lot , so jumping around in these baby 's is a cinche - and when considering other stylish options -LRB- heels , clogs , cross trainers without the well needed ventalation that my feet so honestly deserve ? -RRB- , I 'm afraid that no one even seems to come close to Chuck 's humble design . I own a low cut pair in Orange Popsicle , two high cut pairs in Pink and Black and am in the processes of purchasing a pair of black leather boot-cut chuck taylors ... honestly , not any other shoes could provide as much daily wear and tear as these Chuck Taylors !! And , as an added bonus , they can be worn casually or dressed up with some tailored pants or flashy jeans for a night-time look ... I can not emphasise enough my dedication to these shoes - buy a pair , people , these old faithful 's will not let you down . I LOVE UNISEX SHOES !
 After being associated with the 50 's hipster and the 70 's hippie , the 80 's punk and now the millennium prepster these shoes have made the journey across time and generation . Made with a canvas material and a rubber soul these shoes stand the test of time and once thier broken in will quickly become your favorite pair of shoes . No matter the winter or the summer you 'll find yourself pulling these out of the closet to pair with your jeans or your skirt . And owning one pair is never enough . A pair in every color low and high is definitly required for the true converse wearer . Buy your first pair today to emmerse yourself in a true piece of history and the future
 The shoes ordered on this web site are satisfactory . Thanks for sending the order promptly and in perfect condition .
 The shoes are great , and the shipping time was reasonable , as was the price . A warning
 It 's the first time when I bought this type of shoe , but I 'm telling you , I love it ; comfortable , cool , nice , I ca n't take eyes off them ; Yes I 'm talking about `` CONVERSE '' by Chuck Taylor , baby .
 I have every color known to man , and am always looking for more . I teach , so I am on my feet all day ; I 'm comfy and happy in my Converse All Stars ! I must say that in my old age -LRB- 40 -RRB- I prefer the lo tops over the hi tops .
 Converse 's are classic . they are the shoes people are always going to wear . i like the high tops better though
 This was a very good deal and was a fast delivery . I highly recommend this seller to all .
 It is nice to slip in to a new shoe and get the feel of a firm but comfortable fit . Lots of value here for the money.In my size they look like navy gunboats ... and I love them !
 I was so happy with this purchase . I purchased this just days before Christmas . These came on time and were exactly what I wanted . Thanks for the great service .
 I 've never seen such a great selection of Chuck Taylor High Tops . I think this is my 5th pair . They have such great designs , nothing you would ever find in a department store . The shipping is always fast and my order has always been correct . I highly recommend this vendor !
 -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B000FAI9X0 Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Hi Top red high top tennis shoes.They were just what the kid wanted , and they fit . He has been wearing them daily . Great!Vazel
 Love these converse shoes.They are a great shade of red , have already got a lot of comments on them.Thanks Chuck !
 We have found that by shopping on Amazon we are able to obtain all manner of items that we would not be able to purchase normally . My husband is 6 ' 6 '' tall and is a big man with big feet as you would expect . He wanted to buy these particular shoes as they were something that he had worn in his childhood and loved so much . We were not able to buy these in Australia without actually having them especially made . Phil 's foot size is normally 14 wide , so we opted for the size 15 US . Absolutely perfect and for a very reasonable price.We are very happy and even though some items are way out of our purchase league due to the varying shipping costs , we are still very fortunate to have discovered Amazon .
 These all black Chuck 's are my favorite All Star model ! It is no small task to find them at a regular retail store-most often your best bet is to buy online . They shipped in a timely fashion . Great Kicks , good deal .
 We bought the Chuck Taylor high tops for our 14 year old daughter for Christmas . The mall had the same produce for $ 85.00 ! We cut our cost almost in half , and she was THRILLED with the gift ! Great service . Great product . Great results . Her response ? `` Now I need to go get them dirty ! ''
 I enjoy my purple chucks a lot . I get lots of comments on them when I where them . It is fun to see peoples reactions .
 This was the second time we ordered Pink Converse Shoes for my daughter , the first time I did n't get the size right . I returned them to `` Shoes R Us '' I think it was called and they took care of my mistake very quickly . Unfortunately they did n't have the size I needed so I ordered a replacement pair from Last Pairs . They came quickly , fit perfectly and were reasonably priced , the same as our local mall , without the hassle ! Very good experience overall , would recommend .
 Lord , could Converse have got it any more right ? One thinks not . The Converse All Star Chuck Taylor canvas shoes are everything one could need from a shoe and more . They are stylish , available in colours that vary from orange to pink , the more comtemporary leather versions , low cut and high cut . These baby 's contour the foot so well , it 's almost like walking on air ! The canvas hugs the ankles , providing support ... but the most important features of the shoes are that they are unisex -LRB- they look great on guys and girls -RRB- and they can be dressed down with jeans , or elegantly dressed up with a pair of tailored pants . These shoes are definitely to die for .
 I love these shoes . Durable , dependable , flexible . I use a different pair for winter weather but for every other season converses always fit .
 Got these for Christmas yesterday and absolutely love them ! I had a pair of Converse that I wore until they had holes in the heels . These are my replacements . Comfy , reasonably priced , look great on .
 We received the sneakers rapidly . They were just what we ordered and at a better price than I could find in the store .
 Already have Chucks in white , which I wore for the b-ball team in high school ... yeah , when Chucks were the shoes to be wearin ' !! Decided to re-live days of Sandlot Black PF Flyers with the magic wedge , make you run faster , jump higher ! But when I got them , they were about a 1/3 size too small and the shoes felt uneven -LRB- one bigger than the other , both still tight -RRB- . Thought I could wear them in and could n't . Chalked up to a loss . Paid less for black Chucks and they fit true to size ! Love these black Chucks ! GREAT PURCHASE !! Wonder what the difference is in the monochrome black . Anyone know ?
 I love these shoes ! I did n't have too wait long . My hubby wants some too = -RRB-
 Who does n't love a good pair of Chuck Taylors ? My manfriend and I are huge fans , so I scooped him up this blacked-out pair for work -LRB- he is a bartender -RRB- . Not only do they look good , but they are holding up magnificently , showing little signs of age , despite all the mixers , juice , and other bar sludge that they see on a regular basis . And because of the canvas , if they do start to smell like the floor of the bar , in the washer they go ! Pricing and delivery on these bad boys was on point and I would not hesitate to get another pair from this distributor again.And , if you do not own a pair of Chucks , get on the wagon and buy a product created in the USA , my friend .
 I Like this Converse Shoes . They are very nice . I will buy again when the need comes . Get it , you will not be disapointed .
 I got them today around the time they said they would be here . The shoes were in great condition inside the box and they were just what I expected to be . I 'm very satisfied with my purchase . I would order from them again .
 I 'm really happy with these Chucks . Seller sent them in perfect condition a couple days before expected . Good Price . Good Purchase . Good Day !
 Shipping was way fast , this is my 5th pair of Chucks the black on black is slick , they breath better than any other shoe ive ever owned and it definitely wont be my last pair .
 These shoes are a total classic . My son wanted these because they 're the same ones David Tenant wears in Dr. Who . Now I need to order another pair because he wears them exclusively . I would recommend these to anyone wanting a stylish and comfortable everyday shoe .
 I like the retro style of these shoes , very well made and a decent price . I wish the tongue of the show was wider and did not slide around as much .
 Great old school shoes for summer ! They are fun to wear and I get a lot of positive responses from people .
 A great product which i like very much and like all the different styles and colours and different textures and prices
 I really like these shoes . I 've been wearing store brand knock-offs for ages and I finally got a pair of proper all-stars and I 'm so freakin ' happy . They 're more flexible and comfortable than I expected and I 'd say these are comfortable enough to jog in - if I every jogged :P . But yeah , great shoes , and for this price they 're totally worth it.I feel like Dwight from Sin City when I wear these xD .
 It 's a Chuck Taylor through and through . Not much support but I do n't care . These were for my son and he wears a custom orthotic anyway . So we just dropped it in and he was good to go . He wore these with his tux for the prom . He was stylin ' and comfortable . I do recommend going up 1/2 size if you have narrow feet and a full size if you have a medium width because they run a bit short .
 These shoes , Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Hi Top are the ones that I 've looked for all my life.They are extremely comfortable , well made , fit just right , keep you warm in cold weather and cool in the summer . I could n't be happier with this purchase . Please , follow the advice stated in the link regarding women 's and men 's zises.This is very important.Don ' t get confused with other brands or models . I wish they 'd come in different colors , I 'd get one of each .
 I got a pair of converse shoes for Christmas almost 3 years ago , and I have been wearing these shoes almost ever since . They feel comfortable , they look good , and they have hardly any wear on them after 3 years . As a matter of fact , I have them on right now as i am writing this review . . I 'm thinking about buying another pair in a different color just because i love them so much .
 Sneaks came quickly and as ordered . I took a chance as I usually wear size E or EE depending on style , but these D width CT 's fit just fine . Must be the cloth is easier to mold to the foot that those with stiffer sides .
 Classic perfection . Fits amazing . Looks beautiful . Shipped quicker than expected . Long lasting . This is my third pair of this exact pair . Each has lasted years . Awesomesauce in a box .
 After seeing all the reviews about this shoe , I wanted to actually physically try on a pair before buying to make sure of the size . I love these shoes . They 're comfortable and just great . I just wanted to post about the size difference I experienced . I have been wearing size -LRB- male -RRB- 10.5 for years now . I 've bought many different shoes from different brands and this is always my style . After trying on many pairs of these shoes I finally found my size for these shoes . 8.5 . A full two sizes lower ! 8 was too tight and 9 was a bit too big .
 I have a pair of these and they are my go-to shoe . They are soooo confortable and they go with any kind of jean and never fail to make a statment . I have own my pair of all black chucks for over 7 years and wear them often and they are only now starting to show wear . They are tough and confortable . I will never hesitate to buy chucks . If you do n't find anything you like go to the converse site and create your own . I LOVE the ones I created there .
 I bought these for powerlifting , as an alternative to much more expensive lifting shoes . They are legal in the organization I lift in , and they are exactly what I need . The flat , thin sole is perfect for squatting and deadlifting with stability and safety.I could see durability of these shoes being a problem IF they were worn as an everyday shoe , i.e. , outside , or to work / school . The canvas material is thin , and this is by no means a rugged pair of shoes . But for what I uses them for - strictly in the gym - they are excellent .
 My granddaughter absolutely '' ... had to have , more than anything in the world ... '' a pair of Converse Purple High-tops for Christmas ! Ordered them on 12/19 & they arrived on the 22nd , in plenty of time for me to once again be `` the greatest grandpa in the world '' !
 Got this pair for my girlfriend as I got a pair myself for a themed party we had and well party is over and we are still rocking them
 My husband loved them . Make sure to buy a half-size smaller than you usually wear , as they do run large .
 They 're Chuck Taylor 's . If you 'll like them , you 'll love these . Black high-top sneakers were a great gift for the scene girl with black everything
 I like this product because it was not used.Good product and cheaper than the official site.that is it
 Converse Chuck Taylor All Stars are not just a fashion statement . Back in the day , they were my choice of athletic footwear -- following in my father 's footsteps -- while starting center on the high school basketball team . For a 6 ' 2 '' white guy with a moderate vertical leaping ability , I did n't have to worry about losing any spring in my step , and I always led stats in rebounds and blocked shots against players wearing the then-ubiquitous Adidas , Puma and Converse `` Dr. J '' hi-tops . In all fairness , and as a disclaimer , 80 % of the opposing team members were white guys , too.Still , though I have absolutely no vertical leap left -LRB- hey . I graduated 24 years ago -RRB- , I still wear these shoes , just because . Like one reviewer pointed out , they 're a great conversation starter . Plus , they 're as comfy as a second pair of feet.At the turn of the 20th to the 21st century , it appeared that there 'd be NO Chucks left at all
 Originally went for 15s as I usually wear a 14 1/2 or 15 , but this was way way too big . Got the 14 's instead and they are actually a little long in the toe . Absolutely no support in these shoes at all , not that I was really expecting any . Just wanted to try them out . They are great as far as outfitting goes ... they go with anything . But , do not plan on doing any major hiking in them . They are casual shoes and are for just that ... being casual ! Overall not a bad shoe though !
 When basketballer Charles `` Chuck '' Taylor walked into the Converse company back in 1921 complaining of sore feet , he started a revolution . He designed a shoe that was to bear his name only two years later . It would go on to be THE most popular sneaker of all time . Over 500 million pairs have been sold worldwide . The popularity of these legendary shoes has gone in waves but people have always come back to Chucks throughout the past 80 years ! And some people , like myself , just ca n't get enough of them , and go on to build a collection of these wonderful sneakers . Nowadays I only wear Chucks , no other sneaker graces my feet . They are so comfortable and good looking , and take it from me , they boost your self-esteem ! Walk down the street in them and you feel ten feet tall . Sounds corny , but it 's true . They 're like a security blanket around your ankles . I absolutely love Chucks and wo n't ever stop wearing them . Do yourself a favour , buy a pair . Then see how long till you get another and another .
 Just what I expected . Awesome . I wear a 11.5 in most shoes and got a 12 here on purpose so I could wear thick winter socks . Even with the socks they are a bit roomy in the toe - so believe that &#34; run a half size large &#34; thing for Converse i guess . Other than that , this Pair of Chucks are exactly right on .
 No hay zapatos mas c&oacute;modos y duraderos que estos cl&aacute;sicos ... Lucen con todo tipo de vestimenta y como dicen , lo cl&aacute;sico nunca pasa de moda .
 I was debating whether I wanted to buy a pair online or just go into a store and buy them there . Boy am I glad I went to go buy them in person ... as other people have mentioned , Converse run a little big so a size 11 -LRB- which I am -RRB- is really a 9 or so . I ended up getting an 8/5 and I have n't worn 8/5 size shoes since I was 13 . You really want to go and buy them in person and completely avoid this problem .
 Good and quick . Love the shoes although it was a bit confusing whether it was hi top or not as it showed up differently on my order form . But it was hi-tops and I 'm happy : - -RRB-
 These shoes are great for walking , good staple for any wardrobe . The hitops are very secure around my ankles and I like the way they feel when walking around all day . They fit great and just feel very solid . Small scratches and scuff marks come off easily with rubber eraser . I got the package three days before scheduled . No complaints whatsoever .
 If you 're into the retro stuff , this really is a great pair of sneakers . People forget how comfy they wear and despite what your friends may think , they do actually still look pretty good with almost any jeans/combats . Whether it 's the hi-tops or this nifty pair , you just ca n't go wrong for $ 30 .
 i love these shoes . i ware them alot . i have three pairs red black and royal blue . one bad thing about them is you can not get shoelaces for them in the stores . i had to get them offline .
 They 're Chucks , what more needs to be said . There is a reason they are still around after all these years .
 The black Chuck Taylor 's are a must have classic for the shoe lover . I own two pairs of them myself , and would never buy anyother shoe . Why ? They 're so comfortable and match EVERYTHING !
 Do what they 're advertised to . I also agree with other reviewers , order a size bigger to ensure proper fit . All in all , come on they 're Chucks !!
 I love my converse ! You should get some too . I love theway they look and smell when they are brand new ! They come in allKind of colors and you can make your own . they have lasted on theMarket since 1935 ! You need to run and your own pair right now !
 This item was a gift . It was received in time for Christmas 2011 . received in great condition . The shoes are super comfortable and very stylish . Great buy ! 2 thumbs up !
 I wear these shoes every day and they are great . Love the colors . Only gripe is that the glue is wearing out around the toes and the rubber is separating from the canvas . Also , do n't wear these shoes on a cold day because your feet will freeze . Other than that , ca n't go wrong with a pair of Chucks .
 My daughter found these at a major department store , the last pair they had and the clerk went to check the sizes and had one 6 and one 8 so she checked other stores and we could not get any . I came home and looked them up and they were basically the same price and they were sent to my door . Now for a dance team she needs another pair and I will just order them from here , so easy ! Thanks !
 My son absolutely loves these shoes ! Great quality , great price , great color , awesome shoe . We are very happy with our purchase !
 Thank you for excellent service and quick shipping . Even with shipping it cost me less for these shoes than atmy local mall .
 I got the shoes well before the date they were expected . Ca n't ask for better service !
 Ordered these online . The first time they arrived we realized we had ordered them a size smaller than we needed . The return process was clear and simple - we mailed them back at no cost and were refunded the entire balance . We ordered the correct pair and received those in just a few days . They arrived in great condition , the right price , the right product , and in the right amount of time . No complaints , only praise for this vendor . Great job .
 A classic shoe and still my favorite after all these years . Ca n't beat the price either with what sneakers cost these days . I no longer use my CTs for working out , exercise , aerobics , running or anything like that and would n't recommend that anybody else do so either . The cushioning is the same as it used to be back in the day , which is to say there is none . But for everyday walking , hanging out around the house , or indulging in a little retro fun these really are great shoes .
 I have been a fan of Converse since the day I saw Will Smith unpack a brand new pair in the movie iRobot . I wanted one for myself , where else amazon is the best place to buy . The Product price is very affordable except the shipping and handling costs . They are a bit high to Sri Lanka . Would be great if they are low too .
 In my opinion those are very good looking and comfortable shoes . And it is a good price too .
 The shoes arrived at the earliest date promised , just in time for their use in a break dance performance .
 These were ordered as a gift in a size 12 . Yes , they had them . The came beautifuly wrapped and arrived within a few days from order . Yes , I waited until the last min to order and they arrived just in time for Holidays . Reasonable and I did n't have to leave my home . Perfect for basketball ! They were well received ! Now , my daughter wants a pair . Love Amazon !
 These arrived much faster than they said they would . Because they are a gift I was pleased by the early arrival.They are exactly what I was looking for .
 I ordered these shoes for a wedding , yeah I know , and paid the extra twenty bucks to have them shipped 2day air . They went from the East coast to the Midwest , and were five miles from my house on Friday , but UPS charges extra to deliver on Saturday . If I had known there would be an extra charge , I would have paid it , but was n't given the option . The shoes arrived on Monday , the day after the wedding . I emailed the company to voice my displeasure , and was informed that I actually received them before I was supposed to ! My advice , great shoes , great prices , just make sure you plan ahead .
 Lamentablemente , A&uacute;n no he recibido el producto que compr&eacute; . Todav&iacute;a estoy esperando respuesta del vendedor . Agradezco hacer lo APROPIADO a fin de saber & iquest ; Qu&eacute; pas&oacute; ? . Muchas gracias .
 The ordering process was easy . The wait was not long . The product was perfect !!!
 What can I say?I love this shoe , there awesome.They made me feel like I was walking on air everytime , I really want another pair of this great shoes.I love them so much , I might just buy 2 pairs lol .
 I have always loved chucks , they are a classic . If you need more support in the arch , you can always add an arch support or insert . For me , they run true to size . A half size smaller is to narrow , since they run narrow in the toe anyway . I have wide feet , so if your feet are narrow , maybe this would not apply to you .
 I would wear Converse every day if I could - they are sooooo comfortable ! They run big , which is good because it helps offset the fact that they are also a bit on the narrow side . But my wide feet have no problem with them . They come in a great variety of colors and patterns , and I have quite a few of them , both hi-tops and low-tops . I love 'em all ... and would buy more if I had the money ! Speaking of which , that 's the one downside to Converse - the cost . You pay for the name . But you can always watch for a good sale ...
 The Converse All-Star is a great looking shoe . The only problem is that they run big in size . Ex . If you wear a men 's 10 1/2 you probably should order a 9 1/2 or 10 . Otherwise you might feel like you 're wearing clown shoes .
 I am in my upper 40 's and shoe comfort is a must . I paired my Chucks with a pair of Sof Sole insoles and they are soooo comfy . I have not tried to run in them or walk a marathon . Not sure I want to take that risk . I boughy my insoles from Sports Authority for $ 15 . They are the gel ones that are super thin .
 this item i had ordered was for my teenage son it was one of the few places i was able to find this on line he was happy i was happy the order was quickly filled 5 stars thank you amazonsincerly bethConverse Chuck Taylor All Star Hi Top Black Canvas
 My shoes arrived in record time , and look just great . I love the fact that they are all black . I have a thing about all black clothing , and these fit the bill . They are extremely comfortable and durable . I have 8 -LRB- 9 if I count the pair that are on their way -RRB- pairs of Chucks and that is because they are great shoes with a unique style . You will love them , too .
 These shoes look amazing . They are definitely legit Chuck Taylors . They are worth every penny .
 arrived in a timely matter and in great conditionpurchased it for a great price in comparison to other sellers
 I absolutely love the style of Chucks but my one piece of advise is to wear thicker socks if you want comfort .
 `` Chucks '' are the only shoes that have ever existed . Ever since 1923 , Chuck Taylor All-Stars have been `` just a piece of rubber and canvas '' - they have n't changed one bit from the sands of time . These shoes are devilishly simple , and customizable in every way . Everyone may be wearing Chucks these days , but you can still make them your own . There are so many ways - what color would you like ? One of the core colors - black and white ? Monochrome black ? White ? Red ? Green ? Blue ? Pink ? How about the latest pattern or print ? Every year Converse also pumps out new seasonal colors , and different styles such as double-tongued shoes , `` tear-aways '' , faded looking ones , everything . You can buy different color laces or you can go crazy with a Sharpie and draw up some art all over your shoes . And for something seemingly so flimsy , they 're pretty durable . My shoes have withstood countless running and hitting the asphalt , games of soccer , basketball , jumping from everywhere , the basic abuse a teen can dish out to his feet . Granted , they may not be too comfortable at first , but once your feet gets used to them , well , you do n't even notice you 're wearing them anymore . Nevertheless , it does have some setbacks , but if you look at modern shoes , you can see the differences in design . But for something from over 3/4 of a century ago , you 've got to admit they 're pretty darn impressive . The skinny : PROS-customizable in any way - laces can be easily replaced and be done up in any pattern you wish-look great with anything and everything ; the unisex casual sneaker that will even draw you the occasional compliment from coworkers or friends.-lightweight compared to most shoes of today-so many colors - from your basic core colors -LRB- black , red , green , blue , white , or pink -RRB- to different designs -LRB- 60s tie dye , camo , skulls , flames , etc. -RRB- - also different kinds of shoes - from the classics to the newer double uppers , tear-aways -LRB- shoes with two layers of canvas , and some parts are already torn away to show the brighter underlayer -RRB- , double-tongued , and also DIFFERENT MATERIALS like leather or suede.CONS-the color fades ; especially in the harsh sun . My navy blue Taylors have been bleached to the color of very faded blue denim.-the rubber parts of the shoe can get dirty rather quickly , but are easily cleanable.-overall the shoe is pretty comfortable , but not recommended for prolonged running or a whole day on the boardwalk . It depends a lot on the shape of your foot - if your feet are flat , you 'll find that these shoes are a match made in heaven . Otherwise you may have some issues , but not so bad they 're unwearable.-I do n't know what it is about it , but they make your feet look bigger than they really are.-NOT TO BE USED AS A SKATE SHOE . Converse shoes are made from canvas , which wo n't give you any mercy from runaway boards , and they do NOT have adequate cushioning on the top , bottom , or sides for such an activity.NOTE
 I got a pair of yellow low-tops for Christmas last year and I LOVE THEM !!! They 're about to get holes in them because I wear them so much , and I 'm trying to pick out what color I should get . There 's so much to love about these shoes . There 's like 25 colors to pick from , so there is the oppourtunity to have a piar for EVERY SINGLE OUTFIT . Or , you can wear just one pair , like I do , and mine go with everything . These shoes are breathable , unlike tennis shoes , so your feet do n't get all sweaty , which is nice too . These shoes are quite flat inside , but there 's nothing that an insert ca n't fix . THESE SHOES ARE THE BEST !!!
 I originally bought these to finish off my Tenth Doctor costume , but they 're actually really nice shoes . I wear them often and they are quite comfortable . The only complaint I have is that the colored band on the sole has started to come up on one of them ... It is n't glued to the shoe very well . But for what I paid for them , I 'm willing to let that slide .
 These shoes are fun cause you can wear them different ways . I like to fold them down and only lace them halfway . These shoes are great and they fit awesome , which I understand is a problem with some Converse shoes that are unisex . I am a size 9 in women 's and I got a size 7 in men 's and they fit great . Definitely want them in more colors , but the black is good with everything . Great casual shoe !
 hella cool chucks . . theyre not cheap , good quality . . i was satisfied and so would you be ... one minor problem is that purple passion -LRB- which is the one i ordered -RRB- wasnt the exact color as the one shown ... but its still cool !! i love them
 After searching the malls for authentic Chuck Taylor Kelly Green Hi-tops , with no luck , I wised up and went to the -LSB- ... -RSB- web site , where I not only found Kelly Green Hi-tops for my son , I also used their unique design your own shoes feature , to design a pair of custom high tops just for me . We are both thrilled with our finds . Chuck Taylor 's are the shoe of choice in our household , I even got my conservative , old school hubby into a pair of Chuck Taylor leather Hi-tops .
 Chuck Taylor Converse All-Star shoes are , by far , the best shoes you could ever have the pleasure of slipping your feet into each day ! I own three high rise -LRB- black , pink , orange -RRB- , and two low rise -LRB- green , red -RRB- , and if you are in indecision about getting a pair , GET THEM ! Whether you get the All-Stars or the skateboard style , you will NOT regret your decision ! You can see them all at www.conversegallery.com , so check it out ! These shoes are incredibly durable , and provide comfortable ankle support , making it easy to move aroung as fast as you want ; you have to keep up with the shoes , not vice versa ! These are basketball shoes , so they are great for running , basketball , soccer , and sport you could think of ! Or , they could be just casual shoes . Another wonderful feature is that they are uni-sex , so guys and girls can wear them ! Converse All-Stars RULE !
 My son wanted either red or green Chuck Taylors which are fairly difficult to find . The shoes I bought arrived quickly , were good quality , and were priced very reasonably .
 A shoe that barely qualifies as such , which is what I wanted by the way . This is one of the best shoes for drumming I 've ever worn . They 're light , comfortable , the soles are so thin you can really feel the pedals , yet they 're thick enough to give you protection . Anyone who 's ever drummed in bare feet will know what I 'm talking about . They almost feel like slippers and more importantly look cool especially if you 're wearing a black leather jacket , blue jeans , t-shirt and your name is `` something '' Ramone .
 Zapatos de linea cl&aacute;sica , deportivos , ideales para el d&iacute;a a d&iacute;a , de extrema calidad . Super r&aacute;pido el envio al casillero en Miami . Compra desde Venezuela
 Producto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % bueno
 I gave this snikers to my 15 year-old son and he loved . It has a juvenile color and it can use it daily , are confortables , the color is durable . Their friends have liked it . I recommend it
 muy buen producto y muy buen vendedor , todo me salio como yo esperava y hasta ahora todo esta muy bien .
 Very good sneakers , the most comfortable ever . And also one of the cheapest ! I 'd like to try some of the new Converse models
 Bought these for him and he enjoyed them . Very flexible and easy on your feet . I own a pair of these myself , and although the sole can get scuffed very easily , it 's still a great shoe in regards to running or when you need black shoes for your outfit . Runs a half size bigger than usual so know your size before you order onlinel
 Bought the book as a gift and the receiver loved it . The item came quickly and as described , great deal .
 These were a gift greatfully received as they are hard to find in larger sizes . Thank goodness of internet shopping .
 An all year kind of sneaker shoe that can be worn from all . Really comfort for every day use . There is a wide variety of colours which can cover all needs
 I bought these for my eleven year old . She loves these , so , I do n't really know how conforable they are because she really cares more about how they look . The price was the same as other vendors . It was just easy to order on-line .
 I 'm so glad I brought these shoes for my father because he 's been wanting a pair for so long , so I got them and he loves them . They 're a great Shoe for a great price .
 My grandson is thrilled with his new shoes . A size 16 looks like a boat , but he says they are very comfortable . Good choice .
 Arrived in 2 days.Still the same wonderful shoes I remember from high school 25 years ago .
 I bought this converse for my younger sister that she badly wanted them . Transaction was very smooth , they got here on time , and she was really happy !
 this is the best shoe I have ever bought . I love them and will never go back to pumas or addiadas ever !
 The best shoes ever , but if you use coverse.com to buy your shoes prepair for the SLOWEST loading site you have ever experienced ! Many times I did n't buy shoes because of the speed of their site . I have really fast internet and their site is by far the slowest of any site I use . If you have the patients you ca n't beat the shoes -LRB- I always use the create your own -RRB- I have created some really unique shoes .
 I would be very greatful if u can let me know if the white chucks is one size bigger then nornal sizing cause I didnt see the remarks like on the black ones.Thanks
 UPDATE !! Though I did n't get what I originally purchased , Extreme Footwear was wonderful in that they rushed the correct pair to me . Since they were an outside vendor Amazon could n't ship me the correct pair they could only do the return . Extreme Footwear took the iniciative do to that for me and I am a happy customer . The shoes are exactly what we hoped for . More importantly , My son is happy !
 Chuck Taylors are my favorite shoes . I have used them for years because they 're comfortable , casual and have character . I replace them when they get too worn . I 've been buying them online for a while . I found them here for under 40 bucks which was a steal . I received them in just a few days . I could n't be happier with my new chucks .
 My son spotted the basketball shoes he wanted at the mall . I saw the price and I knew I could find them cheaper on line . I have purchased other things through amazon.com and have been very pleased with them in the past , so I thought I would try them first . We found the shoes he wanted for almost half the price . When I saw that I said `` SOLD ! '' It was fast and easy , and they got really fast . We 're happy .
 Shipping was fast and free !!!! I was so amazed at how fast this got here ! I Recieved my shoes 3 days after shipping ... they are very comfortable and cute and go with anything ... DEFINATELY a great find ! = -RSB-
 I love my chuck Taylors . They go well with Jeans or almost anything that I want to wear . Looking to buy the Chocolate next .
 They were a last minute Christmas gift . They came so quickly , the size was normal , the color fun , he loved them .
 I ordered these for my granddaughter 's birthday . They were shippped promptly , and I was able to track them very efficiently . They were exactly what we wanted !!! They are very attractive and wear well .
 As always converse well never let you down with these silver boots ! I love tham and use them all the time !
 These Chucks are comfortable and look even cooler than the regular canvas style . I think I first saw them in the movie I , Robot and got a pair shortly after . It 's been a few years and they 're only showing slight wear . Everyone who sees them likes the leather too . Highly recommended !
 The shoe fit me well , and it came in the original condition - no damages , and it came on time .
 Ive been wearing converse all stars for over 20 years and still love them . Ive also found they make a nice driving shoe because there thin and you can feel the pedals . If youve never had a pair its time to try .
 They looked great when i got them and are still holding up good . This coming from someone that wears out shoes like no other . haha
 ... Chuck Taylor All Stars are good for doing squats . That 's why I buy them . A lot of athletic shoes have a good amount of padding on the bottom , which is fine for running , but while doing squats , makes my feet feel slightly wobbly . The Taylors allow my feet to stay firmly planted , which helps me maintain proper technique .
 This company was excellent to deal with . When we received the shoes , they did n't fit properly . Exchanging them was a breeze and another size was promptly sent to us at no extra charge to us . Very efficient .
 They are a great shoe and my granddaughter loves them . I got them in plenty of time to give them to her for her birthday .
 Quality , classic style , comfort ... you ca n't go wrong with a pair of Chuck Taylors . Great for weightlifting/powerlifting . Thin sole is good for dealifting .
 Good . Cheap . Classical Chuck Taylor allready . Buy them.Enought comment . Remember to pray for the Converse . Kiss you dude.Bye . k ?
 I 've been wanting Converse high-top tennis shoes for years now , and my husband just recently purchased them for me for my birthday . I have weak ankles from years of hiking , past injuries , etc. . The high top style gives my ankles more support . I only wish they had arch support and then I 'd be in complete heaven . However , these are tops in my book , plus they look stylish ! I love how they stay in style no matter what ! Thanks !
 What else can you say about a sneaker that has been around for over 90 years . These sneakers are simply great !!! I got the classic black high top and am very pleased with them . They are comfortable , durable and stylish . On a hot summer day the do n't heat up like a bread oven , like some sneakers do , keeping your feet cool and comfy . If they do get dirty or funky you can simply toss them into your washer and bada bing like new !!! They offer enough support for me to last for a long day of walking around town or work . One of the coolest things about these sneakers is that they offer a `` back at ya '' response to the more expensive and mostly ugly `` skater '' and basketball sneakers . A great sneaker at a great price . I love mine !!!
 My son absolutely loved this shoes . They came in perfect condition . The best part was I did not have to hunt them down locally .
 So glad they make them in a size 16 . . I do wish there was a larger selection to choose from but after size 13 the selections naturaly dwindle .
 These shoes are great . I value a lightweight , sturdy , hightop shoe for playing basketball -LRB- prison rules style -RRB- with the 11 other firefighters I work with . They require a tough foot , but if you can hack it they will save you some money .
 What else can I say ? Converse 's Chuck Taylor High-Tops have been tried and true for decades . They are comfortable , fun and in my case , red . I am 51 years young and I receive more compliments on these shoes than any other item of apparel that I own . Love them .
 Chances are that if you 're reading this , you 're already an urban hipster or musician so you wo n't really care what I have to say . BUT , I would just like to let everyone know , I tore the heal on mine , and after three months of owning them the sides of the toe are coming unglued . -LRB- Granted I 've worn them everyday since I got them -RRB- Not exactly worth the price , but still a darn comfortable shoe !
 Very smooth purchase , excellent price - the best anywhere and believe me I searched , very fast delivery , really good communication . Thank you
 These shoes are worn very regularly by most of my family for nearly barefoot comfort . We like the colors and the look of them . I like the pink ones , because when I was a kid my mother told me I could be invisible in pink sneakers . I have 2 pairs of the high tops , one pair is 5 years old and while they are limp and a bit faded , the soles are still in decent condition . I also have a pair of the oxfords in raspberry rose which is just a fantastic pink color , and does n't seem to be fading fast . My daughter loves her Skydiver Blue pair.They do n't offer any support and they do run large . But as long as you are n't doing a lot of walking , they are very comfortable and light weight . I use my oxfords as slip ons with the laces tied a bit loose .
 you know the shoe and you know the star . the comfort level is the truth and they feel so good and have much style and Profile then as now . I have bought Chucks all through the years and they are always chill and they got style . real nice , real nice .
 Great pair of shoes with a lot of history . the only crappy thing is that i lost them ... : Cthe shipping was quick and with a low price and yes ... they were not avaliable for super saver shipping ... Highly recommend them for everyone
 I 've been wearing these shoes since I was 12 years old . They are in my opinion the most comfortable and stylish shoes ever made . Unlike other shoes that give way to much support . These shoes sometimes feel like you 're actually not wearing shoes at all . A good way to feel the ground underneath your feet . Great for all occasions but not really recommended in the snow or heavy rain .
 Came fast , look great , a great experience . The fit is amazing , the color is vibrant , and to know that it 's a -LRB- red -RRB- product is awesome . Will defiantly recommend and buy from again .
 Product arrived early , in good condition , and as described . This shoe does run larger than the size you normally wear . I read somewhere to order one size smaller but I ordered 1/2 size smaller and inserted a cushioned insole . It fits perfect and wears nice .
 I got as a casual peice and also to wear to work they are half a size to big but I will live . Great Buy
 I bought these for the sole purpose of weightlifting . Excellent ankle support and flat bottoms without much heel make these an ideal shoe in the gym . These shoes provide very firm footing and i would highly recommend them to bodybuilders on a budget .
 Black All-Star High-tops ConverseHonestly these are the best shoes I have ever owned . I bought a pair for school , and I instantly knew that these were the shoes that would last me through the school year . And so far they have . My dad told me `` You should get the smaller size . '' I asked why , and he said `` You ruin and ware down shoes easy . '' But I have proved him so wrong . It 's been 3 months and not even a single scratch . What I love about these shoes is they do n't try to be special because they already are special . The makers do n't add glitter or sparkles to make them stand out . If you are looking for normal this is the way to go.You should know there is only one word that can describe these shoes
 There are a lot of hard core Chuck Taylor addicts out there and after ordering my first pair I can say I 'm still outside that bubble . They look good and the high top does n't squeeze my ankle or anything like that . The sizing was dead on so do n't order a half size larger thinking it 's a good idea ! My 9 's were dead on . The Chucks are a seasonal shoe I would n't wear them in the extreme cold , or really rainy days . As for soles and support they 're flat . I 've owned Vans and they 're even flatter than that with less support . It might just be I 'm not a kid anymore , or I 've got the wrong type of foot but I 'm not so sure . I 'm expecting these to be my pair of Chucks to last a while because I 'm not gon na be wearing these every day . So , they 're definitely good . . and everything that other people love , but I think I 'd rather wear Vans .
 In that classic converse style -LRB- edgy plum purple color -RRB- tennis shoes.I have wore Converse shoes since High School mid-sixties ; and they have proven more durable over the years!Of course , you have to purchase white pair for summer ; purple or black for winter.Enjoy the wear and feeling of being part of a classic brand !
 How can you go wrong with a pair of classic black Chuck Taylor 's . Just keep in mind that the shoe sizes run BIGGER . I wear and 11 and ordered a pair of 11s . A whole size to big for me . I do n't mind returning , but just keep that in mind .
 My son has wide feet and these fit him very nicely . The quality of them is superb and they are easy for him to get on and off by himself . I want a pair of my own !
 The butterfly is so cute ! It 's nice to have something distinguishing without having to get a crazy color . I use these shoes for powerlifting as well as everyday wear . I visited the seller 's website and they have a pretty large variety of designs . Would like to see some in kids ' sizes but I could n't be happier with my new Chucks !
 I bought these for my teen girl . She loves them ! They are perfect for any `` big kid '' too !
 I am astonished there are no reviews of this boot here ... this is an excellent boot . I 've worn my last pair practically every day for 1.5 years + -LRB- I ca n't remember when I bought them but it was over 1.5 years ago -RRB- ... they have seen moderate city use -LRB- 3-5 km daily approximately -RRB- and now are worn out.I would n't describe these as heavy duty boots , I had a pair of mountain boots by Zamberlan that I wore for 8 years through everything from daily use AND canyoning , caving , rockclimbing , mountaineering , snow , I even swam in the sea with them a few times . These Magnums would NOT stand up to that abuse , nor last as long - however they are extremely comfortable , light , and best of all easy to put on / take off at the end of a hard day . They have withstood trekking in Europe for 4 weeks , but whitewater rafting seemed to put the last nail in the coffin.But as long as you are using them for normal duties , walking , and a bit of running -LRB- not training , just running about your day - they are not great for sprinting but very good for walking -RRB- they are great . Highly recommended .
 Timberland 50061 Newbuck Chukka is the same as this black chukka . This is THE most comfortable and lightweight all around no BS boot I 've ever worn . There 's no Thinsulate but it is very water `` Proof '' I 'm sure you do n't want to walk into a pool with them but again , they are great boots Make sure you get the 50061 they have a lighter sole than the other Timberland boots less `` Beefy '' I use them for work and for the gym as well . Just all around the best boots I 've ever worn . For Deep snow I would say get an 8 ' at least boot but for hiking , gym , work from CA to NY the 50061 is great . The new buck gets dirty fast so get 2 pair . One for beating on and one for going out `` styling '' if you will . Again , very light weight , true to size ca n't beat em for under $ 100.00 . Great for landscaping , hunting , you name it . If you need severe cold weather you may try something with an Insulate if not these are the best boots ever made . The Black model is a different # but exactly the same just in Black Leather .
 I read reviews of these before buying this pair - I have bought two pairs of Timberland boots before , one pair thats literally lasted app . 20 years with a lot of use , and another pair that only lasted two years . I received these in yesterday , and will update the review if they do n't break in well or last . So far my impressions are - 1 . Accurate to size , 13w , I wear New Balance / Nike wide tennis shoes as additional reference 2 . Comfortable , but not cushiony if you know what I mean , I wore them all day yesterday without blisters or sore spots 3 . I was expecting non insulated boots , which I got , but these are still warm to hot - gussetted tongue and no ventilation means these are not a boot I am looking forward to wearing on a construction site in the middle of a Texas summer . I have received in what I expected , and given Timberlands reputation and my exp I 'm giving it 5 stars pending further experience with this pair of boots .
 This pair of boots is very light in weight and comfortable to wear . Very good for the cold weather . Nice boots . 5 starts
 This is defenitely one great pair of boots ! It 's very soft and comfortable . I recommed to use it with long socks .
 I am providing an update to a negative experience I expressed in a previous review about this vendor . The vendor called me today to discuss my concerns . After our discussions , I felt extremely satisfied , that he is truly focused on his customers and provides a quality service . My situation was rectified and I am extremely satisfied and would not hesitate to order again from this vendor . It is wonderful to still have people who care about their product , reputation and their customer base
 This shoe is very pink and fantastic . I love it . The jewels set the shoe apart from many others and give you the pizzazz your outfit was looking for . I ca n't wait to wear them . The shoe runs a bit small for Nine West . I should have order a half size up but otherwise the shoe is great . It is excellent to walk in and you are sure to get several compliments!Yay for shoes !
 I have been buying Van Eli Women 's Frankie Flat for years ! They are not only chic but also so-o-o comfortable - AND they are available in many NEUTRAL colors , which is especially handy when I travel -LRB- I do n't have to pack lots of different shoes -RRB- . I continue to buy replacements as my ` old ones ' wear out !! I hope this style is never discontinued !!!!
 I ordered this shoe in black leather with black patent trim . It would have been the perfect dressy flat shoe and I even ordered two sizes to try . Alas , neither fit well enough and both were uncomfortable . Hated having to send them back . I 'm still searching for a comparable shoe .
 I need a dress shoes without heels due to a bad back . These shoes were sold out at the local shoe , but Amazon saved the day ! A perfect fit with soft leather uppers and patent leather toe and heel , goes perfectly with pants or skirts . The very first time I purchased shoes online and it was a success !
 My feet are important and the quality of shoes I get my feet on are important too that 's why I choose Vaneli shoes , specially for the office , I wear them at least 9 hours a day that 's why I have these particular style in many colors . They are so comfortable and look very nice , the leather is so soft , they feel like gloves , true to the size , just make sure you order the right width . Nothing like Vaneli shoes !
 Wearing a AAAA shoe , it is very difficult to find a nice shoe in such widths . I have purchased several pairs of this shoe in many colors over the years . Goes with both skirts and pants . Just wish it came in silver !
 I love this shoe because it is dressy , classy and comfortable ... and a flat . I search extensively for the shoe with the proper look to wear with my suits . This shoe is it !! In addition to coming in various colors -- it comes with a patent tip/heel . And did I say comfortable ? There is no traditional break-in period . The shoe just molds itself to your foot -LRB- soft leather -RRB- . A must have .
 I actually ordered the black suede/black leather shoes and received these by mistake . But they 're so interesting and comfortable I decided to keep them . The suede is so soft it 's almost like wearing slippers that conform perfectly to your feet . I do n't usually like patent leather and that 's what the toe portion of the shoes are made of but it 's really attractive . I 'd recommend these shoes to even the most conservative among us . Try it , I think you 'll like them .
 Great looking shoe that can be dressed up or down . True to size and great dancing shoes with the leather soles .
 It does not have quite the support I need in a shoe -- wish that were not so as it is a beautiful shoe.I also need to have a heel that is rubberized as I found it easy to slip while testing out the shoe .
 I 've worn these VANELi dress flats for years and have them in several colors ... and highly recommend them for both comfort and quality . They are expensive , so I always wait for sales . However , the last few times I 've ordered these shoes on sale from this store on Amazon , the shoes have felt like they are at least a half a size too small . Sadly , I 've had to return them .
 I have a very narrow foot . Hard and expensive to fit . VANELi is one of the few shoes that meet my needs . These flats are great - can dress up or down . Would like to have a pair in every color .
 I really like this shoe ! It 's hard for me to find a shoe as narrow as I need , but this one fits just right across the toes and on the heel . It 's a little wide at the instep , but I can definitely live with it . I was a little dissappointed to find there is no arch support . I think if there were a support , the wideness would disappear .
 ... dress it up or dress it down . Comes in great colors and color combinations . I purchased this shoe in a black suede also . Beautiful ! I always get complements on them . I have the Black/Crocodile and the Red ones in my cart , ready to purchase .
 Finally found a shoe brand on line that is well constructed , excellent quality , and fits my narrow foot , plus being on sale . Will be back for more . And the shipping was fast also !
 This shoes are very nice especially for little ladies . It fits very well and i hope this shoes would be ... again ! in differents size in color white .
 I have 3 pairs of Henri pumps and a bunch of other Jessica Simpson shoes , and they are awesome . They can be painful to wear like most high heels , but I bought some footpetals tip toes inserts online and have had zero problems with pain . I found that they run true to size , not bigger or smaller as some have claimed . But if you wear a snug half size , better go up 1/2 size to be safe . Love these shoes !!!!!
 I just received these shoes in a size 5 black and they are a tad bit too big . However , I feel I may be just one of those unlucky few where half a size smaller would be too small . Sadly , soles could use more padding and is n't the most comfortable . I ca n't see myself standing/walking for more than a couple hours . Then again , when are 4 inch heels ever comfortable?I will have to agree with the others and say that these are extremely hot pumps . They look EXACTLY as pictured and I ca n't wait to show them off . They are classic and wo n't ever go out of style .
 I have yet to be dissapointed with any of her shoes ! I usually wear an 8 in heels but i bought these in an 8.5 to compensate for the round toe . They fit great and are very comfortable ! I wear them to the club and around the office and they dont come off till I come in the door . These shoes are very well made . . I 've had them almost a year now and they still look good . I bought the gray and white also same great fit . I love that I can buy them on here for less than in stores . I also recommend the Josette Pumps .
 these shoes are perfect ... classic style , comfortable , good tread ... ive been buying a chunkier heel lately since i dont wear heels much anymore i find the stiletto style not always east to walk in ... but these are great . . well made so they are sturdy and comfortable . ive got irridesent gray and they are totally awesome ... runs true to size .
 I do n't buy a shoe I have n't lusted after for a long time , and it was no different for this pair . I thought long and hard before investing in these shoes , and I 'm really really glad I did . They have an absolutely adorable shape , and the bright white color was exactly what I was looking for . They are also extremely comfortable to wear , and walking in them is a breeze . I get tons of compliments on them every time I wear them out .
 I have wanted nothing more than a simple , true round-toe pump . I have finally found it . Yes , it is most definitely a ROUND toe and it looks exactly like the picture . It 's not terrible for a 4 '' heel with no platform , in terms of comfort . I sometimes find her shoes to be a bit small or narrow but not these . They are true to size . I wear a 10 and a 10 fit . In fact , a 9.5 would have fit too but my toes would have hit the front . With the 10 , if I add a ball-of-foot pad -LRB- which is good anyway for this high of a heel -RRB- it stops my foot sliding forward and thus creating a gap at the heel . The patent is glossy , not cheap , and I do n't feel any uncomfortable pinching .
 I love this shoe . I have it in 3 different colors . Always get compliments on them . High heel , but not uncomfortable at all !
 I LOVE LOVE LOVE these shoes !!! I only have one pair right now , brown , and they have been worn practically to the sole . I get so many compliments on them STILL and they are a year old . At first , like any high heel , they arent the most comfortable , but once broken in they fit like a glove . A GREAT deal for the quality and price , I 'll be buying many more pairs of these : -RRB-
 These shoes are gorgeous ! I 've collected as many colors of Henri as I could find & I wish this style would come back in circulation.The round toebox allows for greater toe comfort even though the heel is super-high -LRB- about 4 '' -RRB- . So feminine & demure , yet sexy . No matter which color I wear , I ALWAYS get compliments on this shoe ! Colors came in a beautiful variety of prints , textures , metallics , & fabrics.High quality materials are used , including a padded leather footbed & textured non-slip rubber soles . I adore this shoe style . I have at least 10 pairs & I still want more , lol.While I generally wear a size 8 closed shoe , I can wear this style in sizes 7.5 , 8 , and 8.5 . Very versatile . Like a couple of other reviewers mentioned , I also add Foot Petals ball-of-foot cushions -LRB- Tip Toes -RRB- to every pair of these to ease the blow of the higher-than-usual heel height , which adds extra comfort & wearability . I do not like platform shoes -LRB- which are EVERYWHERE now -RRB- , so these are perfect -LRB- non-platform -RRB- !
 My son LOVES his Disney crocs . However , the back strap broke about 6 months after we bought them , which is why there is one less star . We live right on the beach , and they are great for tossing on and walking down to the water .
 The butterfly is so cute ! It 's nice to have something distinguishing without having to get a crazy color . I use these shoes for powerlifting as well as everyday wear . I visited the seller 's website and they have a pretty large variety of designs . Would like to see some in kids ' sizes but I could n't be happier with my new Chucks !
 I bought these for my teen girl . She loves them ! They are perfect for any `` big kid '' too !
 The butterfly is so cute ! It 's nice to have something distinguishing without having to get a crazy color . I use these shoes for powerlifting as well as everyday wear . I visited the seller 's website and they have a pretty large variety of designs . Would like to see some in kids ' sizes but I could n't be happier with my new Chucks !
 I bought these for my teen girl . She loves them ! They are perfect for any `` big kid '' too !
 The butterfly is so cute ! It 's nice to have something distinguishing without having to get a crazy color . I use these shoes for powerlifting as well as everyday wear . I visited the seller 's website and they have a pretty large variety of designs . Would like to see some in kids ' sizes but I could n't be happier with my new Chucks !
 I bought these for my teen girl . She loves them ! They are perfect for any `` big kid '' too !
 I love the Stan Smith . i dont think anybody actually still uses them for tennis . its more of a casual shoe now . my all time favorite shoe in the Adidas Superstar aka shelltoe but the Stan Smiths come close second . make sure you keep them clean or by a new pair every 3 or 4 months . nothing worse that a pair of dirty Adidas .
 These shoes are great it 's very comfortable shoes and very nice look . I love them .
 Have ben buying the very same shoe for decades -LRB- FYI , it was the very first leather tennis shoe ever retailed -RRB- . It is by far the most comfortable , durable and handsome tennis shoe ever to grace my feet . The chicks really dig me when I wear them , see , so I have carefully ration their use as I can only handle 25 chicks max at any given time.They 're also great for defending yourself anything of a size from a kitty cat to a Grizzly bear , though I would not recommend kicking a Grizzly . For some reason , dogs always think my ST 's are of the opposite sex and in heat ? I do n't get that , but at least it keeps my shoes clean.I 've been told the ST can even stop bullets but I 'll have to get back on that with you later . Amazon sent me exactly the STs I ordered and were very fast about it . Amazon and Adidas are my bestest buddies now.P.S . It 's fun to see where my Stan Smiths are manufactured each time I 'm forced to reorder . Think my first were made in France -LRB- ugh , gnarly -RRB- , then the U.S. , then Japan , then Indonesia , then Malaysia , then Singapore , then South Korea , then Mexico , then Mexico again , then Vietnam , then China , now Southern Mexi-Fornia . Labor in So Cal is now cheaper than China ! Is that a hoot or what ?! We 're bringing back industry to the USA .
 Since my childhood I always wanted to wear a pair of stan smith . This is a retro shoe which offers both comfort and style together . I recommend it to everybody who likes 3 stripes .
 The shoes were in perfect condition and arrived in a timely fashion . I would definitely purchase from this company again . Their s/h rates were very reasonable : -RRB-
 The sneakers were great . The delivery was on time . I was completely satisfied
 perfect ! the style is unique and ready for a night out with a special someone to sports with anyone . this shoe will become what makes you , `` you ''
 I bought these tennis shoes for my fiance and he just loves them ! He 's even talking about buying the exact pair
 I like the way this shoes look and feel . They are true to size and great for playing tennis.These shoes also look nice and feel like walking on air . I like that they look great in shorts as well as jeans . I have been wearing these for years and love them , brought several pairs as well .
 My hubbie has been wearing Stan Smiths for a looooong time . For a while they were difficult to find . We were delighted to find them on Amazon . HOWEVER , they are not true to size . I have to return them & reorder a larger size . -LRB- Return shipping is on me , apparently . -RRB- I saw this same comment from someone else . We even held the shoe up to his old Stan Smiths to compare the length of the 2 shoes - the new one is obviously shorter . Hoping an 11 1/2 will fit like the old 11 !
 I bought these shoes a while back and when I first put them on it was really comfortable and easy to wear anywhere . I would buy this pair of shoes again .
 Very happy with these shoes . A little tight in the middle , but I 'm sure they 'll get worked in . I love the color and the material .
 These are n't the originals , but they are close enough and WAY WAY better than any of the imitations out there , and that includes the other `` Stan Smith '' cheapo versions I 've seen in stores lately . These are well worth the $ difference over the others!After breaking them in -LRB- which did seem a tad long -RRB- they are quite supple and comfortable with excellent non-skid/non-marking qualities . AND the classic look ! I 'm pretty happy with them.I did note , particularly after break-in , that they seem slightly large compared to prior purchases of the Stan Smith , same size . Could be that the marginally thinner leather in the Stan 2 stretches more during break in or just manufacturing tolerances . The difference is noticeable , but not enough to warrant down-size one half size . -LRB- In other words , I would n't up an order a half size just because your present size X fit a bit snugly . These Stan 2 's apparently run just a hair large . -RRB- Shipment and delivery were prompt , no problems at all .
 Mr Smith can be proud of having his name and outstanding record associated with a product of equal value . I 've used the for over 30 years .
 This is a good classic shoe . True to size and is a great white shoe that goes well with shorts , jeans or whatever . Definitely a staple shoe to have in the closet .
 I have been a tennis player since Stan Smith shoes first came out . It has always been my favorite tennis shoe . Now it 's my favorite daily foot wear .
 This brand of ballet heels used to have a poor reputation for quality and sturdiness.I read another review from a trusted source online who claimed that they 've improved greatly so gave them a try.She was right and my wife loves these.oh , btw , the lock is purely decorative as the strap that it locks on only goes halfway around the ankle and sticks to a velcro patch
 Wonderfully uncomfortable Ballet boots as seen in many favorite films , costing much less than you could ever expect . Great customer service as well !!!
 I have been buying Van Eli Women 's Frankie Flat for years ! They are not only chic but also so-o-o comfortable - AND they are available in many NEUTRAL colors , which is especially handy when I travel -LRB- I do n't have to pack lots of different shoes -RRB- . I continue to buy replacements as my ` old ones ' wear out !! I hope this style is never discontinued !!!!
 I ordered this shoe in black leather with black patent trim . It would have been the perfect dressy flat shoe and I even ordered two sizes to try . Alas , neither fit well enough and both were uncomfortable . Hated having to send them back . I 'm still searching for a comparable shoe .
 I need a dress shoes without heels due to a bad back . These shoes were sold out at the local shoe , but Amazon saved the day ! A perfect fit with soft leather uppers and patent leather toe and heel , goes perfectly with pants or skirts . The very first time I purchased shoes online and it was a success !
 My feet are important and the quality of shoes I get my feet on are important too that 's why I choose Vaneli shoes , specially for the office , I wear them at least 9 hours a day that 's why I have these particular style in many colors . They are so comfortable and look very nice , the leather is so soft , they feel like gloves , true to the size , just make sure you order the right width . Nothing like Vaneli shoes !
 Wearing a AAAA shoe , it is very difficult to find a nice shoe in such widths . I have purchased several pairs of this shoe in many colors over the years . Goes with both skirts and pants . Just wish it came in silver !
 I love this shoe because it is dressy , classy and comfortable ... and a flat . I search extensively for the shoe with the proper look to wear with my suits . This shoe is it !! In addition to coming in various colors -- it comes with a patent tip/heel . And did I say comfortable ? There is no traditional break-in period . The shoe just molds itself to your foot -LRB- soft leather -RRB- . A must have .
 I actually ordered the black suede/black leather shoes and received these by mistake . But they 're so interesting and comfortable I decided to keep them . The suede is so soft it 's almost like wearing slippers that conform perfectly to your feet . I do n't usually like patent leather and that 's what the toe portion of the shoes are made of but it 's really attractive . I 'd recommend these shoes to even the most conservative among us . Try it , I think you 'll like them .
 Great looking shoe that can be dressed up or down . True to size and great dancing shoes with the leather soles .
 It does not have quite the support I need in a shoe -- wish that were not so as it is a beautiful shoe.I also need to have a heel that is rubberized as I found it easy to slip while testing out the shoe .
 I 've worn these VANELi dress flats for years and have them in several colors ... and highly recommend them for both comfort and quality . They are expensive , so I always wait for sales . However , the last few times I 've ordered these shoes on sale from this store on Amazon , the shoes have felt like they are at least a half a size too small . Sadly , I 've had to return them .
 I have a very narrow foot . Hard and expensive to fit . VANELi is one of the few shoes that meet my needs . These flats are great - can dress up or down . Would like to have a pair in every color .
 I really like this shoe ! It 's hard for me to find a shoe as narrow as I need , but this one fits just right across the toes and on the heel . It 's a little wide at the instep , but I can definitely live with it . I was a little dissappointed to find there is no arch support . I think if there were a support , the wideness would disappear .
 ... dress it up or dress it down . Comes in great colors and color combinations . I purchased this shoe in a black suede also . Beautiful ! I always get complements on them . I have the Black/Crocodile and the Red ones in my cart , ready to purchase .
 Finally found a shoe brand on line that is well constructed , excellent quality , and fits my narrow foot , plus being on sale . Will be back for more . And the shipping was fast also !
 About 8 years ago I purchased a Reebok walking shoe while visiting my Son in Seattle , Wa . At times I still wear these same shoes . They look very similar to the Reebok Platinum DMX . I am going to order a pair of the Reebok Women 's Platinum DMX and give them a try . I 'm always searching out for a comfortable leather top shoe because of the arthritus I have in my feet , mainly my toes . I certainly know one thing , Reebok makes a very sturdy and longlasting shoe !
 This boot quickly became my favorite . Light weight but tough and durable with soles that are easy to clean after working in the garden . After two years I 'm ready to get another pair but the old ones are still going strong .
 once again amazon brings great deals on stride rite shoes , I always come back for more.what a deal ...
 I took these shoes out the box and tried them on my son . He said that they felt really good and that he wanted to ware them to school the next day . They look great also .
 Excellent deal on back to school sneaker . Stide Rite is always the best . This is a great deal .
 I like the design that it put an extra layer at the front of theshoes . -- I have bought many different brand shoes for my son . Theyalways started to break at the front . I will see if this pair is different .
 About 8 years ago I purchased a Reebok walking shoe while visiting my Son in Seattle , Wa . At times I still wear these same shoes . They look very similar to the Reebok Platinum DMX . I am going to order a pair of the Reebok Women 's Platinum DMX and give them a try . I 'm always searching out for a comfortable leather top shoe because of the arthritus I have in my feet , mainly my toes . I certainly know one thing , Reebok makes a very sturdy and longlasting shoe !
 I ordered these shoes for my disabled father . He has trouble walking and with movemnt in general . I needed a shoe that looked good and functioned well . He loved this shoe . It was easy for him to put on and secure . He also said that it was very comfortable and light enough for him to lift his feet . Great shoe for people in general and those who have trouble walking .
 Shoes are very soft and comfortable . I am pleased with the product , but I especially am pleased with the way Amazon has handled the purchase and shipping .
 My father in law loves this shoe.I bought him a pair several years ago.He said it was very comfortable and light.So I ordered another pair for him this year.The price is $ 5 more than few years ago.The quality is still very good.My father in law has got swollen ankel so I ordered him EEE.He likes the slip on shoes because he does not need to tie the shoe laces , which is difficult for a 75 years old .
 My husband needs comfortable shoes , and has a hard time getting his size . This pair fit and are very comfortable . I ordered another pair of another color . He is pleased with both pairs . They are just as described in the article .
 Florsheim 's delivers its customary quality and comfort in this Fairmont Velcro Slip-on ! It 's hard to find EEE width shoes and this shoe promises and delivers on size , as well as comfort ! The soft leather upper is beautiful , the rubber sole and fully cushioned interior with leather sock lining enhance the overall comfort of the shoe . It was an excellent find !
 The shoe feels nice although it is a little on the large size for a 9 1/2 , but I am keeping it . The velcro strap is hidden under my pants cuff so it looks like a nice slip on .
 My grandpa came to visit us in Texas a few years back and purchased these shoes in brown . He loved those so much that he had been looking for another pair but could n't find them where they live . I introduced him to Amazon and we ordered a pair in black immediately . They arrived in just a few days and were the wrong size -LRB- wierd link issue with the sizing , it could totally have been my fault -RRB- . Contacting the company was so easy , there was a phone number to call and a name to ask for if you had any issues . They sent out another pair right away with a return label for the first pair , no questions and at no cost to us . They were very pleasant and you got to talk to a real person immediately . We received the correct shoe two days later , and it was quite the event . Apparently the shoe is fantastic , Grandpa wears them all the time , but the customer service from Florsheim 's was great too . We are very happy with this purchase and plan to get him another pair for Christmas .
 This is a very good shoe , I have used before for many years . I will by another pair very soon , Thanks
 My daughter need these specific character shoes for her Dance Club at college . The shows arrived in 2 days after placing the order , from NY a few dance after Hurricane Sandy . The shoes are amazing as Capezios are & the seller gave service beyond reproach . Highly recommend shoes & seller through Amazon !
 I 'd been very nervous about buying shoes online , but thanks to many of the previous reviewers , I was able to make a good choice on size . I usually wear a size 7 medium in street shoes , but because I 'd read that these shoes run narrow , I ordered a 7 wide , and they fit perfect . I was so relieved ! I 'd been looking for shoes for worship dance , with a heel not too high , but kind of dressy , and I think these are just right !
 This is a great shoe ! It was comfortable from the first time I wore it . The heel height is perfect -- not too high or too low . I ordered my usual street shoe size and the fit was just fine .
 Very comfortable shoe . Runs very close to shoe size ! I needed a shoe for an upcoming show and even beginners can use this shoe .
 These shoes are very comfortable and with the arch support even more so.Being leather makes these shoes far more durable .
 I bought this shoe because I used to wear them for dancing , I do not dance any more but wanted the comfort and support these shoes provide . Great cushion on the innersole .
 i just started dance classes . . this are very nice . comfortable . went with just about everything i wore . i have then 6 months and holding up very well .
 I love these white shoes ! They make my feet appear so elegant and classy . It is a very well-constructed shoe , made of high-quality leather . Since it has a more sturdy leather sole , it can be worn anywhere , not just for ballroom dancing . These shoes would be perfect for a wedding or other formal occasion . The size 6.5 N was a very tight fit on me but there was no size 6.5 M available . I 'm hoping the good-quality leather will stretch over time ; But since dancing shoes are supposed to fit snugly anyway , these shoes will do very nicely for my ballroom dancing classes . At $ 38 compared to the $ 60 and up price at my local store , this was an unbeatable deal ! Thanks , Amazon !
 I am an aspiring theater actress in graduate school and I needed some character shoes for rehearsing.The heel is a perfect height . I am used to wearing higher heels for ` going out ' but these are great for acting , dancing , and moving in . They give you enough height to feel like a heel , but are low enough so you can actually do some REAL work . Sometimes high heels hurt and disconnect you from the much needed ` grounded ' feeling when working.They are really comfortable , break in nicely , and are great for auditioning.They are a tad narrow so if you have wide feet opt for a wider size.I LOVE my Capezios !!!
 This shoe is very nice , BUT , order your regular size ; it does not run large !! Bought these for my Mom and ordered a half size up based on the product description and will have to exchange them .
 These shoes are the best I have ever had ; they fit just fine ; they look great ! And the price was right!ghl
 My daughter need these specific character shoes for her Dance Club at college . The shows arrived in 2 days after placing the order , from NY a few dance after Hurricane Sandy . The shoes are amazing as Capezios are & the seller gave service beyond reproach . Highly recommend shoes & seller through Amazon !
 I 'd been very nervous about buying shoes online , but thanks to many of the previous reviewers , I was able to make a good choice on size . I usually wear a size 7 medium in street shoes , but because I 'd read that these shoes run narrow , I ordered a 7 wide , and they fit perfect . I was so relieved ! I 'd been looking for shoes for worship dance , with a heel not too high , but kind of dressy , and I think these are just right !
 This is a great shoe ! It was comfortable from the first time I wore it . The heel height is perfect -- not too high or too low . I ordered my usual street shoe size and the fit was just fine .
 Very comfortable shoe . Runs very close to shoe size ! I needed a shoe for an upcoming show and even beginners can use this shoe .
 These shoes are very comfortable and with the arch support even more so.Being leather makes these shoes far more durable .
 I bought this shoe because I used to wear them for dancing , I do not dance any more but wanted the comfort and support these shoes provide . Great cushion on the innersole .
 i just started dance classes . . this are very nice . comfortable . went with just about everything i wore . i have then 6 months and holding up very well .
 I love these white shoes ! They make my feet appear so elegant and classy . It is a very well-constructed shoe , made of high-quality leather . Since it has a more sturdy leather sole , it can be worn anywhere , not just for ballroom dancing . These shoes would be perfect for a wedding or other formal occasion . The size 6.5 N was a very tight fit on me but there was no size 6.5 M available . I 'm hoping the good-quality leather will stretch over time ; But since dancing shoes are supposed to fit snugly anyway , these shoes will do very nicely for my ballroom dancing classes . At $ 38 compared to the $ 60 and up price at my local store , this was an unbeatable deal ! Thanks , Amazon !
 I am an aspiring theater actress in graduate school and I needed some character shoes for rehearsing.The heel is a perfect height . I am used to wearing higher heels for ` going out ' but these are great for acting , dancing , and moving in . They give you enough height to feel like a heel , but are low enough so you can actually do some REAL work . Sometimes high heels hurt and disconnect you from the much needed ` grounded ' feeling when working.They are really comfortable , break in nicely , and are great for auditioning.They are a tad narrow so if you have wide feet opt for a wider size.I LOVE my Capezios !!!
 This shoe is very nice , BUT , order your regular size ; it does not run large !! Bought these for my Mom and ordered a half size up based on the product description and will have to exchange them .
 These shoes are the best I have ever had ; they fit just fine ; they look great ! And the price was right!ghl
 I bought these tennis shoes for my fiance and he just loves them ! He 's even talking about buying the exact pair
 I like the way this shoes look and feel . They are true to size and great for playing tennis.These shoes also look nice and feel like walking on air . I like that they look great in shorts as well as jeans . I have been wearing these for years and love them , brought several pairs as well .
 My hubbie has been wearing Stan Smiths for a looooong time . For a while they were difficult to find . We were delighted to find them on Amazon . HOWEVER , they are not true to size . I have to return them & reorder a larger size . -LRB- Return shipping is on me , apparently . -RRB- I saw this same comment from someone else . We even held the shoe up to his old Stan Smiths to compare the length of the 2 shoes - the new one is obviously shorter . Hoping an 11 1/2 will fit like the old 11 !
 I bought these shoes a while back and when I first put them on it was really comfortable and easy to wear anywhere . I would buy this pair of shoes again .
 Very happy with these shoes . A little tight in the middle , but I 'm sure they 'll get worked in . I love the color and the material .
 These are n't the originals , but they are close enough and WAY WAY better than any of the imitations out there , and that includes the other `` Stan Smith '' cheapo versions I 've seen in stores lately . These are well worth the $ difference over the others!After breaking them in -LRB- which did seem a tad long -RRB- they are quite supple and comfortable with excellent non-skid/non-marking qualities . AND the classic look ! I 'm pretty happy with them.I did note , particularly after break-in , that they seem slightly large compared to prior purchases of the Stan Smith , same size . Could be that the marginally thinner leather in the Stan 2 stretches more during break in or just manufacturing tolerances . The difference is noticeable , but not enough to warrant down-size one half size . -LRB- In other words , I would n't up an order a half size just because your present size X fit a bit snugly . These Stan 2 's apparently run just a hair large . -RRB- Shipment and delivery were prompt , no problems at all .
 Mr Smith can be proud of having his name and outstanding record associated with a product of equal value . I 've used the for over 30 years .
 This is a good classic shoe . True to size and is a great white shoe that goes well with shorts , jeans or whatever . Definitely a staple shoe to have in the closet .
 I have been a tennis player since Stan Smith shoes first came out . It has always been my favorite tennis shoe . Now it 's my favorite daily foot wear .
 I love the Stan Smith . i dont think anybody actually still uses them for tennis . its more of a casual shoe now . my all time favorite shoe in the Adidas Superstar aka shelltoe but the Stan Smiths come close second . make sure you keep them clean or by a new pair every 3 or 4 months . nothing worse that a pair of dirty Adidas .
 These shoes are great it 's very comfortable shoes and very nice look . I love them .
 Have ben buying the very same shoe for decades -LRB- FYI , it was the very first leather tennis shoe ever retailed -RRB- . It is by far the most comfortable , durable and handsome tennis shoe ever to grace my feet . The chicks really dig me when I wear them , see , so I have carefully ration their use as I can only handle 25 chicks max at any given time.They 're also great for defending yourself anything of a size from a kitty cat to a Grizzly bear , though I would not recommend kicking a Grizzly . For some reason , dogs always think my ST 's are of the opposite sex and in heat ? I do n't get that , but at least it keeps my shoes clean.I 've been told the ST can even stop bullets but I 'll have to get back on that with you later . Amazon sent me exactly the STs I ordered and were very fast about it . Amazon and Adidas are my bestest buddies now.P.S . It 's fun to see where my Stan Smiths are manufactured each time I 'm forced to reorder . Think my first were made in France -LRB- ugh , gnarly -RRB- , then the U.S. , then Japan , then Indonesia , then Malaysia , then Singapore , then South Korea , then Mexico , then Mexico again , then Vietnam , then China , now Southern Mexi-Fornia . Labor in So Cal is now cheaper than China ! Is that a hoot or what ?! We 're bringing back industry to the USA .
 Since my childhood I always wanted to wear a pair of stan smith . This is a retro shoe which offers both comfort and style together . I recommend it to everybody who likes 3 stripes .
 The shoes were in perfect condition and arrived in a timely fashion . I would definitely purchase from this company again . Their s/h rates were very reasonable : -RRB-
 The sneakers were great . The delivery was on time . I was completely satisfied
 perfect ! the style is unique and ready for a night out with a special someone to sports with anyone . this shoe will become what makes you , `` you ''
 The butterfly is so cute ! It 's nice to have something distinguishing without having to get a crazy color . I use these shoes for powerlifting as well as everyday wear . I visited the seller 's website and they have a pretty large variety of designs . Would like to see some in kids ' sizes but I could n't be happier with my new Chucks !
 I bought these for my teen girl . She loves them ! They are perfect for any `` big kid '' too !
 I just received these and I love love love these peep toes ... I like the way the front of the shoe looks totally different from any other peep toe out right now . The leather is very soft and supple and they are super comfy for a heel this height ... I have them in the black . I will be definitely turning heads in this shoe .
 These shoes were given to me as a gift . I absolutely love Jessica 's style but do find that these shoes squeak quite a bit . I still wear them though .
 I have a bunch of Jessica Simpson shoes , and these are the most comfortable without inserting footpetals inserts . They are very stylish , comfortable and I recommend them . I have had no problems with them running half a size bigger or smaller as some have . They have been true to size for me . LOVE them .
 Love this shoe . It is very sexy and fun . I ordered a half size larger and it still felt a little snug . Toes were cramped a little in the shoe . Other than that the shoe is comfy for the heel height . Shoe stands out and gets noticed .
 Another great shoe from J.S Just remember they do run a little small . Oh and guys love them
 These slippers are very comfortable and well constructed . I wear them constantly and have had no problems with them in any way . Some people said that the dye rubs off , but that 's not an issue with the natural colored ones . Overall , I 'd recommend these to anyone wanting a very warm , comfortable pair of slippers .
 For the money , you ca n't beat the quality . Soft leather and good quality fluff . Perfect with hot cocoa , my hubby and a good read !
 i love the quicksilver brand the quality of these flip flops are great my son says they are very comfortable
 Great kid thongs that are comforatable and provide support . We have n't had these long but they seem well constructed . I gave them a four instead of a five because my son says that they are a little stiff . He likes them to `` flip back easily '' when he walks and he says that these do n't always do that .
 I just bought my third pair of these boots in five years . I found them to be almost indestructible for light machine shop and daily use on the street . They are VERY COMFORTABLE , ideal if one is on your feet all day.They also polish up well and are presentable WORN as a dress boot/shoe . They felt like a favorite , comfortable old pair of shoes from the first time I put them on ... SORT OF INDUSTRIAL STRENGTH BUNNY SLIPPERS!The boots are very well made from real leather.They are not heavy duty enough for heavy construction , logging or concrete work . Good for light farm work and driving.THEY ARE THE BEST WEARING WORK BOOT , I HAVE FOUND FOR DAY TO DAY WEAR.The soles have some tread , giving you fair traction in the grass , snow and ice plus have excellent wear resistance.Also ... the boot 's sole patterns does not leave large clumps of the outside on the kitchen floor , while stepping into the house.The boot sizing is pretty much exact . Only buy your exact sizeExcept a WIDER SHOE if you plan to wear multiple pairs of thick socks in the winter.They have an excellent size / width selection . I usually need a 14 EEEEE in a boot.The boots are almost waterproof , you will need to apply a reasonable coat of waterproofing silicone spray or mystery oil leather treatment . KIWI SHOE POLISH makes them shine up very well.The leather uppers are well cut out pattern and sewn together with care.I never had problems with the leather , material , sewn seams splitting or tearing , and no loosening or unusual wear with the heels or soles.The leather is thick enough to protect but still thin enough to be flexible.I have bought both he 6 inch and 8 inch versions of this farm boot.Both boot heights are just as easy to get on and off , however the eight inch high boot does gives you a bit more ankle support.So , I prefer the eight inch height.The only thing I can recommend extra for these boots ... Order a bit thicker , round nylon boot laces , instead of the flat , cotton shoe laces that come FACTORY standard with these boots.If you need soles with more traction get something with a VIBRAM sole.However , trust me , your wife will remind you , often , to remove your boots before coming into the house with VIBRAM soles on.The only tougher and better boots I have seen and bought , have been just as happy with , are the White 's Smoke Jumper Logging Boots and they COST ALMOST $ 500.00 The FARM BOOTS are a great deal ! I wish more American companies made things with this amount of care / pride in the product , a good design philosophy , used quality materials and all put together with wonderful workmanship!The people at WORK AMERICA remind me and hearken back to an earlier time in this country , when something that was stamped AMERICAN MADE or MADE IN USA meant often this product was the best made in the world!http : / / www.amazon.com/gp/product/B008D94HNQ/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title
 The butterfly is so cute ! It 's nice to have something distinguishing without having to get a crazy color . I use these shoes for powerlifting as well as everyday wear . I visited the seller 's website and they have a pretty large variety of designs . Would like to see some in kids ' sizes but I could n't be happier with my new Chucks !
 I bought these for my teen girl . She loves them ! They are perfect for any `` big kid '' too !
 This is a comfy shoe ! The only thing is that sometimes the criss-cross part rubs on the top of one of my feet . I 've had them for awhile , though , and they have held up well . Very easy to walk in .
 This is an extremely comfortable and supportive shoe . You can wear them anywhere , rock concerts , sporting events , anywhere . Worth the money .
 I love the Stan Smith . i dont think anybody actually still uses them for tennis . its more of a casual shoe now . my all time favorite shoe in the Adidas Superstar aka shelltoe but the Stan Smiths come close second . make sure you keep them clean or by a new pair every 3 or 4 months . nothing worse that a pair of dirty Adidas .
 These shoes are great it 's very comfortable shoes and very nice look . I love them .
 Have ben buying the very same shoe for decades -LRB- FYI , it was the very first leather tennis shoe ever retailed -RRB- . It is by far the most comfortable , durable and handsome tennis shoe ever to grace my feet . The chicks really dig me when I wear them , see , so I have carefully ration their use as I can only handle 25 chicks max at any given time.They 're also great for defending yourself anything of a size from a kitty cat to a Grizzly bear , though I would not recommend kicking a Grizzly . For some reason , dogs always think my ST 's are of the opposite sex and in heat ? I do n't get that , but at least it keeps my shoes clean.I 've been told the ST can even stop bullets but I 'll have to get back on that with you later . Amazon sent me exactly the STs I ordered and were very fast about it . Amazon and Adidas are my bestest buddies now.P.S . It 's fun to see where my Stan Smiths are manufactured each time I 'm forced to reorder . Think my first were made in France -LRB- ugh , gnarly -RRB- , then the U.S. , then Japan , then Indonesia , then Malaysia , then Singapore , then South Korea , then Mexico , then Mexico again , then Vietnam , then China , now Southern Mexi-Fornia . Labor in So Cal is now cheaper than China ! Is that a hoot or what ?! We 're bringing back industry to the USA .
 Since my childhood I always wanted to wear a pair of stan smith . This is a retro shoe which offers both comfort and style together . I recommend it to everybody who likes 3 stripes .
 The shoes were in perfect condition and arrived in a timely fashion . I would definitely purchase from this company again . Their s/h rates were very reasonable : -RRB-
 The sneakers were great . The delivery was on time . I was completely satisfied
 perfect ! the style is unique and ready for a night out with a special someone to sports with anyone . this shoe will become what makes you , `` you ''
 I bought these tennis shoes for my fiance and he just loves them ! He 's even talking about buying the exact pair
 I like the way this shoes look and feel . They are true to size and great for playing tennis.These shoes also look nice and feel like walking on air . I like that they look great in shorts as well as jeans . I have been wearing these for years and love them , brought several pairs as well .
 My hubbie has been wearing Stan Smiths for a looooong time . For a while they were difficult to find . We were delighted to find them on Amazon . HOWEVER , they are not true to size . I have to return them & reorder a larger size . -LRB- Return shipping is on me , apparently . -RRB- I saw this same comment from someone else . We even held the shoe up to his old Stan Smiths to compare the length of the 2 shoes - the new one is obviously shorter . Hoping an 11 1/2 will fit like the old 11 !
 I bought these shoes a while back and when I first put them on it was really comfortable and easy to wear anywhere . I would buy this pair of shoes again .
 Very happy with these shoes . A little tight in the middle , but I 'm sure they 'll get worked in . I love the color and the material .
 These are n't the originals , but they are close enough and WAY WAY better than any of the imitations out there , and that includes the other `` Stan Smith '' cheapo versions I 've seen in stores lately . These are well worth the $ difference over the others!After breaking them in -LRB- which did seem a tad long -RRB- they are quite supple and comfortable with excellent non-skid/non-marking qualities . AND the classic look ! I 'm pretty happy with them.I did note , particularly after break-in , that they seem slightly large compared to prior purchases of the Stan Smith , same size . Could be that the marginally thinner leather in the Stan 2 stretches more during break in or just manufacturing tolerances . The difference is noticeable , but not enough to warrant down-size one half size . -LRB- In other words , I would n't up an order a half size just because your present size X fit a bit snugly . These Stan 2 's apparently run just a hair large . -RRB- Shipment and delivery were prompt , no problems at all .
 Mr Smith can be proud of having his name and outstanding record associated with a product of equal value . I 've used the for over 30 years .
 This is a good classic shoe . True to size and is a great white shoe that goes well with shorts , jeans or whatever . Definitely a staple shoe to have in the closet .
 I have been a tennis player since Stan Smith shoes first came out . It has always been my favorite tennis shoe . Now it 's my favorite daily foot wear .
 The butterfly is so cute ! It 's nice to have something distinguishing without having to get a crazy color . I use these shoes for powerlifting as well as everyday wear . I visited the seller 's website and they have a pretty large variety of designs . Would like to see some in kids ' sizes but I could n't be happier with my new Chucks !
 I bought these for my teen girl . She loves them ! They are perfect for any `` big kid '' too !
 Since my six-year old daughter was having problems with her toes rubbing in other shoes , we tried this shoe in a wide width . It has worked out really well . She thinks it is very comfortable and has worn it from day one with no problems . It is lightweight , breathable , cute , and most importantly , easy fastening for quick dressing before school . After one-month of use , they seem to be holding up pretty well and still look good .
 The butterfly is so cute ! It 's nice to have something distinguishing without having to get a crazy color . I use these shoes for powerlifting as well as everyday wear . I visited the seller 's website and they have a pretty large variety of designs . Would like to see some in kids ' sizes but I could n't be happier with my new Chucks !
 I bought these for my teen girl . She loves them ! They are perfect for any `` big kid '' too !
 I bought this shoe because I used to wear them for dancing , I do not dance any more but wanted the comfort and support these shoes provide . Great cushion on the innersole .
 i just started dance classes . . this are very nice . comfortable . went with just about everything i wore . i have then 6 months and holding up very well .
 I love these white shoes ! They make my feet appear so elegant and classy . It is a very well-constructed shoe , made of high-quality leather . Since it has a more sturdy leather sole , it can be worn anywhere , not just for ballroom dancing . These shoes would be perfect for a wedding or other formal occasion . The size 6.5 N was a very tight fit on me but there was no size 6.5 M available . I 'm hoping the good-quality leather will stretch over time ; But since dancing shoes are supposed to fit snugly anyway , these shoes will do very nicely for my ballroom dancing classes . At $ 38 compared to the $ 60 and up price at my local store , this was an unbeatable deal ! Thanks , Amazon !
 I am an aspiring theater actress in graduate school and I needed some character shoes for rehearsing.The heel is a perfect height . I am used to wearing higher heels for ` going out ' but these are great for acting , dancing , and moving in . They give you enough height to feel like a heel , but are low enough so you can actually do some REAL work . Sometimes high heels hurt and disconnect you from the much needed ` grounded ' feeling when working.They are really comfortable , break in nicely , and are great for auditioning.They are a tad narrow so if you have wide feet opt for a wider size.I LOVE my Capezios !!!
 This shoe is very nice , BUT , order your regular size ; it does not run large !! Bought these for my Mom and ordered a half size up based on the product description and will have to exchange them .
 These shoes are the best I have ever had ; they fit just fine ; they look great ! And the price was right!ghl
 My daughter need these specific character shoes for her Dance Club at college . The shows arrived in 2 days after placing the order , from NY a few dance after Hurricane Sandy . The shoes are amazing as Capezios are & the seller gave service beyond reproach . Highly recommend shoes & seller through Amazon !
 I 'd been very nervous about buying shoes online , but thanks to many of the previous reviewers , I was able to make a good choice on size . I usually wear a size 7 medium in street shoes , but because I 'd read that these shoes run narrow , I ordered a 7 wide , and they fit perfect . I was so relieved ! I 'd been looking for shoes for worship dance , with a heel not too high , but kind of dressy , and I think these are just right !
 This is a great shoe ! It was comfortable from the first time I wore it . The heel height is perfect -- not too high or too low . I ordered my usual street shoe size and the fit was just fine .
 Very comfortable shoe . Runs very close to shoe size ! I needed a shoe for an upcoming show and even beginners can use this shoe .
 These shoes are very comfortable and with the arch support even more so.Being leather makes these shoes far more durable .
 The butterfly is so cute ! It 's nice to have something distinguishing without having to get a crazy color . I use these shoes for powerlifting as well as everyday wear . I visited the seller 's website and they have a pretty large variety of designs . Would like to see some in kids ' sizes but I could n't be happier with my new Chucks !
 I bought these for my teen girl . She loves them ! They are perfect for any `` big kid '' too !
 I am happy with this product . I was looking for much brighter colours , but I found the colours to be softer as opposed to being brighter . It appears to be a strong bag since it is manmade material , but I would not have paid that amount for the bag if I could have seen it before I purchased it . That selling price should really be for stronger material , like leather . I would suggest having an optional long strap .
 I purchased these boots for one of my sons for Christmas so I 'll have to write later what he thinks of them but I had to praise them on how fast they got here ! I ordered them yesterday and recieved them today . Awesome !
 I would rate the quality of this sandal excellent , but would have preferred a wider width , which NB is known for , than what I received . Maybe after I wear the sandals for a period of time they will widen out .
 I purchased these boots for one of my sons for Christmas so I 'll have to write later what he thinks of them but I had to praise them on how fast they got here ! I ordered them yesterday and recieved them today . Awesome !
 These are good shoes . I have only had them for a little while but I have already put a lot of miles on them . They are holding up quite well but the tread on the ball of the foot on both sides is showing significant wear . I 'm not sure how long these will last but so far a very comfortable and servicable shoe .
 I recently bought this Whiting and Davis purse at such an amazing price from Amazon . The purse is gorgeous ! Making is very good . Sequins design is beautiful and unigue and makes great fashion statement . I highly recommend it .
 I purchased these boots for one of my sons for Christmas so I 'll have to write later what he thinks of them but I had to praise them on how fast they got here ! I ordered them yesterday and recieved them today . Awesome !
 My daughter need these specific character shoes for her Dance Club at college . The shows arrived in 2 days after placing the order , from NY a few dance after Hurricane Sandy . The shoes are amazing as Capezios are & the seller gave service beyond reproach . Highly recommend shoes & seller through Amazon !
 I 'd been very nervous about buying shoes online , but thanks to many of the previous reviewers , I was able to make a good choice on size . I usually wear a size 7 medium in street shoes , but because I 'd read that these shoes run narrow , I ordered a 7 wide , and they fit perfect . I was so relieved ! I 'd been looking for shoes for worship dance , with a heel not too high , but kind of dressy , and I think these are just right !
 This is a great shoe ! It was comfortable from the first time I wore it . The heel height is perfect -- not too high or too low . I ordered my usual street shoe size and the fit was just fine .
 Very comfortable shoe . Runs very close to shoe size ! I needed a shoe for an upcoming show and even beginners can use this shoe .
 These shoes are very comfortable and with the arch support even more so.Being leather makes these shoes far more durable .
 I bought this shoe because I used to wear them for dancing , I do not dance any more but wanted the comfort and support these shoes provide . Great cushion on the innersole .
 i just started dance classes . . this are very nice . comfortable . went with just about everything i wore . i have then 6 months and holding up very well .
 I love these white shoes ! They make my feet appear so elegant and classy . It is a very well-constructed shoe , made of high-quality leather . Since it has a more sturdy leather sole , it can be worn anywhere , not just for ballroom dancing . These shoes would be perfect for a wedding or other formal occasion . The size 6.5 N was a very tight fit on me but there was no size 6.5 M available . I 'm hoping the good-quality leather will stretch over time ; But since dancing shoes are supposed to fit snugly anyway , these shoes will do very nicely for my ballroom dancing classes . At $ 38 compared to the $ 60 and up price at my local store , this was an unbeatable deal ! Thanks , Amazon !
 I am an aspiring theater actress in graduate school and I needed some character shoes for rehearsing.The heel is a perfect height . I am used to wearing higher heels for ` going out ' but these are great for acting , dancing , and moving in . They give you enough height to feel like a heel , but are low enough so you can actually do some REAL work . Sometimes high heels hurt and disconnect you from the much needed ` grounded ' feeling when working.They are really comfortable , break in nicely , and are great for auditioning.They are a tad narrow so if you have wide feet opt for a wider size.I LOVE my Capezios !!!
 This shoe is very nice , BUT , order your regular size ; it does not run large !! Bought these for my Mom and ordered a half size up based on the product description and will have to exchange them .
 These shoes are the best I have ever had ; they fit just fine ; they look great ! And the price was right!ghl
 boots are extremely well made . toe is a bit pointier than expected but MOST importantly , the sizing is a full size smaller than `` normal '' i ordered 40 which has always been my euro size -LRB- 10 u.s. -RRB- & amazon 's apparel chart confirms , but pair i rec 'd said 40 on box and u.s. size 9 . painful .
 I purchased these boots for one of my sons for Christmas so I 'll have to write later what he thinks of them but I had to praise them on how fast they got here ! I ordered them yesterday and recieved them today . Awesome !
 I purchased these boots for one of my sons for Christmas so I 'll have to write later what he thinks of them but I had to praise them on how fast they got here ! I ordered them yesterday and recieved them today . Awesome !
 I purchased these boots for one of my sons for Christmas so I 'll have to write later what he thinks of them but I had to praise them on how fast they got here ! I ordered them yesterday and recieved them today . Awesome !
 I purchased these boots for one of my sons for Christmas so I 'll have to write later what he thinks of them but I had to praise them on how fast they got here ! I ordered them yesterday and recieved them today . Awesome !
 I was surprised to find out how light these moccasins felt . They are so soft and comfortable ! You hardly realize you are wearing them . These are a nice shoe to wear on the hot days of summer . Highly recommend them .
 I purchased these boots for one of my sons for Christmas so I 'll have to write later what he thinks of them but I had to praise them on how fast they got here ! I ordered them yesterday and recieved them today . Awesome !
 I was surprised to find out how light these moccasins felt . They are so soft and comfortable ! You hardly realize you are wearing them . These are a nice shoe to wear on the hot days of summer . Highly recommend them .
 I bought this shoe in mimosa and navy . I need the wide width . The sizing was very true.I am very satisfied with this shoe and highly recommend to anyone needing the wider widths.N.Mayo
 I love this shoe . It 's dressy , but casual enough for every day summer wear , and it 's comfortable for walking around every day . I bought one years ago at a retail store , then when they started breaking down I tried to find another shoe that fit the casual-dressy-comfortable category and could n't find anything else that came close . I found these here , and ordered the same ones I had before , and am very happy about it . Just wish they had the other colors in stock for size 6 !
 Very nice shoe it would be great if this style came in more colors . Shoes are comfortable and sturdy , great for walking .
 I ordered the Mimosa sandal in 7E Camel . It is true to size and comfortable . I love the style , looks dressy even as a low heel . The footpad inside is man-made material , but with stockings it is comfortable . Too bad the footpad is n't microfiber or something like that .
 very comfortable shoe . I have worn these for many years & have many colors . Good with casual or dressy . I was so happy I found the black again . For a long time they were n't available .
 This is a perfect sandal for dress or casual . I needed a navy pair to wear when I am working conferences and these are great . They are comfortable and look very neat with dresses or suits .
 This LifeStride shoe is one of the most comfortable shoes I have ever had - I like it so much I have it in three different colors . Even after wearing it all day my feet are feeling great . You ca n't go wrong with this shoe .
 I had a pair of shoes like these that I wore until they nearly fell apart . They were so very comfortable , and worked well with different types of outfits , including shorts and capris . The only problem , -LRB- which other people have mentioned -RRB- , is that they do tend to run narrow , so I would suggest buying them a width wider than you normally do.For a relatively inexpensive shoe , I think that they are a great value.Addendum
 I know these shoes are made of non-leather materials and usually would not even have tried them because of that . But , once on , they are the most moldable , soft , well fitting and supportive sandals I have . I have a complaint about the black rubber sole and stacked heel - the rubber is too soft and the back of the heel mars very easily . Another complaint is that they are so hard to find ! I have several pairs and will keep looking ...
 I purchased shoes from Overstock.com and the shoes were perfect . They arrived on time and the fit was exact . Will certainly order from the manufacturer again .
 I previously owned a pair of these sandals -LRB- over 5 years ago -RRB- which I really liked , but for some reason they no longer fit confortably . I decided to order them in a wide width thinking that might be the problem now that I no longer wear high heels , but more casual , loose fitting shoes . My new sandals fit beautifully . I can wear them all day long in complete comfort . I 'm really glad I gave them a second try because I really like the style and have always thought them to be an attractive shoe too .
 I do not ususally order shoes but I was very pleased with this purchase and Peltz Shoes . The shoes were shipped immediatley and I received them within 3 days . Would purchase from them again . Thanks
 I was disappointed that the color of the shoes looks more black than navy blue , but it does allow me to wear them with black or blue outfits . They are a little tight to start with , but with wear , I hope they will loosen a bit . Otherwise , they are fine .
 This is my second pair , in as many years . Comfortable , nice hieght and affordable .
 I have these sandals in five different colors . They are incredibly comfortable yet stylish , and can be worn with slacks or skirts for work or play . Although they are not leather , they look and feel just like it . Great for fashion-minded vegans or those looking for a comfortable , inexpensive sandal .
 Very comfortable and cute shoe . I wear a 9 AA and rarely find great colored shoes in my size . I bought these in aqua and am very happy with the fit and the look .
 I bought four pair of these in different colors . They are the SOFTEST shoes - they just hug your feet and feel like you 've slipped a soft little glove over your tootsies ! ;--RRB- I have long , narrow feet so being able to get them in my size was a plus as well . I am absolutely delighted with them .
 Very cute flat shoe . If your feet tend to swell however I would order a wide width . Other than that the shoe looks great with jeans or capri pants !
 I love these Life Stride Sandals . Can be worn when dressed up or casual . Very comfortable . Planning on purchasing more in several colors .
 I love these shoes and have them in blue , white and black . I find them very comfortable to walk in which I appreciate since I usually need orthodic inserts . fit true to size .
 I love these sandals and am unhappy that they are discontinued . If there are any out there in size 8 give me an email !
 I bought these shoes to wear to a wedding ... they were so comfortable I could have danced all night and nearly did !! Thank you !!
 I bought this shoe because I used to wear them for dancing , I do not dance any more but wanted the comfort and support these shoes provide . Great cushion on the innersole .
 i just started dance classes . . this are very nice . comfortable . went with just about everything i wore . i have then 6 months and holding up very well .
 I love these white shoes ! They make my feet appear so elegant and classy . It is a very well-constructed shoe , made of high-quality leather . Since it has a more sturdy leather sole , it can be worn anywhere , not just for ballroom dancing . These shoes would be perfect for a wedding or other formal occasion . The size 6.5 N was a very tight fit on me but there was no size 6.5 M available . I 'm hoping the good-quality leather will stretch over time ; But since dancing shoes are supposed to fit snugly anyway , these shoes will do very nicely for my ballroom dancing classes . At $ 38 compared to the $ 60 and up price at my local store , this was an unbeatable deal ! Thanks , Amazon !
 I am an aspiring theater actress in graduate school and I needed some character shoes for rehearsing.The heel is a perfect height . I am used to wearing higher heels for ` going out ' but these are great for acting , dancing , and moving in . They give you enough height to feel like a heel , but are low enough so you can actually do some REAL work . Sometimes high heels hurt and disconnect you from the much needed ` grounded ' feeling when working.They are really comfortable , break in nicely , and are great for auditioning.They are a tad narrow so if you have wide feet opt for a wider size.I LOVE my Capezios !!!
 This shoe is very nice , BUT , order your regular size ; it does not run large !! Bought these for my Mom and ordered a half size up based on the product description and will have to exchange them .
 These shoes are the best I have ever had ; they fit just fine ; they look great ! And the price was right!ghl
 My daughter need these specific character shoes for her Dance Club at college . The shows arrived in 2 days after placing the order , from NY a few dance after Hurricane Sandy . The shoes are amazing as Capezios are & the seller gave service beyond reproach . Highly recommend shoes & seller through Amazon !
 I 'd been very nervous about buying shoes online , but thanks to many of the previous reviewers , I was able to make a good choice on size . I usually wear a size 7 medium in street shoes , but because I 'd read that these shoes run narrow , I ordered a 7 wide , and they fit perfect . I was so relieved ! I 'd been looking for shoes for worship dance , with a heel not too high , but kind of dressy , and I think these are just right !
 This is a great shoe ! It was comfortable from the first time I wore it . The heel height is perfect -- not too high or too low . I ordered my usual street shoe size and the fit was just fine .
 Very comfortable shoe . Runs very close to shoe size ! I needed a shoe for an upcoming show and even beginners can use this shoe .
 These shoes are very comfortable and with the arch support even more so.Being leather makes these shoes far more durable .
 I purchased these boots for one of my sons for Christmas so I 'll have to write later what he thinks of them but I had to praise them on how fast they got here ! I ordered them yesterday and recieved them today . Awesome !
 I was in need of a new pair of sneakers to work out in . I just got back into the gym , and am also training for my first 5K . These sneakers are very supporative and COMFORTABLE . I really am very pleased with this purchase . I love the sneakers and I LOVE Amazon.com !!
 The best running shoes for the price ! . They are light , comfortable and pretty . I used to have a little pain in my toes while I ran , someone told me that it might have something to do with my running shoes so I changed from adidas to asics and I do n't have the little pain anymore . True to their size .
 I love this shoe . I had a pair previously and wore them forever . I wanted to replace them because of comfort and durability . I was able to find them on Amazon . I was very pleased with the vendor . Shoes arrived within a couple days . I will use this vendor again !
 The shoes arrived more quickly than I expected . They fit great . There is a lot of cushion in the heel , which I am sure will help with absorbing the high impact of running/exercising that so frequently gives me shin splints . An interesting and unexpected feature of the shoe is that a section of the front part is pure mesh which means it is super breathable .
 These were top-of-the-line shoes , when sold new , back then in 2003 -LRB- or what ever year it was -RRB- . However , from what I remember , the size 8 shoes had a slight quality control problem , or at least it seemed like it to me . The right shoe would sometimes be a little flatter in the sole , or maybe slightly uneven , or something like that . The left and right shoes would not be the same , in some way . If you happened to get a good pair , then you lucked out . They were comfortable , springy , and an excellent fit.They were also recommended for heavier runners , and I found that they definitely cushioned out and reduced any pavement shock on my knees and other joints.That 's why when I saw recently that this particular model was still available , I bought a pair . The pair I recently got are not perfect . The right side feels a little bumpy in one spot . However , even so , they are currently my most favorite and most comfortable pair of shoes , which I wear all the time .
 Very good product . My sister is happy with them . I recommend other women to try .
 I purchased these shoes with another type of running asics . The others were to narrow and gave me blisters after 4 miles . This not the case with te GT-2110 . They fit great . I have narrow feet and they still seem to fit great . They are also really comfortable . I have n't received any blisters with these asics . I will be purchasing these shoes again .
 My running shoe for the past 25 years has been the GT . There is not much difference between the older and newer models except the price . The GT 2110 is not the latest model , but like all of the GTs , they go from the box to my feet , with no break-in period . I highly recommend this shoe .
 Love the Asics brand , but should of purchased the gel opposed to the Gt-2110 ... I switch this pair w/my other running shoe ; Nike ... prefer the Asics brand , but my mistake not purchasing a more substantial running shoe ... but , still a great shoe !
 The entire ASICS-GT line from the GT-1000 to the most recent GT-2120 are by far the best value for runners!I used to wear Nike , until I read in Runner 's World Magazine that the ASICS GT-1100 was the Editor 's Choice for best overall running shoe , so I thought , why not ? In the past I 've dealt with shin splints , knee pain and plantar fasciitis -LRB- a.k.a. really sore feet -RRB- , but my ASICS 1100s kept me healthy and comfortable , and relatively stylish . I 've been a committed Asics devotee since.I own ASICS Kayano running shoes , which cost $ 135 - considerably more than the GT series - and truthfully , I find no difference between the two except for the price . Also , there is not much difference within the GT series . I 've owned GT-1100 , GT-1120 , GT-2110 and GT-2120 - all are superior . So , find the style and color to suit your budget - and enjoy comfortable running to your heart 's content -LRB- or until you rack up 300 miles , after which you should replace your Asics as all running shoes start to lose their support and stability after around 300 miles . FYI - many local track clubs have programs in which they collect retired running shoes and donate them to impoverished children and adults . Spread the Asics comfort ! Because though the shoes are no longer optimal for running after 300 miles , they still make great `` kick-around '' shoes and are cute and fun for casual wear . Sorry about the digression ... If you run short or medium distances -LRB- < 30 miles per week -RRB- , this is the shoe for you .
 I started running again after many years . I bought average shoes due to not knowing if I would stick with it . After a few weeks of my feet hurting and feeling like they were numb I went and got fitted for shoes . These shoes had the `` ah '' factor right away . I did n't truly believe the `` shoe factor '' that states the shoes are everything . Boy was I wrong !!! They made an unbelievable difference and now 9 months later I am still running and have even entered several races . I would n't do it without these shoes . My running partner agrees . Her knees are not in good shape , but she is now doing great with these shoes . We 're believers !
 I have bought this style for the past 3 years . It is a great workout shoe . It is light and comfortable . Great arch support .
 I have been a fan of ASICS shoes for many years my feet tend to overpronate , which puts a terrible strain on my knees and arches . Asics duomax technology allows me to run comfortably which I love to do but stopped for many years due to the strain on my joints , until I found these shoes . I absolutely love these shoes they have helped me regain the confidence and comfort to enjoy running again . This is the only type of shoe I will ever buy and has been the only one I have bought for 7 years now ! I highly recommend this shoe ! Especially if your feet tend to overpronate .
 I have very very flat feet and over pronate like nobodies business . Most trainers cant believe I have trained for and completed races without knee injuries -LRB- or even shin splints -RRB- . My secret weapon-my Asics GT 's . Ladies and Gentlemen if you can appreciate lightweight shoes , that contour to broader feet and keep your feet cool - you will love these shoes ! I forget Im wearing them because they fit so well . A definite plus when you are trying to focus on pushing yourself through.Like most Asics owners I am a devotee and buy them exclusively . I went shoe shopping after having my son and tried Nike 's and New Balances even Reeboks . The last pair I tried on were my Asics and I have n't looked back . I feel a little sad when I have to retire them . Now when I see Asics owners around I always compliment them on their fine choice !
 I recently bought a pair of these , and they 've been excellent from the first time I wore them out running . A long-time fan of Asics , this was my first pair from the 2100 series , and it seems to be a wonderful choice . Before this , I had one pair of the Gel-1070 and two of the Gel-1080 . This shoe has a really nice design on the heel , and the mesh on the rest of the shoe gives it a light , yet sturdy , feel . When I first tried them on , it felt as comfortable as some of the other running shoes I have that are already broken-in . I 've got fairly narrow feet , and these fit me well , although I 've read a few reviews in running magazines that say they 'd be good for folks with wider feet . Plenty of room in the toe box . I typically wear a size 7 -LRB- womens -RRB- and ended up going with a 6.5 for this shoe ; do n't know if it others would run into this issue .
 I tried on a bunch of different brands of shoes , trying to find the most comfortable . I usually wear New Balance , but thought I would see if there is anything more comfy out there . I fell in love with a pair of Asics . Before buying , I decided to go to a shoe store and tried on several different pairs of Asics
 I love these shoes ! My personal trainer recommended them , and I purchased them from Amazon . They come in some cool colors - when she saw them , she said `` Where did you get orange ? '' : -RRB- My only problem
 Great shoes . This is the fourth pair of ASICS that I have purchased . I have small , wide feet . The support near the toes is giving enough to not cause blisters and the arch support is just right for a slow runner like me . I will continue to buy this brand for running .
 Like the previous reviewer , I also had to buy a 1/2 size smaller than what I normally wear . I recommend it with these sneakers unless you need a wider size .
 These were the exact shoes I wanted and they came very fast and the price was excellent .
 I am an asics fan . I check Amazon and other web sites for the best price before I purchase . Amazon consistently has the selection and best price . greta kilpinen
 Great shoes for aerobic workouts ! The shoes fit well with arch supports and I 'm enjoying the Asics . My podiatrist is a fan of Asics , and I am too !
 I finished a marathon on this pair of shoes - and I do n't think I could have done it without them ! I used to use a Reebok prior until 2009 , which I thought was the best shoes on earth -LRB- bought the same model twice -RRB- . But when I tried running on these shoes for the first time in 2010 , I fell in love . Long distance running never felt so light and easy ! Since then I only buy Asics . I bought another model last year , it was okay but not as good as this one - so I think my next purchase would definitely be this exact same pair !
 The entire process of buying shoes online really worried me but after ordering this pair online I must say I now have another item I wo n't mind buying again . The fit was perfect and it made shopping from home easy .
 I love Asics GT sneakers . They are great for walking or running . I use them for biking too . Very comfortable and good support , flexible too .
 These shoes offer a lot of cushioning and enough support . I like the looks and performance of the shoe and like them even better than the 2150 's which seem stiffer and less cushioned . I will use them for my longer runs and as they are being made I will purchase them again
 I purchased these shoes - then re-read my order and realized that I had ordered the wrong size . I contacted the company to report this error - but they had already shipped the item . However , they send a email immediately , explaining how to return the shoes and giving me the necessary information for the return . I would endorse this company as very high - as their customer service is excellent .
 I previously bought this shoe and loved it so much rather than getting a new Nike shoe , I chose to go back to get a new pair of this same one . They have n't failed me yet and I know they wo n't in the future !
 I worried a little about ordering `` on line '' for walking shoes without trying them on , but had worn these same style Asics before . They were too expensive in the stores for my taste , so I decided to take a chance . They are wonderful ! Just like the others I had worn . They were shipped quickly and the transaction was smoothe as silk.Order on line and be pleased and save a BUNDLE !!
 This is my 3rd pair of Asics and this particular style is great for running , no break-in time required !
 I found the ASICS GT-2110 really comfortable and great for a lightweight shoe , until I increased my running distance . When I got up to 30 miles per week and was due for a new pair of running shoes , I tried several and ended up buying a different brand - a heavier , sturdier pair with more support . The heavier shoe feels better with this increased mileage . I recommend periodic re-evaluation as factors such as distance , speed , etc. change .
 Just got these , just took a spin in them for the first time today . Great shoe ... comfortable , supportive -LRB- and I pronate -RRB- , excellent cushioning in the heel , perfect fit ! I ca n't find a bad thing to say about them !
 I highly recommend Roadrunner Sports and I will order from them in the future . My shoes fit wonderfully . In fact , they are the best pair I own to help with my Plantar fasciitis . I did have a problem with them so I contacted Roadrunner -- they immediately e mailed me a free shipping slip and I received a replacement pair in just a few days . They were so helpful and nice -- their customer service is amazing .
 I have been a loyal customer of the ASICS GT-line for over 10 years and I have not yet been disappointed .
 I ordered the GT-2110 through the Amazon marketplace , and this was my first time working with Road Runner Sports . My order was shipped immediately , and I received it in less time than was originally estimated . I would definitely do business with them again !
 Great shoe . I 've been running in Asics for years . The shoes were shipped quickly , I 'd buy from them again .
 Definitely going to shop on Amazon at Roadrunners again . I got a great deal and then an extra $ 30 off because I bought 2 pairs . These Asics are a great go-to shoe for the intermediate runner .
 My previous pair of running shoes was the GT-2100 . I wore them for about 3-4 years and til they finally wore out , but I loved them so much I did n't bother looking for a different type of new running shoe ! I had heard many great things about the entire 2100 series and would have loved to get the newest version -LRB- I think the 2140 is the latest as of now -RRB- but they were a little bit more expensive and I was on a budget . I thought these were a great price and a great value , and I bet there 's not really much difference between the 2110 and the 2140 . The shoe is so comfortable to run in , they fit me perfectly , and my feet or knees never hurt ! I 'm sure I will always continue to buy my running shoes from the GT-2100 line !!
 Buy em , you wo n't be disappointed . I was experiencing alot of front ankle pain on the treadmill , no longer . Treading comfortably now .
 I have been running in this Asics series ever since I found them . They are a good fit , with a roomy enough toe box for a wider women 's foot , but not too wide . They are supportive but light , maybe not suitable for a overpronator , but fine for a normal step . My only disappointment is that they wear out very quickly with regular use . All the asics in the 1900 and now 2000 series break down really fast . I often have splitting seems within a few days and the overall cushioning , support , and outer parts of the shoe wear out fast .
 This shoe is a replacement pair for a similar shoe by ASICS and is ` as advertised ' . I hate paying these prices for a running shoe yet once again am glad the money was well spent on a reliable product . This shoe is comfortable and lightweight ... just what I wanted !
 While I would n't say that this shoe is exceptional , it provides good , comfortable support without any excessive wear . Asics have always been to me the most comfortable running shoe , but in the past I wore out the back fabric very quickly . I have had these shoes for over three months without any wear showing ... I walk a minimum of 2.5 miles 5 days a week , sometimes more . Nothing negative to say .
 I run 20 - 30 miles a week and go through running shoes quite frequently . I have found ASICS to have the best fit for me , and I switched from the Cumulus Model 10 to the GT-2110 in an effort to find a more economical , but still great , ASICS shoe.The fit is great , and this shoe has the GEL performance to it . The main difference between this shoe and the higher-costing Cumulus model is the amount of cushion to it . There is much less cushion in this shoe , and as a result there is more jarring and impact while running.This shoe would be great for speed walking or lighter/shorter running workouts , but for big mileage weeks I will be switching back to the Cumulus model .
 For the money , this is one of the best running shoes I have ever worn . They give excellent support , and as has been pointed out , the break-in time is excellent . I do have several different pairs of running shoes and constantly rotate them , day by day . The last pair of these I have has a little over 700 miles on them and are wearing quite well . As has been recommended , you might want to consider a half size down from what you normally wear if you have a narrow foot . I hate to buy my running shoes without trying them on but took a chance on these and have been quite happy with the results.I do a lot of trail running mixed with my regular road work , and the shoe performs well in both environments . They are a nice looking shoe ; not too fancy and with out a lot of the whistles and bells you find on so many running shoes today - I like this.If you are into running big time though , and I probably do n't have to tell you this , it is a good idea to have multiple pairs going at once as the shoes need a bit of a rest from time to time.Overall , I am very happy with these and the pair I owned prieviously .
 I needed a supportive shoe for an exercising boot camp and I was a little worried about buying it before having the chance to try it on . I 'm a true 7.5 but some shoes are cut differently and I wind up in a 7 . I am very pleased with these . They fit perfectly and are very comfortable . So while we 're getting our butts kicked at boot camp , at least my feet do n't hurt . The little things mean so much !!
 I thought my ASICS GT 2100 were the best and most comfortable running shoe I have ever worn ; but that changed once I received my GT 2110 , these shoe 's have the comfort and stability that basically shapes to your foot and the added cushion inside does not cause your foot to feel cramped . Very comfortable and lightweight .
 I am very happy with my ASICS GT-2110 . They came quickly and were exactly what I thought they 'd be . Dependable seller with quality product . Highly recommend !
 I love these shoes , they are so comfortable and give great support . These are my second pair . The merchant got them to me really fast and I appreciate that . Though when I ordered I thought the amazon site specified free shipping so I was surprised at that .
 GT-2110 is very comfortable and has great support for your foot . Also , gives good support for ankle , knee , and ultimately your back .
 I have been running track for four years now . My first year I bought a pair of NIKEs and half way through the season my feet began to give me issues and I had to get arch supports . My second year I went to a professional and they recommended ASICS to me because they had a good variety and they had shows that would fit my narrow but long foot . Its my third year buying the 2110 's . They are simply amazing and I could n't ask for a better shoe . Of course you have to replace them each season but , what do you expect ?
 I have flat arches which means I tend to get shin splints and planter fascitis ... not once with these shoes ! I am getting my third pair now and have worn these shoes for over a year now ... love them . And I wear them all day most days and to run 5Ks . They last me about 6 months each pair ... but that will all depend on how much you wear them .
 I recently started running about 15-20 miles a week . I had a great pair of new running shoes but I noticed that my feet would ache toward the end of the week . These ASICS GT-2110 were written in Women 's Health to be the best running shoe for pronators . I have loved the support the shoes give me but mostly , my feet are not tired or aching anymore . They are very comfortable and lightweight . It 's also about 120 degrees where I run as so far they have withstood the harsh conditions here .
 I have owned Asics GT-2130 and GT-2120 , so when I was looking for another pair after the old ones wore out , I went with these . They 're exactly what I wanted . Fit true to size , good support , not too wide -LRB- I have narrow feet -RRB- . Just what I was thought I was ordering .
 After breaking my ankle several years ago , my physical therapist recommended these shoes . They were immediately comfortable from the first moment I put them on - no breaking in period . I wore them for 3 years , even after they were long past their useful life , because I could n't find another pair in stores . After looking them up online , I ordered a second new pair and could n't be happier . Perfect for my sometimes unstable ankle and tendency to pronate , cushy and comfortable .
 I have purchased many running shoes and since I need orthotics , they all seem to run small . This shoe is super light and my orthotics fit right in with no issues at all . I would definitely recommend these for anyone . Avid runners or casual walkers . They are just plain comfy !
 I run in Asics GT 21XXI love these & the price is perfect.Delivery was fast .
 I absolutely love these shoes . This is at least the 6th pair that I 've had .
 my feet are a big wide . this shoe fits me great - no slipping in the heal . great cushioning and stability
 Asics GT-2110 is my first pair of running shoes -- ever ! There is only one word to describe these sneakers ... HEAVEN . I was free of the agonizing pains most runners endure such as foot cramps , shin splints etc. . I definitely lucked out with these running shoes , however Asics has discontinued them . If I could find a similiar pair in comfort and style I would purchase another pair .
 This is my second pair of Asics and I just love these shoes . These were n't the more expensive pair I wanted by Asics but are great anyway . I have a bad knee and my feet need extra support . These shoes are comfy and true to size . Although I do think they could have maybe a little more support for my low arch . But for the price I think they are great .
 I have worn Asics sneakers for many years and would never buy anything else . I recently bought a walking sneaker , then I saw this running one and decided to try it since I want to try and start running.The first time I jogged on the treadmill in it , I noticed how I did n't feel any pressure on my knee as I sometimes do . Very sturdy , very comfortable and well fitting shoes . I would have loved them in black though , but who 's looking at colour!Excellent .
 I was surprised to find out how light these moccasins felt . They are so soft and comfortable ! You hardly realize you are wearing them . These are a nice shoe to wear on the hot days of summer . Highly recommend them .
 You ca n't go wrong with this sandal . It has drain holes for use in the water , very durable and they 're very comfortable . Even without wearing sandals all year I can put them on for a week and no blisters . What more could you ask for .
 Empresa muito eficiente e boa no trato pessoal . Fez a entrega na data prevista de acordo com que foi solicitado .
 Wow ... these sandals are the most amazing pieces of flip flop footwear that have ever graced my feet.Been wearing them every day for about 3 years , finally my big toe has wore a hole through so it 's time to get some new ones ! I 'm so excited they 're still available , thank you Cobian and Amazon . Gon na have to get a couple pairs . I like the Black , they go with everything , but I think the official sandal of heaven is going to be those white ones up there . NICE.Very powerful and sturdy strap , I think I 've worn 15 other sandals that I ripped the center strap thing right through , and then I go around flopping instead of flipflopping , usually ruining a pretty good sockless day.If you do n't have a pair of these , you need them . The draining factor was kinda like a gee whiz sure why not sorta thing , but after having them for three years ... I WILL NEVER GET A NON DRAINING SANDAL AGAIN . Geniuses ! All these Cobian guys need a raise ... Fantastic Sandal ! -LRB- In for two more pair after writing this review -RRB- - Anita 's Husband , Joe
 this is truly the best shoe i 've ever bought , and trust me , i 've had em all , nike , brooks , nb etc etc. . THIS IS NOT JUST FOR TRAIL RUNNING . i use mine on trails and on the street and the shoe does great on both . i got these after having these recommended to me by a guy at galyans after i explained that my knees sometimes played up after a lacrosse injury . these shoes just make it a pleasure to run . really chushiony , totally eliminated my knee pains , great grip when i do go on the trails ! would totally recommend these to anyone . my friend borrowed them yesterday and was so impressed that she 's going to get herself a pair today !
 I bought this shoe because I used to wear them for dancing , I do not dance any more but wanted the comfort and support these shoes provide . Great cushion on the innersole .
 i just started dance classes . . this are very nice . comfortable . went with just about everything i wore . i have then 6 months and holding up very well .
 I love these white shoes ! They make my feet appear so elegant and classy . It is a very well-constructed shoe , made of high-quality leather . Since it has a more sturdy leather sole , it can be worn anywhere , not just for ballroom dancing . These shoes would be perfect for a wedding or other formal occasion . The size 6.5 N was a very tight fit on me but there was no size 6.5 M available . I 'm hoping the good-quality leather will stretch over time ; But since dancing shoes are supposed to fit snugly anyway , these shoes will do very nicely for my ballroom dancing classes . At $ 38 compared to the $ 60 and up price at my local store , this was an unbeatable deal ! Thanks , Amazon !
 I am an aspiring theater actress in graduate school and I needed some character shoes for rehearsing.The heel is a perfect height . I am used to wearing higher heels for ` going out ' but these are great for acting , dancing , and moving in . They give you enough height to feel like a heel , but are low enough so you can actually do some REAL work . Sometimes high heels hurt and disconnect you from the much needed ` grounded ' feeling when working.They are really comfortable , break in nicely , and are great for auditioning.They are a tad narrow so if you have wide feet opt for a wider size.I LOVE my Capezios !!!
 This shoe is very nice , BUT , order your regular size ; it does not run large !! Bought these for my Mom and ordered a half size up based on the product description and will have to exchange them .
 These shoes are the best I have ever had ; they fit just fine ; they look great ! And the price was right!ghl
 My daughter need these specific character shoes for her Dance Club at college . The shows arrived in 2 days after placing the order , from NY a few dance after Hurricane Sandy . The shoes are amazing as Capezios are & the seller gave service beyond reproach . Highly recommend shoes & seller through Amazon !
 I 'd been very nervous about buying shoes online , but thanks to many of the previous reviewers , I was able to make a good choice on size . I usually wear a size 7 medium in street shoes , but because I 'd read that these shoes run narrow , I ordered a 7 wide , and they fit perfect . I was so relieved ! I 'd been looking for shoes for worship dance , with a heel not too high , but kind of dressy , and I think these are just right !
 This is a great shoe ! It was comfortable from the first time I wore it . The heel height is perfect -- not too high or too low . I ordered my usual street shoe size and the fit was just fine .
 Very comfortable shoe . Runs very close to shoe size ! I needed a shoe for an upcoming show and even beginners can use this shoe .
 These shoes are very comfortable and with the arch support even more so.Being leather makes these shoes far more durable .
 this is truly the best shoe i 've ever bought , and trust me , i 've had em all , nike , brooks , nb etc etc. . THIS IS NOT JUST FOR TRAIL RUNNING . i use mine on trails and on the street and the shoe does great on both . i got these after having these recommended to me by a guy at galyans after i explained that my knees sometimes played up after a lacrosse injury . these shoes just make it a pleasure to run . really chushiony , totally eliminated my knee pains , great grip when i do go on the trails ! would totally recommend these to anyone . my friend borrowed them yesterday and was so impressed that she 's going to get herself a pair today !
 I love this shoe . It 's dressy , but casual enough for every day summer wear , and it 's comfortable for walking around every day . I bought one years ago at a retail store , then when they started breaking down I tried to find another shoe that fit the casual-dressy-comfortable category and could n't find anything else that came close . I found these here , and ordered the same ones I had before , and am very happy about it . Just wish they had the other colors in stock for size 6 !
 Very nice shoe it would be great if this style came in more colors . Shoes are comfortable and sturdy , great for walking .
 I ordered the Mimosa sandal in 7E Camel . It is true to size and comfortable . I love the style , looks dressy even as a low heel . The footpad inside is man-made material , but with stockings it is comfortable . Too bad the footpad is n't microfiber or something like that .
 very comfortable shoe . I have worn these for many years & have many colors . Good with casual or dressy . I was so happy I found the black again . For a long time they were n't available .
 This is a perfect sandal for dress or casual . I needed a navy pair to wear when I am working conferences and these are great . They are comfortable and look very neat with dresses or suits .
 This LifeStride shoe is one of the most comfortable shoes I have ever had - I like it so much I have it in three different colors . Even after wearing it all day my feet are feeling great . You ca n't go wrong with this shoe .
 I had a pair of shoes like these that I wore until they nearly fell apart . They were so very comfortable , and worked well with different types of outfits , including shorts and capris . The only problem , -LRB- which other people have mentioned -RRB- , is that they do tend to run narrow , so I would suggest buying them a width wider than you normally do.For a relatively inexpensive shoe , I think that they are a great value.Addendum
 I know these shoes are made of non-leather materials and usually would not even have tried them because of that . But , once on , they are the most moldable , soft , well fitting and supportive sandals I have . I have a complaint about the black rubber sole and stacked heel - the rubber is too soft and the back of the heel mars very easily . Another complaint is that they are so hard to find ! I have several pairs and will keep looking ...
 I purchased shoes from Overstock.com and the shoes were perfect . They arrived on time and the fit was exact . Will certainly order from the manufacturer again .
 I previously owned a pair of these sandals -LRB- over 5 years ago -RRB- which I really liked , but for some reason they no longer fit confortably . I decided to order them in a wide width thinking that might be the problem now that I no longer wear high heels , but more casual , loose fitting shoes . My new sandals fit beautifully . I can wear them all day long in complete comfort . I 'm really glad I gave them a second try because I really like the style and have always thought them to be an attractive shoe too .
 I do not ususally order shoes but I was very pleased with this purchase and Peltz Shoes . The shoes were shipped immediatley and I received them within 3 days . Would purchase from them again . Thanks
 This is my second pair , in as many years . Comfortable , nice hieght and affordable .
 I have these sandals in five different colors . They are incredibly comfortable yet stylish , and can be worn with slacks or skirts for work or play . Although they are not leather , they look and feel just like it . Great for fashion-minded vegans or those looking for a comfortable , inexpensive sandal .
 Very comfortable and cute shoe . I wear a 9 AA and rarely find great colored shoes in my size . I bought these in aqua and am very happy with the fit and the look .
 I bought four pair of these in different colors . They are the SOFTEST shoes - they just hug your feet and feel like you 've slipped a soft little glove over your tootsies ! ;--RRB- I have long , narrow feet so being able to get them in my size was a plus as well . I am absolutely delighted with them .
 Very cute flat shoe . If your feet tend to swell however I would order a wide width . Other than that the shoe looks great with jeans or capri pants !
 I love these Life Stride Sandals . Can be worn when dressed up or casual . Very comfortable . Planning on purchasing more in several colors .
 I love these shoes and have them in blue , white and black . I find them very comfortable to walk in which I appreciate since I usually need orthodic inserts . fit true to size .
 I love these sandals and am unhappy that they are discontinued . If there are any out there in size 8 give me an email !
 I bought these shoes to wear to a wedding ... they were so comfortable I could have danced all night and nearly did !! Thank you !!
 I bought this shoe in mimosa and navy . I need the wide width . The sizing was very true.I am very satisfied with this shoe and highly recommend to anyone needing the wider widths.N.Mayo
 Awesome !! Around for years , with no reason to change !!
 the shoes were awesome quality , shipped very quickly , but i guess that style runs big , i usually wear an 11 , ordered that . they were huge , had to send them back .
 I have been wanting these shoes for some time now but when I would go to buy them , they didnt carry my size . People would just tell me that chucks didnt come in half sizes and would want me to by a size that didnt fit me . I knew better went online and got them cheaper and with free shipping . I love the internet
 I bought these for my nephew 's birthday and they were exactly what he wanted . They arrived in the right amount of time and in perfect condition . Would recommend this seller to anyone .
 A great shoe with a classic look . These are nicer for wet days than the canvas and are lasting longer . They look great & are well made .
 These look so nice . I was trying to imagine them in leather when I ordered them for DH 's Christmas present . He wears them all the time and they still look new . He reports they are very comfortable . Loves 'em ! PS I 'm not a kid , just did n't want my name all over the net .
 An old school shoe , with style . How did our feet survive these things ? Oh , that 's right , they did n't .
 I 've been wearing the black , classic low converse for several years now and it came that time I needed a replacement pair . Beals Florida shipped it faster than the other items I had ordered from Amazon that same day . Was definitely worth it for the price , and of course the shoes are one of life 's little necessities for some of us .
 EXCELLENT BUY . I 'M ENJOYING MY SHOES AND I 'M FEELING LIKE WILL SMITH , JE JEEEEE . I RECEIVED MY SHOES IN THE OFFICIAL CONVERSE BOX . THEY ARE ORIGINAL AND TOTALLY NEW .
 the chucks , of course their cool , comfy and fun . I love the color , have n't seen anyone else walking the street with these yet ! My only complaint is that they are a little to big . I usually wear a size 8 and would be pushing it to be in a 7.5 . I want these for comfort so I ordered an 8 . Too long . Looks a little goofy . Order a size smaller than you usually would or they will likely be too long .
 What can I say ? These shoes are insanely comfortable and go with everything . The more worn they get the better they look .
 After being associated with the 50 's hipster and the 70 's hippie , the 80 's punk and now the millennium prepster these shoes have made the journey across time and generation . Made with a canvas material and a rubber soul these shoes stand the test of time and once thier broken in will quickly become your favorite pair of shoes . No matter the winter or the summer you 'll find yourself pulling these out of the closet to pair with your jeans or your skirt . And owning one pair is never enough . A pair in every color low and high is definitly required for the true converse wearer . Buy your first pair today to emmerse yourself in a true piece of history and the future
 I 'm a huge sneaker freak and have to say these shoes are some of my favorites . Comfortable and stylish they look great with my 511 skinny leg jeans . I will always keep a pair of these in my collection .
 Lots of people complain about the forty dollar price for Converse Chuck Taylor shoes but BELIEVE me they are worth it ! I have been wearing the same two pairs of black hi-tops and blue hi-tops since March of 2002 and while they are `` broken in '' they only look better with age and the comfort level is very high.When I bought these shoes in 2002 they were the first `` Asian Converse '' I had owned and I feared that they would n't hold up as long as the Made in USA Chuck Taylors that I had grown up wearing ... that fear was in vain because they have lasted as long as I could have hoped for . I also have a pair of white low-tops made in the 1990 's before production left the USA that I wear on a regular basis and a pair of Converse One Star Low-Tops from the same era which show no signs of wearing out.During the `` Converse will stop production Scare '' before Nike bought the brand I went and bought six new pairs of converse and four of these are still unworn in the box so at age 40 I very possibly have enough Converse to last the rest of my life if the service I have gotten from these black and blue Hi-Tops is any indication : -RRB-
 My grandson loved them , he has a hard time to find shoes , because of his foot size -LRB- 14 -RRB- , so he was glad when I found them.The price on these are very reasonable & fast delivery .
 Great product ! I bought them for my power lifing training and they are great so far !
 I have these shoes in brown . I have been complimented several times on these shoes , and they match everything . I do n't dress for comfort , but these are pretty comfortable . The only problem is that they look old quickly .
 I used to have a pair of Chuck Taylor 's as a kid -LRB- and that was a while ago -RRB- as great cheap knock around shoes . Price has gone up a fair bit , but these monochrome shoes look great ; classic styling , updated a bit.One small caveat ; these shoes have little internal padding and have a lot more room inside than normal software in the same size . The retailer I purchased from mentioned they are about a 1/2 size larger than other shoes .
 We could not find these anywhere in the stores for under $ 60.00 . I was very happy with the price and the delivery was right on time . They were a gift and it was exactly what she wanted.Thanks , Theresa
 This was one of the smoothest deals I have ever dealt with , and I will do business again in the future . The service was great .
 Very cool shoes , decent price and a very quick shipper . what more could you ask for ?
 ordered for christmas for teen daughter , could n't find anywhere in stores , so thanks ! Appreciated the fast shipping too !
 Converse All-Stars are the all-American shoe , and the black monochrome goes with everything . Seriously ; I 've worn these to the opera .
 I really like these shoes . I use them for weightlifting/running . My only warning is that they run quite big . I had to order 1.5 sizes smaller than I usually do , but they work fine . My first pair got torn up a lot around the lace-holes , but I think that was because they were too big . My current pair has no problems so far .
 i have not to much to say , this product is nice and i like it to much
 These shoes are light and comfortable to walk around in all day . Thier sizing is a little confusing . These run about one size larger than most shoes . I recommend using extra or replacement insoles .
 I stand on my feet for 7 hours at a time in a professional job . This is my shoe w / a walking insole inside I work it out just fine and no one notices I have on sneaks ! I am on my fourth pair and looking for several replacements . Works great w / slacks or khaki pants . -LRB- make sure if you are getting them as an alternative to a ladies dress shoe get the all blk w / the all blk gumsole and all blk laces -RRB- Most dress shoes for ladies are very very uncomfortable even though they are fashionable and this one does both very well . The fact that I can machine wash makes them even more likeable .
 excellent converse all star . the product was well described and satisfied my needs . the shipment has been quick
 The shoe itself is cute ! Very bright colorful ... and well pink . The only worry/complaint i have is that maybe its a bit too big ? Maybe the reviews i read after i bought the item scared me making me wish that i would have gone down a size . So instead of an 8 maybe a 7.5 would have been nice ? Well what can you do ... you cant shrink em and they are cute . Im sure i can work it all out ! The delivery estimate of the package was right on time . The seller was awesome ! So all in all its pretty good : P
 Thanks for the service , is very good!The product buy is of good quality , y arrived in the estimated time , I 'm very happy with the service ... Thanks ! and '' Happy New Year 2012 `` Sincerely ; Angel Clark.Puerto Ordaz , Venezuela .
 These shoes are what I was looking for . . but , they do run a little big . So be sure to get a size down from your regular size . I wear 10 1/2 But i could probably wear a 10 or even 9 in this shoe . . They are comfortable and you cant beat the price . . shipping was pretty face as well .
 Greetings , the purchase was made as effective as I have in my hands the product without any sort of trouble . Completely safe.Saludos , la compra fue efectuada de efectiva , ya tengo en mis manos el producto , sin ningun tipo de inconvenientes . Completamente seguro .
 Thank you for sending this fast and correct ! These are my daughter 's favorite shoes and when her old pair finally got holes in the soles she put these on her Birthday list . She unwrapped them and immediately they were on her feet !
 Hi , Can anyone tell me how to buy the item ? I can only select the size or the color , but never both , so I can not buy the item . And I do n't know how to contact the seller . Thank you !
 This is standard issue footwear for anyone who wants the `` look '' of indie rock -LRB- the others are t-shirts that look to be from a redneck bar circa 1978 but really came from a suburban Old Navy circa 2010 and those `` washed-out '' blue jeans that were purchased at the same Old Navy -RRB- . The shoes are grossly unfit for any athletic activity -LRB- I do n't know how the heck I survived playing street hockey in these things as a teenager -RRB- , provide no protection against the cold or stepping on sharp objects , begin to smell horribly after 9 + months of use and have a tendency to have the sole tear away from the rest of the shoe after those 9 months -LRB- if the smell has n't destroyed them yet -RRB- . But their coolness factor will never , ever be replicated by any footwear , past , present or future -LRB- the Roman sandal gave them a run for their money in the 1980s by the garage punk band Thee Mighty Caesars , but that 's another story -RRB- . Everyone should own a pair of these shoes at least once in their lifetimes .
 The Last time I wore a pair of these , my codename was Roadrunner , fastest boy in the universe ... lol.I bought these more for the nostalgiathan anything else.I have no complaints
 The shoes are very cool . And so is the price . Fast shipping also .
 It was here in no time , we appreciate the speedyness especially when your little daughter is expecting it , it came the day it was suppose to ... . maybe one day earlier . Thanks !
 These shoes were 20 $ cheaper than the sale price on the converse website . The shoes seem to be authentic . Shipping was fast .
 the shoes are great , they were in mint condition when i received them . i could n't be happier
 My fiance wanted some new converse shoes for his birthday , so I searched the internet for awhile trying to find the best deal , this was definitely it ! It was the best price paired with free shipping , and they came within a week , so that was great ! They 've also held up very well , and he loves them , so they get quite a bit of use !
 I ordered these for my 18 year old son . He LOVES them . Has a purple shirt that he wears with them - bought them about 10 months ago and he has worn them so much that they are almost worn out - that 's how much he likes them . I would buy him more , but he is going into the military soon . Love Lo Purple Chuck Norris Converse ! Thanks Amazon .
 I love my Converse . A Chuck Taylor is always stylish !! And they always look good with casual clothing .
 I am a 20-year-old female , and I was first introduced to Converse All-Star shoes in the 7th grade . Since I was a young child , I have always had trouble buying shoes due to the size of my feet . My feet are small length wise , but none of the shoes in my size are ever able to accomodate the width of my feet . I normally wear a size 7.5 in shoes , but I always have to go up to a 9 or 10 just to make up for this discrepency . Converse are the first shoes I found that are true to size , and I no longer have to go around with floppy clown feet . The shoes are unisex , comfortable for extended wear , and , though they get dirty very easily , a quick wash on the delicate setting in the washer will make them like new again . I have never had to `` break in '' a pair of these shoes like most new shoes require , so my Converse collection will likely continue to grow . I now own a pair in black , monochrome black , navy , pink , purple , and green . As soon as they wear out -LRB- which takes awhile -- I am currently wearing a black pair that I bought in 2005 and wear several times a week -RRB- , I will be sure to invest in more .
 I have been looking for a black pair of Chucks for a long time and I love these shoes !
 Hello , I knew this Converse on `` I Robot '' movie , I was looking for it on internet and finally I found and bought them here , I received it today , I 'm very happy with transaction , It has been clear and really quickly.Thanks and regards from Spain.PS
 THIS SHOES I AM USING TO MY WORK , MY HOUSE , TO GO TO UNIVRSITY AND TO ALL.I AM FROM DOMINICAN REPUBLIC AND I KNOW THAT CONVERSE HAS SUPPERED MY KNOWLEDGE ABOUT SHOES , I RECOMENDED YOU THAT BUY IT THIS BRAND BECAUSE IT THE BETTER AND IT IS BEATIFUL
 Fuer alle die auch ein bischen deutsch koennen.Der Service von dieser Firma ist schnell und perfect.Our next pair of Chucks we will get from this companie again
 I was Larry Bird for halloween and what better way to complete the costume then with Green Chucks ! They were fantastic !
 These converse came just as I expected , since I wear converse I knew what to expect . I usually wear a 9.5 in women but go down half a size in these guys and they fit perfect -LRB- 7 in converse -RRB- . Good price too , cheaper than usual .
 These shoes were exactly what my son wanted for Christmas . He loves them . They run true to size and they are comfortable . He has a hard time keeping the tongue straight on the shoes . When he tightens the laces , it will stay in place .
 My teenager loves these Chuck Taylor 's and he is so happy that he received them for his Christmas present.He says they are very comfortable and they look good with his skinny jeans too!Also a great price too .
 These were a Christmas gift for my son in Kentucky . He is a photographer and does a lot of work with breast cancer survivors and did a photo project with the women before and after treatment . Always wears the pink sneakers so people will ask him why . His other pair was quite tatered so I was extremely happy to find a replacement .
 I knew what I was buying , it was an OK price and it arrived , new , clean and on time . Been wearing them for 50 years .
 My granddaughter asked for these at Christmas . She thinks they are awesome and ca n't wait to wear them to school in the new year .
 I bought these for my daughter and she loves them ! The sizing seems to run a bit big though . She normally wears a 7.5 - I got her a 7 and they fit perfectly . Shipping was quick and price was good .
 Bought as a replacement for kid brother . Item as describe ! Size is true and recommended for teens since shoe does not go out of style .
 These are my sons favorite shoes . He wears them with everything -LRB- including his tux -RRB- and they always make a statement
 Ive worn Converse Hi-tops for 26 years , since I was a 13 year old skater.I saw my heroes growing up wearing them also-The Ramones , Stray Cats , The Dead Boys , etc. & various skateboarders of the 80s & 90s . Theyve been around for decades , & the design hasnt changed much.They are the most comfortable shoe in my opinion , and the Hi-tops give great ankle support for whatever sport or slampit its put thru .
 I love the all black - so far they fit well . We will have to see how they wear in the long run but chucks are usually durable
 Just what you would expect if you owned a pair of these 10 , 20 , 30 years ago , except with a custom peace sign logo on the outside only.They do sure highlight however just how far shoe technology has come by comparison to a pair of ASICS running shoes - in terms of support , comfort etc. . They are 30 year old or more shoe technology.I hoped that logo would be on both sides but the inseam side of the shoe bears the traditional converse chuck taylor logo.Still , 5 stars from my view . They are what they are supposed to be .
 I got these shoes for my boyfriend , and there was absolutely NO other place that had these in his size !! I ordered them , and they came in WAY earlier than I expected ! Even earlier than the shipping expectancy ! Ill buy Chucks from here for now on !
 I got these shows and began to wear them right off to break them in . I have to say if you stand for a long period of time dont wear them . If you are weight lifting with them then they work great . They have no real arch support because they were originally made back in the day before they had arch support . But great shoes !!
 What can I say ? I 've had mine for about 4 years and still wear them . They are quality made and extremely comfortable . They go great with just about everything . They are kinda my go-to shoe when nothing else I have matches .
 The shoes arrived a bit earlier then they were supposed to which was nice . if you followed the chart for normal converse shoes then the size shouldnt be a problem . they are quite heavy but quite comfy . and the plastic is ... . interesting shall i say . id recommend them to people just not friends
 Came perfect without any problems , they were the size I ordered and everything was exactly how it was suppose to be . I bought them for my girlfriend and she loves them !
 EXCELLENT PRODUCT AND GOOD SERVICE PROVIDED BY YOUR TEAM , THEY ARE TRULY RELIABLE AND TIMELY I WILL RECOMMEND THIS PROVIDER AMONG MY FRIENDS .
 Buen producto , por el precio excelente , envi&oacute; oportuno , en empaque adecuado , recomendable !! Buen producto , por el precio excelente , envi&oacute; oportuno , en empaque adecuado , recomendable !!
 buy these shoes because they were very comfortable lei really are beautiful but sometimes I use are cute very pleased with this purchase .
 I have wore these since I was a kid , but now sadly these are hard to find . If you are looking for both quality and a product made in the states then these are the shoes for you . The nice thing is that Chucks come in a variety of colors so you can get different ones if you want to have a certain look .
 Could n't find this particular color/design combo in stores , so was very happy to find it here at a great price!Converse shoes run a bit big , so make sure you order a good half to one size smaller than you would wear
 This shoes came in and i feel in love with them , they are in great condition . Just what i wanted and expected ! the color is great . They came in the box and they looked stunning . I totally recommend them !
 This review is very deserving of 5 stars . My boyfriend needed a new pair of chucks for work that matched his uniform ... we do n't wear many other types of shoes . . Love chuck taylors ! 5 stars for fast shipping , and low price . Thanks !
 Chucks are always awesome and this one came in an awesome condition ! My only qualm about this line of converse is that it provides no support as do most converse .
 this product is ok , i recomended , the service is fast , all rigth , the price is the exact . very very good
 Just came back from shootin ' hoops with my new Chuck Taylor Hi Tops . Been wearing them since '64 - as good now as they were then !
 Paid prioty post for this as had no choice . It cost $ 50 . Double the price of the shoes . The shoes above I paid for the slower postage . It cost $ 19 for the three pairs . Was told they would arrive in about 3 weeks . The boots in 3 to 4 days . The boots arrived as said and three other pairs arrived the very Next Day !!!!! Felt totally ripped off in regards to the boots !!!!! '
 I love my converse . WHo needs Nike or any of the rest when you have something as light weight and comfortable as converse Chuck Taylor . You can not go wrong with this shoe . They last and last .
 I got mine from a Converse store in a mall near St Louis for $ 20 . I 've had them for 2 and a half years and have worn them everywhere . I ran a 10 minute Mile and a half in them twice for my Air Force PT Test . I 've worn them in Iraq , Kuwait , Arizona , Florida , Washington . they are a part of me . Truly an epic shoe . They 're also a great driving shoe , with a nice rolled heel after some wear , and great pedal feel . Would recommend them to anyone looking for a nice all around , everyday shoe .
 awesome love them as always !! Just a reminder ... get converse two sizes smaller than you usually would :-RRB- ex if your size 9 , get size 7
 What 's not to like about these things . They 're comfortable , simple , and just look good . They can truly be worn by everyone , kids , adults , men , and women . They have been in style for as long as I can remember and I do n't see them going out any time soon . When I go out , I 'm either wearing these or my crocs . My only problem is that I wear them so much that I seem to go through them pretty fast . The good thing is that unlike most other shoes , these still look pretty good all beat up , so I typically wear them till they fall off my feet . Bottom line , you ca n't go wrong with chucks .
 Compr&eacute; un par de estos zapatos hace un mes y estan muy cheveres , fue un regalo para mi esposa y le gustan mucho .
 My neice 's them !! They were her favorite color.Very stylish and comfortable!Would recommend to anybody that likes this style of shoe .
 Very nice shoes , true to size and nice colour . I got a lot of compliments for them . I strongly recommend them to young people .
 Exactly the same as what I was expecting . Size and color was perfect . It is nice to wear with skinny jeans .
 great sneakers ! look great and fit perfectly . can wear with anything!the best for skydiving : -RRB- will definitely buy again , maybe different colors.thank you .
 Do n't know how many pairs ive owned over the years but I keep buying more . Comfy , stylish and cool to boot . I 'd give a 5 but i wish they werent as expensive ...
 I have worn chucks for several years now and have always been pleased with the shoe , but this was my first purchase from the seller and I am very pleased with the service and quick shipment of the order ...
 Love the shoe . . comfy and cool . . but . . no so happy with the color . . if I bought again , I 'd chose a different color . . but to each their own I guess
 I Loved The Right From The Start.I Bought Them In White Color And They Are Beautiful.I 'm Planning To Buy More In The Near Future .
 I brought this for a gift to my brother and he 's very happy , his really a good shoes !!!
 Great price and delivery for Chuck Taylors . Very happy and so was my daughter !
 This pair of converse was just what I expected ; they were one my son 's Christmas presents . The colors available were more varied than those I 'd seen in local stores and the price was better . This item arrived sooner than promised , too . Needless to say , my son was pleased .
 These Chucks are top of the line , very comfortable , still rocking my cons five years strong , the great thing is you can walk in these cons all day with no discomfort or pain . GET THEM !
 My son loves Chuck Taylor Converse All Stars , and these are so durable ! He wanted the high tops this time , so I got these for him . He loves them , and they came so quickly even though it was during Christmas season rush .
 They came in a timely manner , in the little Converse box . They 're just as the should be
 Chuck Taylors are just my style !! They look good with anything i wear , and are very comfortable . All you need are some black jeans with a white or black shirt and your good to go !!! My only problem is that people just ca n't seem to watch where they are going , so if I pat dirt out of it , it looks like the color fade 's in that area . But overall great shoe to wear !!! Watch your feet though .
 Ok , I 'm 47 - and a professional female - probably heading back to my 2nd childhood - um - if I ever left childhood completely in the first place?Anyway , I had n't had a pair of Converse Hi-Tops since I was around 12 years old . I had seen some of the more `` artsy '' ones , but could never find my size -LRB- average foot -RRB- when I was looking ... and I knew I would n't be able to wear them to work if they were `` artsy '' Converse - because they are , after all , athletic shoes.I decided to buy the completely black Hi-tops ... and they are great . They are comfortable , even on my 47 year old feet . I really like them a lot . Glad I bought them , and maybe I 'll even see about getting a pair of the Artsy ones ... or maybe a pair in pink ??? Hope you 'll enjoy yours , when you get them .
 I purchased these for my grandson for Christmas - They arrived in plenty of time and were exactly what I ordered . It was all he asked for and he was totally excited when he opened them . He put them on immediately and just kept telling me how much he loved his shoes .
 I have been wearing these shoes for most of my life . They are n't $ 15 . anymore , but they are still worth the money . They are very flat , so do n't forget to get some insoles with arches for them ! You may want to add 1/2 a shoe size for this .
 I absolutely love my red Chucks . They are a timeless look that can be worn with your favorite jeans , tailored slacks , or a mini . And at such a great price , a better buy than the more modern sneakers in the same category . The shoes do run big , so be sure to the follow the suggestion of ordering two sizes smaller than your normal shoe size . I recieved my order from Eastbay within 3 days of purchase .
 No , I am not out on a cross country `` Walk for Peace '' but when I wear these shoes every step I take promotes World Peace . I have a red pair of peace shoes and I bought my mom a pair of pink ones . We love wearing them out together - we are a Mother/Daughter team making a double statement ! Also , we get many comments - whether together or alone . People just love them ! I wish I had these Peace shoes in 3 or 4 other colors .
 No complaints for this gift . They get worn a lot and so need to be replaced occasionally .
 Exactly what I needed , exactly when I needed it . I was in a group who all needed to get the converse hightops , and a few in the group had made online purchases and had problems . I went through Amazon , and had no problems whatsoever . Great information from the vendor .
 I was introduced to Converse All-Star 's -LRB- Chuck 's -RRB- two years ago and they are the best shoes I have ever owned . Before I knew about Chuck 's , I would have multiple pairs of sneakers for different activities , now I have one ! They have excellent foot support all the way up the ankle , the only downside is that the soles have no arch and if you are not already flat footed , they will probably make you that way . They are great shoes !
 I am a teacher and at Christmas time each year I ask for a student 's name of whom the counselors or home health nurses know is not going to havea Christmas because of family finances and/or struggles . Well , this year I was given the name of a student I had in my own class and whom I had already had sucha great connection and loved this kid . To find out they were not going to have a Christmas broke my heart !! Anyway , through some other sources , I was able to find out what this student wanted more than anything , if they could ask for just even one gift for Christmas . The student said they would love to have some REAL Chuck Taylor blue high-tops !! The fake ones they had saved money to buy at a local `` discount '' store fell apart so fast and they felt they had wasted their money.So ... I ordered these for that student and had them given anonymously . Let me tell you ... when that student entered my classroom the very morning after the y received these surprise gifted shoes ... that kid was so excited to show me , so happy in general , so excited to see everyone and openly socialize with head held high . Wow ... what great things these shoes did for this student in far more ways thanjust keep their feet dry My heart was fulfilled and this student will forever remember these shoes , I am certain !!
 very good purchase for my daughter , she had a pair before and she would n't take them off unless she went to sleep so they worn out in almost 3 years , so i got this new pair for her for xmas , i 'm sure she 's gon na love them.perfect sizing and quality .
 These were a favorite of mine growing up . The quality seems a tad better these days than when I was growing up . They 're not as comfortable asjogging or walking shoes , but there is a certain casual nostalgia when wearing them . These are not uncomfortable shoes mind you . If youare accustomed to High tech arch support and cushioned soles , these are not the shoes for you . But if you are looking for a basic shoe for youreveryday wear & tear , that have the nostalgic look of the late 50 's -60 's , look no further .
 I am on my third pair of converse , and I LOVE it to bits . They 're reliable -LRB- My first pair lasted 2 years , i was reluctant to buy another since it broke in -RRB- , last forever -LRB- you know , 2 years is a lot considering the other cheap China made crappy shoes -RRB- , and when you break them in , they 're heaven to your feet . One thing though , if you are going to use it for exercising , bad idea . Some Dr.Scholl 's slip-ins might make it more bearable . Overall , comfort 8/10 and style 10/10 . Customizable 10/10 . Great buy !
 Mono-Black Chucks are amazing utility shoes . I wear mine when : * working -LRB- with tie -RRB- * sledding * partying * hiking * gardening * attending black tie formal events -LRB- yes really -RRB- Ironically , the thing Chucks are bad for is the shoe 's original intended purpose
 These shoes are great for the price . They are light and they let your feet breathe easily . Only con is there is no arch support so after wearing the for a while my feet hurt badly .
 These shoes are great , they can be worn down with jeans and a tee or worn with nice dress clothes.I 'm getting the ones in pink.Get these shoes if considering.Very comfy also -LSB- Holla Back -RSB-
 Thank Heavens for those dear sweet chaps at Converse who years and years ago crafted this high-performance , foot-contouring , ankle hugging canvas shoe . Also available in the more contemporary leather versions , Converse All-Star Chuck Taylors ' are the most brilliant shoes known to -LRB- wo -RRB- man ... I 'm on stage a lot , so jumping around in these baby 's is a cinche - and when considering other stylish options -LRB- heels , clogs , cross trainers without the well needed ventalation that my feet so honestly deserve ? -RRB- , I 'm afraid that no one even seems to come close to Chuck 's humble design . I own a low cut pair in Orange Popsicle , two high cut pairs in Pink and Black and am in the processes of purchasing a pair of black leather boot-cut chuck taylors ... honestly , not any other shoes could provide as much daily wear and tear as these Chuck Taylors !! And , as an added bonus , they can be worn casually or dressed up with some tailored pants or flashy jeans for a night-time look ... I can not emphasise enough my dedication to these shoes - buy a pair , people , these old faithful 's will not let you down . I LOVE UNISEX SHOES !
 After being associated with the 50 's hipster and the 70 's hippie , the 80 's punk and now the millennium prepster these shoes have made the journey across time and generation . Made with a canvas material and a rubber soul these shoes stand the test of time and once thier broken in will quickly become your favorite pair of shoes . No matter the winter or the summer you 'll find yourself pulling these out of the closet to pair with your jeans or your skirt . And owning one pair is never enough . A pair in every color low and high is definitly required for the true converse wearer . Buy your first pair today to emmerse yourself in a true piece of history and the future
 I 've never seen such a great selection of Chuck Taylor High Tops . I think this is my 5th pair . They have such great designs , nothing you would ever find in a department store . The shipping is always fast and my order has always been correct . I highly recommend this vendor !
 -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B000FAI9X0 Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Hi Top red high top tennis shoes.They were just what the kid wanted , and they fit . He has been wearing them daily . Great!Vazel
 Love these converse shoes.They are a great shade of red , have already got a lot of comments on them.Thanks Chuck !
 We have found that by shopping on Amazon we are able to obtain all manner of items that we would not be able to purchase normally . My husband is 6 ' 6 '' tall and is a big man with big feet as you would expect . He wanted to buy these particular shoes as they were something that he had worn in his childhood and loved so much . We were not able to buy these in Australia without actually having them especially made . Phil 's foot size is normally 14 wide , so we opted for the size 15 US . Absolutely perfect and for a very reasonable price.We are very happy and even though some items are way out of our purchase league due to the varying shipping costs , we are still very fortunate to have discovered Amazon .
 These all black Chuck 's are my favorite All Star model ! It is no small task to find them at a regular retail store-most often your best bet is to buy online . They shipped in a timely fashion . Great Kicks , good deal .
 We bought the Chuck Taylor high tops for our 14 year old daughter for Christmas . The mall had the same produce for $ 85.00 ! We cut our cost almost in half , and she was THRILLED with the gift ! Great service . Great product . Great results . Her response ? `` Now I need to go get them dirty ! ''
 I enjoy my purple chucks a lot . I get lots of comments on them when I where them . It is fun to see peoples reactions .
 This was the second time we ordered Pink Converse Shoes for my daughter , the first time I did n't get the size right . I returned them to `` Shoes R Us '' I think it was called and they took care of my mistake very quickly . Unfortunately they did n't have the size I needed so I ordered a replacement pair from Last Pairs . They came quickly , fit perfectly and were reasonably priced , the same as our local mall , without the hassle ! Very good experience overall , would recommend .
 Lord , could Converse have got it any more right ? One thinks not . The Converse All Star Chuck Taylor canvas shoes are everything one could need from a shoe and more . They are stylish , available in colours that vary from orange to pink , the more comtemporary leather versions , low cut and high cut . These baby 's contour the foot so well , it 's almost like walking on air ! The canvas hugs the ankles , providing support ... but the most important features of the shoes are that they are unisex -LRB- they look great on guys and girls -RRB- and they can be dressed down with jeans , or elegantly dressed up with a pair of tailored pants . These shoes are definitely to die for .
 The shoes ordered on this web site are satisfactory . Thanks for sending the order promptly and in perfect condition .
 The shoes are great , and the shipping time was reasonable , as was the price . A warning
 It 's the first time when I bought this type of shoe , but I 'm telling you , I love it ; comfortable , cool , nice , I ca n't take eyes off them ; Yes I 'm talking about `` CONVERSE '' by Chuck Taylor , baby .
 I have every color known to man , and am always looking for more . I teach , so I am on my feet all day ; I 'm comfy and happy in my Converse All Stars ! I must say that in my old age -LRB- 40 -RRB- I prefer the lo tops over the hi tops .
 Converse 's are classic . they are the shoes people are always going to wear . i like the high tops better though
 This was a very good deal and was a fast delivery . I highly recommend this seller to all .
 It is nice to slip in to a new shoe and get the feel of a firm but comfortable fit . Lots of value here for the money.In my size they look like navy gunboats ... and I love them !
 I was so happy with this purchase . I purchased this just days before Christmas . These came on time and were exactly what I wanted . Thanks for the great service .
 These shoes are a total classic . My son wanted these because they 're the same ones David Tenant wears in Dr. Who . Now I need to order another pair because he wears them exclusively . I would recommend these to anyone wanting a stylish and comfortable everyday shoe .
 I like the retro style of these shoes , very well made and a decent price . I wish the tongue of the show was wider and did not slide around as much .
 Great old school shoes for summer ! They are fun to wear and I get a lot of positive responses from people .
 A great product which i like very much and like all the different styles and colours and different textures and prices
 I really like these shoes . I 've been wearing store brand knock-offs for ages and I finally got a pair of proper all-stars and I 'm so freakin ' happy . They 're more flexible and comfortable than I expected and I 'd say these are comfortable enough to jog in - if I every jogged :P . But yeah , great shoes , and for this price they 're totally worth it.I feel like Dwight from Sin City when I wear these xD .
 It 's a Chuck Taylor through and through . Not much support but I do n't care . These were for my son and he wears a custom orthotic anyway . So we just dropped it in and he was good to go . He wore these with his tux for the prom . He was stylin ' and comfortable . I do recommend going up 1/2 size if you have narrow feet and a full size if you have a medium width because they run a bit short .
 These shoes , Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Hi Top are the ones that I 've looked for all my life.They are extremely comfortable , well made , fit just right , keep you warm in cold weather and cool in the summer . I could n't be happier with this purchase . Please , follow the advice stated in the link regarding women 's and men 's zises.This is very important.Don ' t get confused with other brands or models . I wish they 'd come in different colors , I 'd get one of each .
 I got a pair of converse shoes for Christmas almost 3 years ago , and I have been wearing these shoes almost ever since . They feel comfortable , they look good , and they have hardly any wear on them after 3 years . As a matter of fact , I have them on right now as i am writing this review . . I 'm thinking about buying another pair in a different color just because i love them so much .
 Sneaks came quickly and as ordered . I took a chance as I usually wear size E or EE depending on style , but these D width CT 's fit just fine . Must be the cloth is easier to mold to the foot that those with stiffer sides .
 I love these shoes . Durable , dependable , flexible . I use a different pair for winter weather but for every other season converses always fit .
 Got these for Christmas yesterday and absolutely love them ! I had a pair of Converse that I wore until they had holes in the heels . These are my replacements . Comfy , reasonably priced , look great on .
 We received the sneakers rapidly . They were just what we ordered and at a better price than I could find in the store .
 Already have Chucks in white , which I wore for the b-ball team in high school ... yeah , when Chucks were the shoes to be wearin ' !! Decided to re-live days of Sandlot Black PF Flyers with the magic wedge , make you run faster , jump higher ! But when I got them , they were about a 1/3 size too small and the shoes felt uneven -LRB- one bigger than the other , both still tight -RRB- . Thought I could wear them in and could n't . Chalked up to a loss . Paid less for black Chucks and they fit true to size ! Love these black Chucks ! GREAT PURCHASE !! Wonder what the difference is in the monochrome black . Anyone know ?
 I love these shoes ! I did n't have too wait long . My hubby wants some too = -RRB-
 Who does n't love a good pair of Chuck Taylors ? My manfriend and I are huge fans , so I scooped him up this blacked-out pair for work -LRB- he is a bartender -RRB- . Not only do they look good , but they are holding up magnificently , showing little signs of age , despite all the mixers , juice , and other bar sludge that they see on a regular basis . And because of the canvas , if they do start to smell like the floor of the bar , in the washer they go ! Pricing and delivery on these bad boys was on point and I would not hesitate to get another pair from this distributor again.And , if you do not own a pair of Chucks , get on the wagon and buy a product created in the USA , my friend .
 I Like this Converse Shoes . They are very nice . I will buy again when the need comes . Get it , you will not be disapointed .
 I got them today around the time they said they would be here . The shoes were in great condition inside the box and they were just what I expected to be . I 'm very satisfied with my purchase . I would order from them again .
 I 'm really happy with these Chucks . Seller sent them in perfect condition a couple days before expected . Good Price . Good Purchase . Good Day !
 Shipping was way fast , this is my 5th pair of Chucks the black on black is slick , they breath better than any other shoe ive ever owned and it definitely wont be my last pair .
 Classic perfection . Fits amazing . Looks beautiful . Shipped quicker than expected . Long lasting . This is my third pair of this exact pair . Each has lasted years . Awesomesauce in a box .
 After seeing all the reviews about this shoe , I wanted to actually physically try on a pair before buying to make sure of the size . I love these shoes . They 're comfortable and just great . I just wanted to post about the size difference I experienced . I have been wearing size -LRB- male -RRB- 10.5 for years now . I 've bought many different shoes from different brands and this is always my style . After trying on many pairs of these shoes I finally found my size for these shoes . 8.5 . A full two sizes lower ! 8 was too tight and 9 was a bit too big .
 I have a pair of these and they are my go-to shoe . They are soooo confortable and they go with any kind of jean and never fail to make a statment . I have own my pair of all black chucks for over 7 years and wear them often and they are only now starting to show wear . They are tough and confortable . I will never hesitate to buy chucks . If you do n't find anything you like go to the converse site and create your own . I LOVE the ones I created there .
 I bought these for powerlifting , as an alternative to much more expensive lifting shoes . They are legal in the organization I lift in , and they are exactly what I need . The flat , thin sole is perfect for squatting and deadlifting with stability and safety.I could see durability of these shoes being a problem IF they were worn as an everyday shoe , i.e. , outside , or to work / school . The canvas material is thin , and this is by no means a rugged pair of shoes . But for what I uses them for - strictly in the gym - they are excellent .
 My granddaughter absolutely '' ... had to have , more than anything in the world ... '' a pair of Converse Purple High-tops for Christmas ! Ordered them on 12/19 & they arrived on the 22nd , in plenty of time for me to once again be `` the greatest grandpa in the world '' !
 Got this pair for my girlfriend as I got a pair myself for a themed party we had and well party is over and we are still rocking them
 My husband loved them . Make sure to buy a half-size smaller than you usually wear , as they do run large .
 They 're Chuck Taylor 's . If you 'll like them , you 'll love these . Black high-top sneakers were a great gift for the scene girl with black everything
 I like this product because it was not used.Good product and cheaper than the official site.that is it
 Converse Chuck Taylor All Stars are not just a fashion statement . Back in the day , they were my choice of athletic footwear -- following in my father 's footsteps -- while starting center on the high school basketball team . For a 6 ' 2 '' white guy with a moderate vertical leaping ability , I did n't have to worry about losing any spring in my step , and I always led stats in rebounds and blocked shots against players wearing the then-ubiquitous Adidas , Puma and Converse `` Dr. J '' hi-tops . In all fairness , and as a disclaimer , 80 % of the opposing team members were white guys , too.Still , though I have absolutely no vertical leap left -LRB- hey . I graduated 24 years ago -RRB- , I still wear these shoes , just because . Like one reviewer pointed out , they 're a great conversation starter . Plus , they 're as comfy as a second pair of feet.At the turn of the 20th to the 21st century , it appeared that there 'd be NO Chucks left at all
 Originally went for 15s as I usually wear a 14 1/2 or 15 , but this was way way too big . Got the 14 's instead and they are actually a little long in the toe . Absolutely no support in these shoes at all , not that I was really expecting any . Just wanted to try them out . They are great as far as outfitting goes ... they go with anything . But , do not plan on doing any major hiking in them . They are casual shoes and are for just that ... being casual ! Overall not a bad shoe though !
 When basketballer Charles `` Chuck '' Taylor walked into the Converse company back in 1921 complaining of sore feet , he started a revolution . He designed a shoe that was to bear his name only two years later . It would go on to be THE most popular sneaker of all time . Over 500 million pairs have been sold worldwide . The popularity of these legendary shoes has gone in waves but people have always come back to Chucks throughout the past 80 years ! And some people , like myself , just ca n't get enough of them , and go on to build a collection of these wonderful sneakers . Nowadays I only wear Chucks , no other sneaker graces my feet . They are so comfortable and good looking , and take it from me , they boost your self-esteem ! Walk down the street in them and you feel ten feet tall . Sounds corny , but it 's true . They 're like a security blanket around your ankles . I absolutely love Chucks and wo n't ever stop wearing them . Do yourself a favour , buy a pair . Then see how long till you get another and another .
 Just what I expected . Awesome . I wear a 11.5 in most shoes and got a 12 here on purpose so I could wear thick winter socks . Even with the socks they are a bit roomy in the toe - so believe that &#34; run a half size large &#34; thing for Converse i guess . Other than that , this Pair of Chucks are exactly right on .
 No hay zapatos mas c&oacute;modos y duraderos que estos cl&aacute;sicos ... Lucen con todo tipo de vestimenta y como dicen , lo cl&aacute;sico nunca pasa de moda .
 I was debating whether I wanted to buy a pair online or just go into a store and buy them there . Boy am I glad I went to go buy them in person ... as other people have mentioned , Converse run a little big so a size 11 -LRB- which I am -RRB- is really a 9 or so . I ended up getting an 8/5 and I have n't worn 8/5 size shoes since I was 13 . You really want to go and buy them in person and completely avoid this problem .
 Good and quick . Love the shoes although it was a bit confusing whether it was hi top or not as it showed up differently on my order form . But it was hi-tops and I 'm happy : - -RRB-
 These shoes are great for walking , good staple for any wardrobe . The hitops are very secure around my ankles and I like the way they feel when walking around all day . They fit great and just feel very solid . Small scratches and scuff marks come off easily with rubber eraser . I got the package three days before scheduled . No complaints whatsoever .
 These arrived much faster than they said they would . Because they are a gift I was pleased by the early arrival.They are exactly what I was looking for .
 I ordered these shoes for a wedding , yeah I know , and paid the extra twenty bucks to have them shipped 2day air . They went from the East coast to the Midwest , and were five miles from my house on Friday , but UPS charges extra to deliver on Saturday . If I had known there would be an extra charge , I would have paid it , but was n't given the option . The shoes arrived on Monday , the day after the wedding . I emailed the company to voice my displeasure , and was informed that I actually received them before I was supposed to ! My advice , great shoes , great prices , just make sure you plan ahead .
 Lamentablemente , A&uacute;n no he recibido el producto que compr&eacute; . Todav&iacute;a estoy esperando respuesta del vendedor . Agradezco hacer lo APROPIADO a fin de saber & iquest ; Qu&eacute; pas&oacute; ? . Muchas gracias .
 The ordering process was easy . The wait was not long . The product was perfect !!!
 What can I say?I love this shoe , there awesome.They made me feel like I was walking on air everytime , I really want another pair of this great shoes.I love them so much , I might just buy 2 pairs lol .
 My daughter found these at a major department store , the last pair they had and the clerk went to check the sizes and had one 6 and one 8 so she checked other stores and we could not get any . I came home and looked them up and they were basically the same price and they were sent to my door . Now for a dance team she needs another pair and I will just order them from here , so easy ! Thanks !
 My son absolutely loves these shoes ! Great quality , great price , great color , awesome shoe . We are very happy with our purchase !
 Thank you for excellent service and quick shipping . Even with shipping it cost me less for these shoes than atmy local mall .
 I got the shoes well before the date they were expected . Ca n't ask for better service !
 Ordered these online . The first time they arrived we realized we had ordered them a size smaller than we needed . The return process was clear and simple - we mailed them back at no cost and were refunded the entire balance . We ordered the correct pair and received those in just a few days . They arrived in great condition , the right price , the right product , and in the right amount of time . No complaints , only praise for this vendor . Great job .
 A classic shoe and still my favorite after all these years . Ca n't beat the price either with what sneakers cost these days . I no longer use my CTs for working out , exercise , aerobics , running or anything like that and would n't recommend that anybody else do so either . The cushioning is the same as it used to be back in the day , which is to say there is none . But for everyday walking , hanging out around the house , or indulging in a little retro fun these really are great shoes .
 I have been a fan of Converse since the day I saw Will Smith unpack a brand new pair in the movie iRobot . I wanted one for myself , where else amazon is the best place to buy . The Product price is very affordable except the shipping and handling costs . They are a bit high to Sri Lanka . Would be great if they are low too .
 In my opinion those are very good looking and comfortable shoes . And it is a good price too .
 The shoes arrived at the earliest date promised , just in time for their use in a break dance performance .
 These were ordered as a gift in a size 12 . Yes , they had them . The came beautifuly wrapped and arrived within a few days from order . Yes , I waited until the last min to order and they arrived just in time for Holidays . Reasonable and I did n't have to leave my home . Perfect for basketball ! They were well received ! Now , my daughter wants a pair . Love Amazon !
 If you 're into the retro stuff , this really is a great pair of sneakers . People forget how comfy they wear and despite what your friends may think , they do actually still look pretty good with almost any jeans/combats . Whether it 's the hi-tops or this nifty pair , you just ca n't go wrong for $ 30 .
 i love these shoes . i ware them alot . i have three pairs red black and royal blue . one bad thing about them is you can not get shoelaces for them in the stores . i had to get them offline .
 They 're Chucks , what more needs to be said . There is a reason they are still around after all these years .
 The black Chuck Taylor 's are a must have classic for the shoe lover . I own two pairs of them myself , and would never buy anyother shoe . Why ? They 're so comfortable and match EVERYTHING !
 Do what they 're advertised to . I also agree with other reviewers , order a size bigger to ensure proper fit . All in all , come on they 're Chucks !!
 I love my converse ! You should get some too . I love theway they look and smell when they are brand new ! They come in allKind of colors and you can make your own . they have lasted on theMarket since 1935 ! You need to run and your own pair right now !
 This item was a gift . It was received in time for Christmas 2011 . received in great condition . The shoes are super comfortable and very stylish . Great buy ! 2 thumbs up !
 I wear these shoes every day and they are great . Love the colors . Only gripe is that the glue is wearing out around the toes and the rubber is separating from the canvas . Also , do n't wear these shoes on a cold day because your feet will freeze . Other than that , ca n't go wrong with a pair of Chucks .
 I have always loved chucks , they are a classic . If you need more support in the arch , you can always add an arch support or insert . For me , they run true to size . A half size smaller is to narrow , since they run narrow in the toe anyway . I have wide feet , so if your feet are narrow , maybe this would not apply to you .
 I would wear Converse every day if I could - they are sooooo comfortable ! They run big , which is good because it helps offset the fact that they are also a bit on the narrow side . But my wide feet have no problem with them . They come in a great variety of colors and patterns , and I have quite a few of them , both hi-tops and low-tops . I love 'em all ... and would buy more if I had the money ! Speaking of which , that 's the one downside to Converse - the cost . You pay for the name . But you can always watch for a good sale ...
 The Converse All-Star is a great looking shoe . The only problem is that they run big in size . Ex . If you wear a men 's 10 1/2 you probably should order a 9 1/2 or 10 . Otherwise you might feel like you 're wearing clown shoes .
 I am in my upper 40 's and shoe comfort is a must . I paired my Chucks with a pair of Sof Sole insoles and they are soooo comfy . I have not tried to run in them or walk a marathon . Not sure I want to take that risk . I boughy my insoles from Sports Authority for $ 15 . They are the gel ones that are super thin .
 this item i had ordered was for my teenage son it was one of the few places i was able to find this on line he was happy i was happy the order was quickly filled 5 stars thank you amazonsincerly bethConverse Chuck Taylor All Star Hi Top Black Canvas
 My shoes arrived in record time , and look just great . I love the fact that they are all black . I have a thing about all black clothing , and these fit the bill . They are extremely comfortable and durable . I have 8 -LRB- 9 if I count the pair that are on their way -RRB- pairs of Chucks and that is because they are great shoes with a unique style . You will love them , too .
 These shoes look amazing . They are definitely legit Chuck Taylors . They are worth every penny .
 arrived in a timely matter and in great conditionpurchased it for a great price in comparison to other sellers
 I absolutely love the style of Chucks but my one piece of advise is to wear thicker socks if you want comfort .
 `` Chucks '' are the only shoes that have ever existed . Ever since 1923 , Chuck Taylor All-Stars have been `` just a piece of rubber and canvas '' - they have n't changed one bit from the sands of time . These shoes are devilishly simple , and customizable in every way . Everyone may be wearing Chucks these days , but you can still make them your own . There are so many ways - what color would you like ? One of the core colors - black and white ? Monochrome black ? White ? Red ? Green ? Blue ? Pink ? How about the latest pattern or print ? Every year Converse also pumps out new seasonal colors , and different styles such as double-tongued shoes , `` tear-aways '' , faded looking ones , everything . You can buy different color laces or you can go crazy with a Sharpie and draw up some art all over your shoes . And for something seemingly so flimsy , they 're pretty durable . My shoes have withstood countless running and hitting the asphalt , games of soccer , basketball , jumping from everywhere , the basic abuse a teen can dish out to his feet . Granted , they may not be too comfortable at first , but once your feet gets used to them , well , you do n't even notice you 're wearing them anymore . Nevertheless , it does have some setbacks , but if you look at modern shoes , you can see the differences in design . But for something from over 3/4 of a century ago , you 've got to admit they 're pretty darn impressive . The skinny : PROS-customizable in any way - laces can be easily replaced and be done up in any pattern you wish-look great with anything and everything ; the unisex casual sneaker that will even draw you the occasional compliment from coworkers or friends.-lightweight compared to most shoes of today-so many colors - from your basic core colors -LRB- black , red , green , blue , white , or pink -RRB- to different designs -LRB- 60s tie dye , camo , skulls , flames , etc. -RRB- - also different kinds of shoes - from the classics to the newer double uppers , tear-aways -LRB- shoes with two layers of canvas , and some parts are already torn away to show the brighter underlayer -RRB- , double-tongued , and also DIFFERENT MATERIALS like leather or suede.CONS-the color fades ; especially in the harsh sun . My navy blue Taylors have been bleached to the color of very faded blue denim.-the rubber parts of the shoe can get dirty rather quickly , but are easily cleanable.-overall the shoe is pretty comfortable , but not recommended for prolonged running or a whole day on the boardwalk . It depends a lot on the shape of your foot - if your feet are flat , you 'll find that these shoes are a match made in heaven . Otherwise you may have some issues , but not so bad they 're unwearable.-I do n't know what it is about it , but they make your feet look bigger than they really are.-NOT TO BE USED AS A SKATE SHOE . Converse shoes are made from canvas , which wo n't give you any mercy from runaway boards , and they do NOT have adequate cushioning on the top , bottom , or sides for such an activity.NOTE
 I got a pair of yellow low-tops for Christmas last year and I LOVE THEM !!! They 're about to get holes in them because I wear them so much , and I 'm trying to pick out what color I should get . There 's so much to love about these shoes . There 's like 25 colors to pick from , so there is the oppourtunity to have a piar for EVERY SINGLE OUTFIT . Or , you can wear just one pair , like I do , and mine go with everything . These shoes are breathable , unlike tennis shoes , so your feet do n't get all sweaty , which is nice too . These shoes are quite flat inside , but there 's nothing that an insert ca n't fix . THESE SHOES ARE THE BEST !!!
 I originally bought these to finish off my Tenth Doctor costume , but they 're actually really nice shoes . I wear them often and they are quite comfortable . The only complaint I have is that the colored band on the sole has started to come up on one of them ... It is n't glued to the shoe very well . But for what I paid for them , I 'm willing to let that slide .
 These shoes are fun cause you can wear them different ways . I like to fold them down and only lace them halfway . These shoes are great and they fit awesome , which I understand is a problem with some Converse shoes that are unisex . I am a size 9 in women 's and I got a size 7 in men 's and they fit great . Definitely want them in more colors , but the black is good with everything . Great casual shoe !
 hella cool chucks . . theyre not cheap , good quality . . i was satisfied and so would you be ... one minor problem is that purple passion -LRB- which is the one i ordered -RRB- wasnt the exact color as the one shown ... but its still cool !! i love them
 After searching the malls for authentic Chuck Taylor Kelly Green Hi-tops , with no luck , I wised up and went to the -LSB- ... -RSB- web site , where I not only found Kelly Green Hi-tops for my son , I also used their unique design your own shoes feature , to design a pair of custom high tops just for me . We are both thrilled with our finds . Chuck Taylor 's are the shoe of choice in our household , I even got my conservative , old school hubby into a pair of Chuck Taylor leather Hi-tops .
 Chuck Taylor Converse All-Star shoes are , by far , the best shoes you could ever have the pleasure of slipping your feet into each day ! I own three high rise -LRB- black , pink , orange -RRB- , and two low rise -LRB- green , red -RRB- , and if you are in indecision about getting a pair , GET THEM ! Whether you get the All-Stars or the skateboard style , you will NOT regret your decision ! You can see them all at www.conversegallery.com , so check it out ! These shoes are incredibly durable , and provide comfortable ankle support , making it easy to move aroung as fast as you want ; you have to keep up with the shoes , not vice versa ! These are basketball shoes , so they are great for running , basketball , soccer , and sport you could think of ! Or , they could be just casual shoes . Another wonderful feature is that they are uni-sex , so guys and girls can wear them ! Converse All-Stars RULE !
 My son wanted either red or green Chuck Taylors which are fairly difficult to find . The shoes I bought arrived quickly , were good quality , and were priced very reasonably .
 A shoe that barely qualifies as such , which is what I wanted by the way . This is one of the best shoes for drumming I 've ever worn . They 're light , comfortable , the soles are so thin you can really feel the pedals , yet they 're thick enough to give you protection . Anyone who 's ever drummed in bare feet will know what I 'm talking about . They almost feel like slippers and more importantly look cool especially if you 're wearing a black leather jacket , blue jeans , t-shirt and your name is `` something '' Ramone .
 Zapatos de linea cl&aacute;sica , deportivos , ideales para el d&iacute;a a d&iacute;a , de extrema calidad . Super r&aacute;pido el envio al casillero en Miami . Compra desde Venezuela
 Producto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % bueno
 I gave this snikers to my 15 year-old son and he loved . It has a juvenile color and it can use it daily , are confortables , the color is durable . Their friends have liked it . I recommend it
 muy buen producto y muy buen vendedor , todo me salio como yo esperava y hasta ahora todo esta muy bien .
 Very good sneakers , the most comfortable ever . And also one of the cheapest ! I 'd like to try some of the new Converse models
 Bought these for him and he enjoyed them . Very flexible and easy on your feet . I own a pair of these myself , and although the sole can get scuffed very easily , it 's still a great shoe in regards to running or when you need black shoes for your outfit . Runs a half size bigger than usual so know your size before you order onlinel
 Bought the book as a gift and the receiver loved it . The item came quickly and as described , great deal .
 These were a gift greatfully received as they are hard to find in larger sizes . Thank goodness of internet shopping .
 An all year kind of sneaker shoe that can be worn from all . Really comfort for every day use . There is a wide variety of colours which can cover all needs
 I bought these for my eleven year old . She loves these , so , I do n't really know how conforable they are because she really cares more about how they look . The price was the same as other vendors . It was just easy to order on-line .
 As always converse well never let you down with these silver boots ! I love tham and use them all the time !
 These Chucks are comfortable and look even cooler than the regular canvas style . I think I first saw them in the movie I , Robot and got a pair shortly after . It 's been a few years and they 're only showing slight wear . Everyone who sees them likes the leather too . Highly recommended !
 The shoe fit me well , and it came in the original condition - no damages , and it came on time .
 Ive been wearing converse all stars for over 20 years and still love them . Ive also found they make a nice driving shoe because there thin and you can feel the pedals . If youve never had a pair its time to try .
 They looked great when i got them and are still holding up good . This coming from someone that wears out shoes like no other . haha
 ... Chuck Taylor All Stars are good for doing squats . That 's why I buy them . A lot of athletic shoes have a good amount of padding on the bottom , which is fine for running , but while doing squats , makes my feet feel slightly wobbly . The Taylors allow my feet to stay firmly planted , which helps me maintain proper technique .
 This company was excellent to deal with . When we received the shoes , they did n't fit properly . Exchanging them was a breeze and another size was promptly sent to us at no extra charge to us . Very efficient .
 They are a great shoe and my granddaughter loves them . I got them in plenty of time to give them to her for her birthday .
 Quality , classic style , comfort ... you ca n't go wrong with a pair of Chuck Taylors . Great for weightlifting/powerlifting . Thin sole is good for dealifting .
 Good . Cheap . Classical Chuck Taylor allready . Buy them.Enought comment . Remember to pray for the Converse . Kiss you dude.Bye . k ?
 I would be very greatful if u can let me know if the white chucks is one size bigger then nornal sizing cause I didnt see the remarks like on the black ones.Thanks
 UPDATE !! Though I did n't get what I originally purchased , Extreme Footwear was wonderful in that they rushed the correct pair to me . Since they were an outside vendor Amazon could n't ship me the correct pair they could only do the return . Extreme Footwear took the iniciative do to that for me and I am a happy customer . The shoes are exactly what we hoped for . More importantly , My son is happy !
 Chuck Taylors are my favorite shoes . I have used them for years because they 're comfortable , casual and have character . I replace them when they get too worn . I 've been buying them online for a while . I found them here for under 40 bucks which was a steal . I received them in just a few days . I could n't be happier with my new chucks .
 My son spotted the basketball shoes he wanted at the mall . I saw the price and I knew I could find them cheaper on line . I have purchased other things through amazon.com and have been very pleased with them in the past , so I thought I would try them first . We found the shoes he wanted for almost half the price . When I saw that I said `` SOLD ! '' It was fast and easy , and they got really fast . We 're happy .
 Shipping was fast and free !!!! I was so amazed at how fast this got here ! I Recieved my shoes 3 days after shipping ... they are very comfortable and cute and go with anything ... DEFINATELY a great find ! = -RSB-
 I love my chuck Taylors . They go well with Jeans or almost anything that I want to wear . Looking to buy the Chocolate next .
 They were a last minute Christmas gift . They came so quickly , the size was normal , the color fun , he loved them .
 I ordered these for my granddaughter 's birthday . They were shippped promptly , and I was able to track them very efficiently . They were exactly what we wanted !!! They are very attractive and wear well .
 I 'm so glad I brought these shoes for my father because he 's been wanting a pair for so long , so I got them and he loves them . They 're a great Shoe for a great price .
 My grandson is thrilled with his new shoes . A size 16 looks like a boat , but he says they are very comfortable . Good choice .
 Arrived in 2 days.Still the same wonderful shoes I remember from high school 25 years ago .
 I bought this converse for my younger sister that she badly wanted them . Transaction was very smooth , they got here on time , and she was really happy !
 this is the best shoe I have ever bought . I love them and will never go back to pumas or addiadas ever !
 The best shoes ever , but if you use coverse.com to buy your shoes prepair for the SLOWEST loading site you have ever experienced ! Many times I did n't buy shoes because of the speed of their site . I have really fast internet and their site is by far the slowest of any site I use . If you have the patients you ca n't beat the shoes -LRB- I always use the create your own -RRB- I have created some really unique shoes .
 Great pair of shoes with a lot of history . the only crappy thing is that i lost them ... : Cthe shipping was quick and with a low price and yes ... they were not avaliable for super saver shipping ... Highly recommend them for everyone
 I 've been wearing these shoes since I was 12 years old . They are in my opinion the most comfortable and stylish shoes ever made . Unlike other shoes that give way to much support . These shoes sometimes feel like you 're actually not wearing shoes at all . A good way to feel the ground underneath your feet . Great for all occasions but not really recommended in the snow or heavy rain .
 Came fast , look great , a great experience . The fit is amazing , the color is vibrant , and to know that it 's a -LRB- red -RRB- product is awesome . Will defiantly recommend and buy from again .
 Product arrived early , in good condition , and as described . This shoe does run larger than the size you normally wear . I read somewhere to order one size smaller but I ordered 1/2 size smaller and inserted a cushioned insole . It fits perfect and wears nice .
 I got as a casual peice and also to wear to work they are half a size to big but I will live . Great Buy
 I bought these for the sole purpose of weightlifting . Excellent ankle support and flat bottoms without much heel make these an ideal shoe in the gym . These shoes provide very firm footing and i would highly recommend them to bodybuilders on a budget .
 Black All-Star High-tops ConverseHonestly these are the best shoes I have ever owned . I bought a pair for school , and I instantly knew that these were the shoes that would last me through the school year . And so far they have . My dad told me `` You should get the smaller size . '' I asked why , and he said `` You ruin and ware down shoes easy . '' But I have proved him so wrong . It 's been 3 months and not even a single scratch . What I love about these shoes is they do n't try to be special because they already are special . The makers do n't add glitter or sparkles to make them stand out . If you are looking for normal this is the way to go.You should know there is only one word that can describe these shoes
 There are a lot of hard core Chuck Taylor addicts out there and after ordering my first pair I can say I 'm still outside that bubble . They look good and the high top does n't squeeze my ankle or anything like that . The sizing was dead on so do n't order a half size larger thinking it 's a good idea ! My 9 's were dead on . The Chucks are a seasonal shoe I would n't wear them in the extreme cold , or really rainy days . As for soles and support they 're flat . I 've owned Vans and they 're even flatter than that with less support . It might just be I 'm not a kid anymore , or I 've got the wrong type of foot but I 'm not so sure . I 'm expecting these to be my pair of Chucks to last a while because I 'm not gon na be wearing these every day . So , they 're definitely good . . and everything that other people love , but I think I 'd rather wear Vans .
 In that classic converse style -LRB- edgy plum purple color -RRB- tennis shoes.I have wore Converse shoes since High School mid-sixties ; and they have proven more durable over the years!Of course , you have to purchase white pair for summer ; purple or black for winter.Enjoy the wear and feeling of being part of a classic brand !
 How can you go wrong with a pair of classic black Chuck Taylor 's . Just keep in mind that the shoe sizes run BIGGER . I wear and 11 and ordered a pair of 11s . A whole size to big for me . I do n't mind returning , but just keep that in mind .
 I 've been wanting Converse high-top tennis shoes for years now , and my husband just recently purchased them for me for my birthday . I have weak ankles from years of hiking , past injuries , etc. . The high top style gives my ankles more support . I only wish they had arch support and then I 'd be in complete heaven . However , these are tops in my book , plus they look stylish ! I love how they stay in style no matter what ! Thanks !
 What else can you say about a sneaker that has been around for over 90 years . These sneakers are simply great !!! I got the classic black high top and am very pleased with them . They are comfortable , durable and stylish . On a hot summer day the do n't heat up like a bread oven , like some sneakers do , keeping your feet cool and comfy . If they do get dirty or funky you can simply toss them into your washer and bada bing like new !!! They offer enough support for me to last for a long day of walking around town or work . One of the coolest things about these sneakers is that they offer a `` back at ya '' response to the more expensive and mostly ugly `` skater '' and basketball sneakers . A great sneaker at a great price . I love mine !!!
 My son absolutely loved this shoes . They came in perfect condition . The best part was I did not have to hunt them down locally .
 So glad they make them in a size 16 . . I do wish there was a larger selection to choose from but after size 13 the selections naturaly dwindle .
 These shoes are great . I value a lightweight , sturdy , hightop shoe for playing basketball -LRB- prison rules style -RRB- with the 11 other firefighters I work with . They require a tough foot , but if you can hack it they will save you some money .
 What else can I say ? Converse 's Chuck Taylor High-Tops have been tried and true for decades . They are comfortable , fun and in my case , red . I am 51 years young and I receive more compliments on these shoes than any other item of apparel that I own . Love them .
 Chances are that if you 're reading this , you 're already an urban hipster or musician so you wo n't really care what I have to say . BUT , I would just like to let everyone know , I tore the heal on mine , and after three months of owning them the sides of the toe are coming unglued . -LRB- Granted I 've worn them everyday since I got them -RRB- Not exactly worth the price , but still a darn comfortable shoe !
 Very smooth purchase , excellent price - the best anywhere and believe me I searched , very fast delivery , really good communication . Thank you
 These shoes are worn very regularly by most of my family for nearly barefoot comfort . We like the colors and the look of them . I like the pink ones , because when I was a kid my mother told me I could be invisible in pink sneakers . I have 2 pairs of the high tops , one pair is 5 years old and while they are limp and a bit faded , the soles are still in decent condition . I also have a pair of the oxfords in raspberry rose which is just a fantastic pink color , and does n't seem to be fading fast . My daughter loves her Skydiver Blue pair.They do n't offer any support and they do run large . But as long as you are n't doing a lot of walking , they are very comfortable and light weight . I use my oxfords as slip ons with the laces tied a bit loose .
 you know the shoe and you know the star . the comfort level is the truth and they feel so good and have much style and Profile then as now . I have bought Chucks all through the years and they are always chill and they got style . real nice , real nice .
 this is truly the best shoe i 've ever bought , and trust me , i 've had em all , nike , brooks , nb etc etc. . THIS IS NOT JUST FOR TRAIL RUNNING . i use mine on trails and on the street and the shoe does great on both . i got these after having these recommended to me by a guy at galyans after i explained that my knees sometimes played up after a lacrosse injury . these shoes just make it a pleasure to run . really chushiony , totally eliminated my knee pains , great grip when i do go on the trails ! would totally recommend these to anyone . my friend borrowed them yesterday and was so impressed that she 's going to get herself a pair today !
 My daughter need these specific character shoes for her Dance Club at college . The shows arrived in 2 days after placing the order , from NY a few dance after Hurricane Sandy . The shoes are amazing as Capezios are & the seller gave service beyond reproach . Highly recommend shoes & seller through Amazon !
 I 'd been very nervous about buying shoes online , but thanks to many of the previous reviewers , I was able to make a good choice on size . I usually wear a size 7 medium in street shoes , but because I 'd read that these shoes run narrow , I ordered a 7 wide , and they fit perfect . I was so relieved ! I 'd been looking for shoes for worship dance , with a heel not too high , but kind of dressy , and I think these are just right !
 This is a great shoe ! It was comfortable from the first time I wore it . The heel height is perfect -- not too high or too low . I ordered my usual street shoe size and the fit was just fine .
 Very comfortable shoe . Runs very close to shoe size ! I needed a shoe for an upcoming show and even beginners can use this shoe .
 These shoes are very comfortable and with the arch support even more so.Being leather makes these shoes far more durable .
 I bought this shoe because I used to wear them for dancing , I do not dance any more but wanted the comfort and support these shoes provide . Great cushion on the innersole .
 i just started dance classes . . this are very nice . comfortable . went with just about everything i wore . i have then 6 months and holding up very well .
 I love these white shoes ! They make my feet appear so elegant and classy . It is a very well-constructed shoe , made of high-quality leather . Since it has a more sturdy leather sole , it can be worn anywhere , not just for ballroom dancing . These shoes would be perfect for a wedding or other formal occasion . The size 6.5 N was a very tight fit on me but there was no size 6.5 M available . I 'm hoping the good-quality leather will stretch over time ; But since dancing shoes are supposed to fit snugly anyway , these shoes will do very nicely for my ballroom dancing classes . At $ 38 compared to the $ 60 and up price at my local store , this was an unbeatable deal ! Thanks , Amazon !
 I am an aspiring theater actress in graduate school and I needed some character shoes for rehearsing.The heel is a perfect height . I am used to wearing higher heels for ` going out ' but these are great for acting , dancing , and moving in . They give you enough height to feel like a heel , but are low enough so you can actually do some REAL work . Sometimes high heels hurt and disconnect you from the much needed ` grounded ' feeling when working.They are really comfortable , break in nicely , and are great for auditioning.They are a tad narrow so if you have wide feet opt for a wider size.I LOVE my Capezios !!!
 This shoe is very nice , BUT , order your regular size ; it does not run large !! Bought these for my Mom and ordered a half size up based on the product description and will have to exchange them .
 These shoes are the best I have ever had ; they fit just fine ; they look great ! And the price was right!ghl
 My daughter need these specific character shoes for her Dance Club at college . The shows arrived in 2 days after placing the order , from NY a few dance after Hurricane Sandy . The shoes are amazing as Capezios are & the seller gave service beyond reproach . Highly recommend shoes & seller through Amazon !
 I 'd been very nervous about buying shoes online , but thanks to many of the previous reviewers , I was able to make a good choice on size . I usually wear a size 7 medium in street shoes , but because I 'd read that these shoes run narrow , I ordered a 7 wide , and they fit perfect . I was so relieved ! I 'd been looking for shoes for worship dance , with a heel not too high , but kind of dressy , and I think these are just right !
 This is a great shoe ! It was comfortable from the first time I wore it . The heel height is perfect -- not too high or too low . I ordered my usual street shoe size and the fit was just fine .
 Very comfortable shoe . Runs very close to shoe size ! I needed a shoe for an upcoming show and even beginners can use this shoe .
 These shoes are very comfortable and with the arch support even more so.Being leather makes these shoes far more durable .
 I bought this shoe because I used to wear them for dancing , I do not dance any more but wanted the comfort and support these shoes provide . Great cushion on the innersole .
 i just started dance classes . . this are very nice . comfortable . went with just about everything i wore . i have then 6 months and holding up very well .
 I love these white shoes ! They make my feet appear so elegant and classy . It is a very well-constructed shoe , made of high-quality leather . Since it has a more sturdy leather sole , it can be worn anywhere , not just for ballroom dancing . These shoes would be perfect for a wedding or other formal occasion . The size 6.5 N was a very tight fit on me but there was no size 6.5 M available . I 'm hoping the good-quality leather will stretch over time ; But since dancing shoes are supposed to fit snugly anyway , these shoes will do very nicely for my ballroom dancing classes . At $ 38 compared to the $ 60 and up price at my local store , this was an unbeatable deal ! Thanks , Amazon !
 I am an aspiring theater actress in graduate school and I needed some character shoes for rehearsing.The heel is a perfect height . I am used to wearing higher heels for ` going out ' but these are great for acting , dancing , and moving in . They give you enough height to feel like a heel , but are low enough so you can actually do some REAL work . Sometimes high heels hurt and disconnect you from the much needed ` grounded ' feeling when working.They are really comfortable , break in nicely , and are great for auditioning.They are a tad narrow so if you have wide feet opt for a wider size.I LOVE my Capezios !!!
 This shoe is very nice , BUT , order your regular size ; it does not run large !! Bought these for my Mom and ordered a half size up based on the product description and will have to exchange them .
 These shoes are the best I have ever had ; they fit just fine ; they look great ! And the price was right!ghl
 this is truly the best shoe i 've ever bought , and trust me , i 've had em all , nike , brooks , nb etc etc. . THIS IS NOT JUST FOR TRAIL RUNNING . i use mine on trails and on the street and the shoe does great on both . i got these after having these recommended to me by a guy at galyans after i explained that my knees sometimes played up after a lacrosse injury . these shoes just make it a pleasure to run . really chushiony , totally eliminated my knee pains , great grip when i do go on the trails ! would totally recommend these to anyone . my friend borrowed them yesterday and was so impressed that she 's going to get herself a pair today !
 this is truly the best shoe i 've ever bought , and trust me , i 've had em all , nike , brooks , nb etc etc. . THIS IS NOT JUST FOR TRAIL RUNNING . i use mine on trails and on the street and the shoe does great on both . i got these after having these recommended to me by a guy at galyans after i explained that my knees sometimes played up after a lacrosse injury . these shoes just make it a pleasure to run . really chushiony , totally eliminated my knee pains , great grip when i do go on the trails ! would totally recommend these to anyone . my friend borrowed them yesterday and was so impressed that she 's going to get herself a pair today !
 TRUE TO SIZE , LOOKS CUTE WITH DRESSY PANTS OR JEANS . . NOT TOO HIGH . . A LITTLE TIGHT AROUND THE TOES . . BUT I HAVE WIDE FEET . . VERY CUTE ! . . I GOT THE BLACK . .
 I was looking for a slightly dressier , wedge heeled shoe in brown , but everything I found was either uncomfortably high or too chunky . I saw this shoe at a Nine West store , but they only had sizes 6.5 and 7.5 . After trying both sizes , I realized the 7 would be perfect . I was happy to find them here at a good price with free shipping . Once I got them , I realized they 're exactly what I wanted - easy to walk in , the peep toe has a 40 's feel , and they look equally great with the dress I had in mind to wear them with or with dark jeans or dress pants .
 this is truly the best shoe i 've ever bought , and trust me , i 've had em all , nike , brooks , nb etc etc. . THIS IS NOT JUST FOR TRAIL RUNNING . i use mine on trails and on the street and the shoe does great on both . i got these after having these recommended to me by a guy at galyans after i explained that my knees sometimes played up after a lacrosse injury . these shoes just make it a pleasure to run . really chushiony , totally eliminated my knee pains , great grip when i do go on the trails ! would totally recommend these to anyone . my friend borrowed them yesterday and was so impressed that she 's going to get herself a pair today !
 this is truly the best shoe i 've ever bought , and trust me , i 've had em all , nike , brooks , nb etc etc. . THIS IS NOT JUST FOR TRAIL RUNNING . i use mine on trails and on the street and the shoe does great on both . i got these after having these recommended to me by a guy at galyans after i explained that my knees sometimes played up after a lacrosse injury . these shoes just make it a pleasure to run . really chushiony , totally eliminated my knee pains , great grip when i do go on the trails ! would totally recommend these to anyone . my friend borrowed them yesterday and was so impressed that she 's going to get herself a pair today !
 this is truly the best shoe i 've ever bought , and trust me , i 've had em all , nike , brooks , nb etc etc. . THIS IS NOT JUST FOR TRAIL RUNNING . i use mine on trails and on the street and the shoe does great on both . i got these after having these recommended to me by a guy at galyans after i explained that my knees sometimes played up after a lacrosse injury . these shoes just make it a pleasure to run . really chushiony , totally eliminated my knee pains , great grip when i do go on the trails ! would totally recommend these to anyone . my friend borrowed them yesterday and was so impressed that she 's going to get herself a pair today !
 My daughter need these specific character shoes for her Dance Club at college . The shows arrived in 2 days after placing the order , from NY a few dance after Hurricane Sandy . The shoes are amazing as Capezios are & the seller gave service beyond reproach . Highly recommend shoes & seller through Amazon !
 I 'd been very nervous about buying shoes online , but thanks to many of the previous reviewers , I was able to make a good choice on size . I usually wear a size 7 medium in street shoes , but because I 'd read that these shoes run narrow , I ordered a 7 wide , and they fit perfect . I was so relieved ! I 'd been looking for shoes for worship dance , with a heel not too high , but kind of dressy , and I think these are just right !
 This is a great shoe ! It was comfortable from the first time I wore it . The heel height is perfect -- not too high or too low . I ordered my usual street shoe size and the fit was just fine .
 Very comfortable shoe . Runs very close to shoe size ! I needed a shoe for an upcoming show and even beginners can use this shoe .
 These shoes are very comfortable and with the arch support even more so.Being leather makes these shoes far more durable .
 I bought this shoe because I used to wear them for dancing , I do not dance any more but wanted the comfort and support these shoes provide . Great cushion on the innersole .
 i just started dance classes . . this are very nice . comfortable . went with just about everything i wore . i have then 6 months and holding up very well .
 I love these white shoes ! They make my feet appear so elegant and classy . It is a very well-constructed shoe , made of high-quality leather . Since it has a more sturdy leather sole , it can be worn anywhere , not just for ballroom dancing . These shoes would be perfect for a wedding or other formal occasion . The size 6.5 N was a very tight fit on me but there was no size 6.5 M available . I 'm hoping the good-quality leather will stretch over time ; But since dancing shoes are supposed to fit snugly anyway , these shoes will do very nicely for my ballroom dancing classes . At $ 38 compared to the $ 60 and up price at my local store , this was an unbeatable deal ! Thanks , Amazon !
 I am an aspiring theater actress in graduate school and I needed some character shoes for rehearsing.The heel is a perfect height . I am used to wearing higher heels for ` going out ' but these are great for acting , dancing , and moving in . They give you enough height to feel like a heel , but are low enough so you can actually do some REAL work . Sometimes high heels hurt and disconnect you from the much needed ` grounded ' feeling when working.They are really comfortable , break in nicely , and are great for auditioning.They are a tad narrow so if you have wide feet opt for a wider size.I LOVE my Capezios !!!
 This shoe is very nice , BUT , order your regular size ; it does not run large !! Bought these for my Mom and ordered a half size up based on the product description and will have to exchange them .
 These shoes are the best I have ever had ; they fit just fine ; they look great ! And the price was right!ghl
 Before this , I used a Spalding brand slipper and decided to try this because of the ventilation holes in the design.Pros : - Ventilation holes help a little , but it 's still a rubbery/foamy texture that may cause sweating.-Color is accurate . What you see in the pictures is what you get.-Heel has a gel insert for extra cushioning.Cons : - Color is accurate . What you see in the pictures is what you get.-Kind of squeaky on hard/clean surfaces.It 's a decent slipper overall . I normally wear a 12.5 or 13 in shoes and slippers tend to run a bit large -LRB- such is the burden of manly men -RRB- , so I bought a 12 and it was a bit tight , but adjusting the velcro strap solved the problem . I recommend buying your normal shoe size .
 this is truly the best shoe i 've ever bought , and trust me , i 've had em all , nike , brooks , nb etc etc. . THIS IS NOT JUST FOR TRAIL RUNNING . i use mine on trails and on the street and the shoe does great on both . i got these after having these recommended to me by a guy at galyans after i explained that my knees sometimes played up after a lacrosse injury . these shoes just make it a pleasure to run . really chushiony , totally eliminated my knee pains , great grip when i do go on the trails ! would totally recommend these to anyone . my friend borrowed them yesterday and was so impressed that she 's going to get herself a pair today !
 I bought this shoe because I used to wear them for dancing , I do not dance any more but wanted the comfort and support these shoes provide . Great cushion on the innersole .
 i just started dance classes . . this are very nice . comfortable . went with just about everything i wore . i have then 6 months and holding up very well .
 I love these white shoes ! They make my feet appear so elegant and classy . It is a very well-constructed shoe , made of high-quality leather . Since it has a more sturdy leather sole , it can be worn anywhere , not just for ballroom dancing . These shoes would be perfect for a wedding or other formal occasion . The size 6.5 N was a very tight fit on me but there was no size 6.5 M available . I 'm hoping the good-quality leather will stretch over time ; But since dancing shoes are supposed to fit snugly anyway , these shoes will do very nicely for my ballroom dancing classes . At $ 38 compared to the $ 60 and up price at my local store , this was an unbeatable deal ! Thanks , Amazon !
 I am an aspiring theater actress in graduate school and I needed some character shoes for rehearsing.The heel is a perfect height . I am used to wearing higher heels for ` going out ' but these are great for acting , dancing , and moving in . They give you enough height to feel like a heel , but are low enough so you can actually do some REAL work . Sometimes high heels hurt and disconnect you from the much needed ` grounded ' feeling when working.They are really comfortable , break in nicely , and are great for auditioning.They are a tad narrow so if you have wide feet opt for a wider size.I LOVE my Capezios !!!
 This shoe is very nice , BUT , order your regular size ; it does not run large !! Bought these for my Mom and ordered a half size up based on the product description and will have to exchange them .
 These shoes are the best I have ever had ; they fit just fine ; they look great ! And the price was right!ghl
 My daughter need these specific character shoes for her Dance Club at college . The shows arrived in 2 days after placing the order , from NY a few dance after Hurricane Sandy . The shoes are amazing as Capezios are & the seller gave service beyond reproach . Highly recommend shoes & seller through Amazon !
 I 'd been very nervous about buying shoes online , but thanks to many of the previous reviewers , I was able to make a good choice on size . I usually wear a size 7 medium in street shoes , but because I 'd read that these shoes run narrow , I ordered a 7 wide , and they fit perfect . I was so relieved ! I 'd been looking for shoes for worship dance , with a heel not too high , but kind of dressy , and I think these are just right !
 This is a great shoe ! It was comfortable from the first time I wore it . The heel height is perfect -- not too high or too low . I ordered my usual street shoe size and the fit was just fine .
 Very comfortable shoe . Runs very close to shoe size ! I needed a shoe for an upcoming show and even beginners can use this shoe .
 These shoes are very comfortable and with the arch support even more so.Being leather makes these shoes far more durable .
 I love these boots ! I made my Wonder Woman costume for this past Halloween event and it completed my look ! I saw some other Wonder Woman costumes and I have to say , I was the best : -RRB- The shoes were comfortable to walk and dance in and the boots went a little passed my knees than the one you see in the picture . Overall , I like the product and will certainly where this costume next year !
 These boots are perfect ! I do a Wonder Woman gig for local hospitals in my area and the costume I rent came with these flimsy boots covers that looked more like leg warmers after about 5 minutes . These boots were the perfect solution . I even have some of the kids at the hospital convinced that I am actually WW ! lol
 needs I say more , simply amazing , you will look like wonder woman ! Pay attention to calf measurements not normal shoe size for better fitting
 These boots exceeded my expectations . The tops are just over my knees but they look fantastic and will complete my Wonder Woman costume perfectly . I was surprised at how well made they seem to be.I 'm a size 7.5 / 8 and the large fit nicely with semi-thick socks . They are very high platforms which should make them more comfortable for being on my feet in them for a long period of time .
 Unfortunately it 's true that the picture is inaccurate , they are over-the-knee boots.This has nothing to do with me being short I 'm 5 ' 7 , which I think is pretty average or above even.But other then that I think the boots are great and they were delivered quickly.Just change the picture so you do n't piss people off and it should be fine .
 I 'd had my eye on these for like 3 years , but assumed they would be uncomfortable and cheap -LRB- especially with the vague Small , Medium , Large sizing -RRB- . When Amazon changed them to have free return shipping -LRB- and I had a deep seeded need to attend a costume party as the almighty diva herself -RRB- I figured why not give them a try , if nothing else than to get them off my wishlist once and for all . But I was pleasantly surprised to find that they were n't bad at all -LRB- and I have tricky feet -RRB- ! I normally wear an 8-8 .5 , but since I have somewhat wide feet I thought I 'd go with the 9 to be safe . I put them on and they fit great ! A little room to spare , but the way my feet fit down into them , it was fine -LRB- and I 'd rather have a little bit of room than have to endure tight shoes ! -RRB- . Walking in them was a little challenging at first because they literally make you about 7 inches taller than you 're used to . . standing up from a seated position and going up stairs were the trickiest , but it did n't take long to get used to because the platforms are pretty thick and sturdy -LRB- and I 'm a clutz , so if I can walk in them pretty much anyone can -RRB- . I was worried about wearing them all night , but we were there until 3 am and I stood almost the entire time and I hardly noticed . Plus they looked AWESOME on !! I got millions of compliments on the boots alone -LRB- and the rest of the costume was a pretty amazing , handmade , meticulously detailed , 100 % Linda Carter knock off . . not the cheap foam costume from the halloween store -RRB- . But the boots took center stage . People even insisted on trying them on and everyone that put them on -LRB- even my friend with teeny size 6 feet -RRB- walked around in them comfortably . They 're like those pants , but way more awesome.I kind of wish I could wear these everywhere . . like to the grocery store , gardening , work . . because I literally felt like wonder woman in these . I 'm only 5 ' 4 &#34; , so being almost 6 &#34; tall made me feel like a total leggy goddess.Oh and they do definitely come over your knee unlike the picture . . mine were probably about 2 inches over the knee , but they still looked fantastic . . in fact I kind of liked the extra boot since the rest of my outfit was pretty skimpy -LRB- basically bathing suit bottoms and a corset -RRB- and it was an exceptionally cold halloween night !! So overall , worth every penny just to feel as amazing as I did that night .
 I got these boots for 3 reasons . 1 . I am a huge wonder woman fan . 2 . I wanted to dress up as wonder woman for halloween -LRB- and I did , 3 . I wanted them to wear them in my wedding -LRB- and I did ! -RRB- I got these boots quickly and they were in beautiful shape ! The fit perfectly and it was nice to wear heels that did n't make me feet ache 20min after putting them on . I would recommend these to anyone !
 These boots are really great . They are nice and sturdy and look so much better than the boot tops that come with the costume . The high chunky heel and platform make them easy to walk in . I bought these because I plan to use the costume for a few years and figured why not complete the look .
 These totally made my Halloween costume over the top ! They are sexier than the ones Linda Carter wore and made my legs look great . Fit surprisingly well since I am a half size and they only came in whole and were pretty decent quality for the price . I danced in them for hours and my feet did n't hurt !!
 I purchased the Wonder Woman Officially Licensed boots in size Large . I am so pleased with the service from Amazon , Party America and Future Memories . I am an ` always scramblin ' kind of gal and waited until the last second to order my Wonder Woman costume for a 40th birthday party - MINE ! While I received notice that the other pieces of my costume would arrive on time , the boots caused me a little concern . However , Happy Birthday Party to me !!! They arrived two days before the party and they look AWESOME ! I wear a true 8.5 US and was hoping that the 9/10 would n't be too big but it 's fine . There 's definitely a little extra room , but it 's not like my feet are swimming in them . If you 're a 9.5 + , I 'd be a little concerned on the footed part of the boot . I have longer legs and the boots come up over my knees ; no problem for me . You do n't have to have skinny legs to wear these boots either . If your calves are a little fuller , you should still be comfortable ! Thank you to Future Memories for really bringing the costume together !
 I walk 9 miles daily on my MBTs . All I want after that is the great simple pleasure of slipping my then swollen feet on this extremely comfortable pair of Ugg 's Tasmina . I put them on right after I 'm finished walking even before I get in the car to drive back home ! It 's wide enough to cradle your feet , the sole is soft and molds to your feet , also this pair of sandals is so light weight ! Ultimate comfort!PS
 These flips are incredibly comfortable with suede bottom and sherling strap . True to size and maintain fit . This is my second pair of Ugg flips . I wore out the first pair .
 I am 43 years old , and have been told i should n't wear flip flops , well i dont listen and for very good reason , I LOVE THESE . I have owned 4 pair , all the same , and i have worn them down to the point of ordering more . my legs , feet , back , nothing hurts in these . why i dont know , but they are perfect for me . i hope they will have them around forever . they are well worth the price . oh and they dont wear out easy , i just wear mine ALL THE TIME
 These shoers were for my daughter . She loves them ! As long as she is happy with them , I am happy with them . Adidas has done a great job with supplying kids shoes for athletics . That is the only kind of shoe , we as a family will wear . Keep up the great work Adidas !
 I have a great satisfaction of this product , my son it is very happy , your description and images show them be really
 The price was perfect for a brand new cleat . It was n't shipped as fast as another competitor and was delayed by 1 day . However , the price made up for the time of delivery .
 this is truly the best shoe i 've ever bought , and trust me , i 've had em all , nike , brooks , nb etc etc. . THIS IS NOT JUST FOR TRAIL RUNNING . i use mine on trails and on the street and the shoe does great on both . i got these after having these recommended to me by a guy at galyans after i explained that my knees sometimes played up after a lacrosse injury . these shoes just make it a pleasure to run . really chushiony , totally eliminated my knee pains , great grip when i do go on the trails ! would totally recommend these to anyone . my friend borrowed them yesterday and was so impressed that she 's going to get herself a pair today !
 this is truly the best shoe i 've ever bought , and trust me , i 've had em all , nike , brooks , nb etc etc. . THIS IS NOT JUST FOR TRAIL RUNNING . i use mine on trails and on the street and the shoe does great on both . i got these after having these recommended to me by a guy at galyans after i explained that my knees sometimes played up after a lacrosse injury . these shoes just make it a pleasure to run . really chushiony , totally eliminated my knee pains , great grip when i do go on the trails ! would totally recommend these to anyone . my friend borrowed them yesterday and was so impressed that she 's going to get herself a pair today !
 My daughter need these specific character shoes for her Dance Club at college . The shows arrived in 2 days after placing the order , from NY a few dance after Hurricane Sandy . The shoes are amazing as Capezios are & the seller gave service beyond reproach . Highly recommend shoes & seller through Amazon !
 I 'd been very nervous about buying shoes online , but thanks to many of the previous reviewers , I was able to make a good choice on size . I usually wear a size 7 medium in street shoes , but because I 'd read that these shoes run narrow , I ordered a 7 wide , and they fit perfect . I was so relieved ! I 'd been looking for shoes for worship dance , with a heel not too high , but kind of dressy , and I think these are just right !
 This is a great shoe ! It was comfortable from the first time I wore it . The heel height is perfect -- not too high or too low . I ordered my usual street shoe size and the fit was just fine .
 Very comfortable shoe . Runs very close to shoe size ! I needed a shoe for an upcoming show and even beginners can use this shoe .
 These shoes are very comfortable and with the arch support even more so.Being leather makes these shoes far more durable .
 I bought this shoe because I used to wear them for dancing , I do not dance any more but wanted the comfort and support these shoes provide . Great cushion on the innersole .
 i just started dance classes . . this are very nice . comfortable . went with just about everything i wore . i have then 6 months and holding up very well .
 I love these white shoes ! They make my feet appear so elegant and classy . It is a very well-constructed shoe , made of high-quality leather . Since it has a more sturdy leather sole , it can be worn anywhere , not just for ballroom dancing . These shoes would be perfect for a wedding or other formal occasion . The size 6.5 N was a very tight fit on me but there was no size 6.5 M available . I 'm hoping the good-quality leather will stretch over time ; But since dancing shoes are supposed to fit snugly anyway , these shoes will do very nicely for my ballroom dancing classes . At $ 38 compared to the $ 60 and up price at my local store , this was an unbeatable deal ! Thanks , Amazon !
 I am an aspiring theater actress in graduate school and I needed some character shoes for rehearsing.The heel is a perfect height . I am used to wearing higher heels for ` going out ' but these are great for acting , dancing , and moving in . They give you enough height to feel like a heel , but are low enough so you can actually do some REAL work . Sometimes high heels hurt and disconnect you from the much needed ` grounded ' feeling when working.They are really comfortable , break in nicely , and are great for auditioning.They are a tad narrow so if you have wide feet opt for a wider size.I LOVE my Capezios !!!
 This shoe is very nice , BUT , order your regular size ; it does not run large !! Bought these for my Mom and ordered a half size up based on the product description and will have to exchange them .
 These shoes are the best I have ever had ; they fit just fine ; they look great ! And the price was right!ghl
 I purchased my Men 's Irish Setter Countrysiders because I suffer from plantar fasciitis , and I also have weak ankles . I teach middle school , and I am on my feet all day . I wore Rockports for a while , but they did not give me the ankle support that I needed . I stumbled upon these Men 's Irish Setter Countrysiders while doing a google search . They are great ! The insoles are removeable -LRB- perfect for me because I wear custom orthotics -RRB- . They do need a couple of days to break in just above the inside ankles because they are boots , but then they fit like a glove!I am about to purchase my 2nd pair .
 These shoers were for my daughter . She loves them ! As long as she is happy with them , I am happy with them . Adidas has done a great job with supplying kids shoes for athletics . That is the only kind of shoe , we as a family will wear . Keep up the great work Adidas !
 I have a great satisfaction of this product , my son it is very happy , your description and images show them be really
 The price was perfect for a brand new cleat . It was n't shipped as fast as another competitor and was delayed by 1 day . However , the price made up for the time of delivery .
 I 've had several pairs of shoes from the Demonia brand and I 've had this same style with a different pattern before I bought this particular pair . They hold up well , are comfortable to wear , are super cute , and what I love most is that Demonia shoes nearly always come in a woman 's size 12 . If you have feet as big as mine or larger , you know how difficult it is to come by great shoes this size . &#60; 3 &#60; 3 &#60; 3
 They are well made and look exactly as they do in the picture , I know I 'll have loads of fun with them ... Once I soften them out!They are super rigid , which fortunately is n't a killer trait on a flat shoe ... Otherwise they would be absolutely perfect
 People stop me to ask where did I get these shoes ! There pretty comfortable and look amazing . I 'm so pleased I plan to purchase several more pairs very , very soon .
 These shoes are so awesome . They look even better in person . They also are comfortable . I would definately purchase them again !
 When I walk into a room everyone notices my shoes . The platform is easy to walk in , comfortable and they look great ! The shoes are simply styling . Classic updated look .
 Arrived fast and in excellent shape . But they do n't fit that well . I wear a 7 1/2 but I bought an 8 . They rub against the toe area when walking but I stuffed the toe with paper towels and that remedied that a bit . : -RRB-
 I have been looking for black buckle shoes forever ! I love shoes that go with jeans but also can go dressy for those dressy days at work . These are perfect and I can wear them with slacks or with jeans . I have gotten so many compliments . They are tall and took me a couple of days to get used to them , but I am short ! Go for it if you are looking for comfortable , great and multi-usable shoes .
 this is truly the best shoe i 've ever bought , and trust me , i 've had em all , nike , brooks , nb etc etc. . THIS IS NOT JUST FOR TRAIL RUNNING . i use mine on trails and on the street and the shoe does great on both . i got these after having these recommended to me by a guy at galyans after i explained that my knees sometimes played up after a lacrosse injury . these shoes just make it a pleasure to run . really chushiony , totally eliminated my knee pains , great grip when i do go on the trails ! would totally recommend these to anyone . my friend borrowed them yesterday and was so impressed that she 's going to get herself a pair today !
 I bought this shoe because I used to wear them for dancing , I do not dance any more but wanted the comfort and support these shoes provide . Great cushion on the innersole .
 i just started dance classes . . this are very nice . comfortable . went with just about everything i wore . i have then 6 months and holding up very well .
 I love these white shoes ! They make my feet appear so elegant and classy . It is a very well-constructed shoe , made of high-quality leather . Since it has a more sturdy leather sole , it can be worn anywhere , not just for ballroom dancing . These shoes would be perfect for a wedding or other formal occasion . The size 6.5 N was a very tight fit on me but there was no size 6.5 M available . I 'm hoping the good-quality leather will stretch over time ; But since dancing shoes are supposed to fit snugly anyway , these shoes will do very nicely for my ballroom dancing classes . At $ 38 compared to the $ 60 and up price at my local store , this was an unbeatable deal ! Thanks , Amazon !
 I am an aspiring theater actress in graduate school and I needed some character shoes for rehearsing.The heel is a perfect height . I am used to wearing higher heels for ` going out ' but these are great for acting , dancing , and moving in . They give you enough height to feel like a heel , but are low enough so you can actually do some REAL work . Sometimes high heels hurt and disconnect you from the much needed ` grounded ' feeling when working.They are really comfortable , break in nicely , and are great for auditioning.They are a tad narrow so if you have wide feet opt for a wider size.I LOVE my Capezios !!!
 This shoe is very nice , BUT , order your regular size ; it does not run large !! Bought these for my Mom and ordered a half size up based on the product description and will have to exchange them .
 These shoes are the best I have ever had ; they fit just fine ; they look great ! And the price was right!ghl
 My daughter need these specific character shoes for her Dance Club at college . The shows arrived in 2 days after placing the order , from NY a few dance after Hurricane Sandy . The shoes are amazing as Capezios are & the seller gave service beyond reproach . Highly recommend shoes & seller through Amazon !
 I 'd been very nervous about buying shoes online , but thanks to many of the previous reviewers , I was able to make a good choice on size . I usually wear a size 7 medium in street shoes , but because I 'd read that these shoes run narrow , I ordered a 7 wide , and they fit perfect . I was so relieved ! I 'd been looking for shoes for worship dance , with a heel not too high , but kind of dressy , and I think these are just right !
 This is a great shoe ! It was comfortable from the first time I wore it . The heel height is perfect -- not too high or too low . I ordered my usual street shoe size and the fit was just fine .
 Very comfortable shoe . Runs very close to shoe size ! I needed a shoe for an upcoming show and even beginners can use this shoe .
 These shoes are very comfortable and with the arch support even more so.Being leather makes these shoes far more durable .
 I volunteer and work in marshes and water - nature walks in salt marshes , canoe tours , the usual outdoor wet-and-stinky-muck habitat plus the less usual occasional ` sinking ' to the knee into a mud-filled ` hole ' in the marsh peat . My old sandals died - the velcro straps lost their cling -LRB- meaning that , after extricating my leg from the knee-deep muck , I 'd have to reach down to find the sandal that invariably came off at the bottom -RRB- and were never great anyway , despite being the ` best ' of several attempts at perfection . These looked promising at the local store -LRB- sorry Amazon , I just did n't see them here first - but I may get another pair here soon ! -RRB- . After a week of wearing these things , I 'm happy ! They feel great - better than some more expensive sandals of higher price and lesser quality - and they are really great in the water . Very little of the foot-slippage that usually occurs once the slick mud gets beneath the foot , ` debris ' easily washes out from even the enclosed toe with a few ` swishes ' , and - even two feet in the mud - they do n't slip off!I 've loved the things and think the cost - definitely on the high side - is justified by the performance , wet or dry .
 I was working a convention in Florida . The floor was concrete and after a few hours my back and legs were racked with pain . I was dreading the next 2 days ! A guy was selling the shoes there and I thought they were the ugliest things . I tried them on and in 15 minutes the pain in my back and legs subsided . Walking in them was like walking on clouds and they began to look to me like a old , fat , rich billionaire looks to a gold digger . I had to have them . My shoe was blue , but I was n't anymore !! Best purchase I have ever made and despite my daughter 's ridicule , I wear them with pants , shorts , and skirts . I bought them in 2006 and I wish I could find another Men 's size 10 . Oh yes I wear an 11 in womens , so I needed a 9 1/2 in men 's , so I had to buy a 10 in men 's . I love these shoes for anytime I have to be on my feet all day . I paid $ 110.00 for them . The choice is easy , buy them or suffer the pain . * BTW I love cute shoes and have 2 closets full to prove it , but I never pay more than $ 50 for a high heel , I always buy discount , but quality . MION is quality and if you can get it for less than $ 100 , it is discounted
 Pool Deck Grippiness
 Purchased the black suede with wit piping sole and stripes Got for my daughter LOVE THEM she was excited and couldnt wait to wear them Very durable . Sizing was dead on she wears a 5.5 ordered that size and comfy wear with socks and she is good . Timeless !!
 Buen producto , por el precio excelente , envi&oacute; oportuno , en empaque adecuado , recomendable !! Buen producto , por el precio excelente , envi&oacute; oportuno , en empaque adecuado , recomendable !!
 Adidas have got to be my favorite brand of shoes . My size is so hard to find -LRB- 6M boys US -RRB- in regular stores . It 's so much easier to just order my size in Adidas and not worry about them fitting correctly . Sure takes the hassle out of searching for shoes I like AND are in my size . I can always count on Adidas ! I own four pair now that I love very much . Great shoes !
 this is truly the best shoe i 've ever bought , and trust me , i 've had em all , nike , brooks , nb etc etc. . THIS IS NOT JUST FOR TRAIL RUNNING . i use mine on trails and on the street and the shoe does great on both . i got these after having these recommended to me by a guy at galyans after i explained that my knees sometimes played up after a lacrosse injury . these shoes just make it a pleasure to run . really chushiony , totally eliminated my knee pains , great grip when i do go on the trails ! would totally recommend these to anyone . my friend borrowed them yesterday and was so impressed that she 's going to get herself a pair today !
 this is truly the best shoe i 've ever bought , and trust me , i 've had em all , nike , brooks , nb etc etc. . THIS IS NOT JUST FOR TRAIL RUNNING . i use mine on trails and on the street and the shoe does great on both . i got these after having these recommended to me by a guy at galyans after i explained that my knees sometimes played up after a lacrosse injury . these shoes just make it a pleasure to run . really chushiony , totally eliminated my knee pains , great grip when i do go on the trails ! would totally recommend these to anyone . my friend borrowed them yesterday and was so impressed that she 's going to get herself a pair today !
 My daughter need these specific character shoes for her Dance Club at college . The shows arrived in 2 days after placing the order , from NY a few dance after Hurricane Sandy . The shoes are amazing as Capezios are & the seller gave service beyond reproach . Highly recommend shoes & seller through Amazon !
 I 'd been very nervous about buying shoes online , but thanks to many of the previous reviewers , I was able to make a good choice on size . I usually wear a size 7 medium in street shoes , but because I 'd read that these shoes run narrow , I ordered a 7 wide , and they fit perfect . I was so relieved ! I 'd been looking for shoes for worship dance , with a heel not too high , but kind of dressy , and I think these are just right !
 This is a great shoe ! It was comfortable from the first time I wore it . The heel height is perfect -- not too high or too low . I ordered my usual street shoe size and the fit was just fine .
 Very comfortable shoe . Runs very close to shoe size ! I needed a shoe for an upcoming show and even beginners can use this shoe .
 These shoes are very comfortable and with the arch support even more so.Being leather makes these shoes far more durable .
 I bought this shoe because I used to wear them for dancing , I do not dance any more but wanted the comfort and support these shoes provide . Great cushion on the innersole .
 i just started dance classes . . this are very nice . comfortable . went with just about everything i wore . i have then 6 months and holding up very well .
 I love these white shoes ! They make my feet appear so elegant and classy . It is a very well-constructed shoe , made of high-quality leather . Since it has a more sturdy leather sole , it can be worn anywhere , not just for ballroom dancing . These shoes would be perfect for a wedding or other formal occasion . The size 6.5 N was a very tight fit on me but there was no size 6.5 M available . I 'm hoping the good-quality leather will stretch over time ; But since dancing shoes are supposed to fit snugly anyway , these shoes will do very nicely for my ballroom dancing classes . At $ 38 compared to the $ 60 and up price at my local store , this was an unbeatable deal ! Thanks , Amazon !
 I am an aspiring theater actress in graduate school and I needed some character shoes for rehearsing.The heel is a perfect height . I am used to wearing higher heels for ` going out ' but these are great for acting , dancing , and moving in . They give you enough height to feel like a heel , but are low enough so you can actually do some REAL work . Sometimes high heels hurt and disconnect you from the much needed ` grounded ' feeling when working.They are really comfortable , break in nicely , and are great for auditioning.They are a tad narrow so if you have wide feet opt for a wider size.I LOVE my Capezios !!!
 This shoe is very nice , BUT , order your regular size ; it does not run large !! Bought these for my Mom and ordered a half size up based on the product description and will have to exchange them .
 These shoes are the best I have ever had ; they fit just fine ; they look great ! And the price was right!ghl
 Purchased the black suede with wit piping sole and stripes Got for my daughter LOVE THEM she was excited and couldnt wait to wear them Very durable . Sizing was dead on she wears a 5.5 ordered that size and comfy wear with socks and she is good . Timeless !!
 Buen producto , por el precio excelente , envi&oacute; oportuno , en empaque adecuado , recomendable !! Buen producto , por el precio excelente , envi&oacute; oportuno , en empaque adecuado , recomendable !!
 Adidas have got to be my favorite brand of shoes . My size is so hard to find -LRB- 6M boys US -RRB- in regular stores . It 's so much easier to just order my size in Adidas and not worry about them fitting correctly . Sure takes the hassle out of searching for shoes I like AND are in my size . I can always count on Adidas ! I own four pair now that I love very much . Great shoes !
 I had no familiarity with this brand , but the sale price , and my size being available made it easy to give them a try.I 've been wearing them steadily for the past several weeks , and while they were originally a bit stiff feeling on the bottom , they have formed nicely around my feet and are quite comfortable.The sensation while walking on a hard smooth surface is a bit unique because of the many small `` cleats '' which make up the sole , but all in all I 'm quite pleased.My only complaint is that 3 metal eyelets on the same side of one shoe have come undone . Two of them are ornamental , but one is the top eyelet for the lace and will likely start pulling at the leather amd doing some damage if I do n't have it repaired by a cobbler .
 the shoes looked as good and cool as they did on the site and they fit perfectly . . i can agree with the other reviewer that they were heavy and have a stiff feel but some people may like the heavier feel of the shoe unless youre gon na be doing some kind of hectic activity that requires allot of erratic movements , but for people who probably go off the beaten track on the rocky roads and gravel trails these shoes are the perfect fit , actually the feel of these shoes do remind me of the stiff durable construction type feel of timberlands rugged series of boot and shoe
 Tsubo - means - pressure point in Japanese - shoe stands for its name . Shoe is comfortable and I would n't say heavy -LRB- DMs are heavy -RRB- , but it 's not your lite sneaker . Tsubos are very well made . Recommend !
 Very comfortable , well built shoe . They seem to last forever and the styling is never out of date . These are very comfortable to say the least , nice purchase .
 Super comfortable - love the style and goes with everything . I had a pair in the 80 's and I missed them - I am glad there are still around.You should be prepared to order down - I wear a size 7M and ordered a whole size smaller and they are perfect . I did need to do a return for the size and it was easy and fast to do the exchange .
 These were a Christmas gift for my daughter and she absolutely loves them . They are very comfortable and fit great .
 I first found these in FL at the Seminole Indian Reservation at a cost of $ 5 . Since then I 've never been without at least 2 pr . They used to come in all colors ; like pink , blue , red , but white is my favorite . Thirty years & counting . When they get dirty I throw them in the washer with my white towels with bleach , use shoe trees & let them air dry . I 've never had a problem with these moccasins . They are hard to wear out . I 'm trying to find them in a doeskin which I have from a different store . Mine are wearing out and I need to find them . Soooo comfy . I ca n't say enough about these shoes . Love them forever .
 Nice quality moccasins . Size runs true . Leather is of the great quality . My Mother was thrilled to get these slip-ons .
 These are the ultimate in classic American preppy style . Too bad they are getting hard to find . I wish they would continue making narrow sizes and more colors .
 A nice shoe . I have a wide foot and they work well . My only complaint is that I thought that they would be softer .
 Love my Mocs ... have worn them since I was a kid . Love the colorand the fit , as always , is perfect . The sole makes it easier towalk outside . Love them !!!
 I bought these for my wife . They look good on her . These hold up much better than thesuede ones without a sole . When that type gets wet , they take on a worn out look.My wife says they are light and comfortable . Minnetonka is a good brand name , and shehas already told me that when this pair , wears out , she wants the exact pair in white.What more can be said . She 's very happy with them .
 These shoes are extremly comfortable ! I purchased them in white and wore them throughout the summer with many compliments .
 I have ordered these moccasins before from other sources . This was the fastest , easiest of all of them and the least expensive . I will order through Amazon again .
 These moccasins fit better and feel better than I ever expected . I was wavering between ordering size 8 or 8-1/2 and finally settled on the larger size , thanks to another review . The size is perfect . I can walk in these with my foot relaxed , not `` clenched '' like I often find myself doing with other slip-ons in order to keep them on . I intend to order another color and give them to myself for Christmas .
 love these made very well . I have had them for a couple of years now and they have worn very well . They were priced pretty affordably .
 Bought these for my wife ... she loves them ... very well made ! Fits true to size . Very pleased with on time delivery too !
 I bought this exact pair of shoes on a trip to Michigan 5 years ago , and the only indication that they were well-loved was the subtle graying of the laces ; the leather and soles held up great ! When my new puppy chewed one up , I immediately bought a new pair . They are an incredible bargain and seem to go along with everything ! I did get a few blisters while breaking them in , as well as a strange under-the-big-toe scraping , but it 's well worth it for the years of use I 'll wear out of them .
 I first purchased a pair of Minnetonka moccasins 32years ago . -LRB- when I was 19 ! -RRB- I still have them and besides some normal wear and tear , they are in great shape.My two daughters recently purchased their own pairs and they love them . The moccasins still have the same great style and variety of colors . I got nostalgic and purchased a pair for myself and get compliments whenever I wear them ! What a great shoe that never goes out of style !
 I love Minnetonka 's but the ties are always problematic . I wish these had softer leather . The ties are too long , and flop around as I walk . And , in my experience , they will continue to untie when I wear them . But I do love these shoes . I 'm hoping they will change the ties and come out with new designs without them .
 They 're perfect ! Sizing was right ; cute as ever . Just like those I had when I was a kid.The sole is hard rubber or vinyl , with ridges , if anyone wants to know . Love them !
 I could not find these for my mother-in-law in her size anywhere . Found them on Amazon in her size and ten dollars cheaper than in the local stores .
 I love Minnetonka moccasins . They are the most comfortable shoes I own . Have them in every color . These brand new ones were purchased to replace a pair I 've had for years . They did not disappoint .
 While I have owned a few pair of Minnitonka moc 's over the years I knew the product would be comfortable , and they are.The style of the Thunderbird is great for casual wear and look good with shorts or jeans . There is very little , if any support in this style so be aware of that if you are looking for a walking shoe.My one disappointment was a flaw in one of the shoe . The threading around the top was seperated and with very little effort would have destroyed the entire shoe . I had to send them back . Do n't let that be a negative because the shoe itself is well worth the price .
 These were purchased as a gift for my mother-in-law and she loves them . Shipping was fast . Great outcome .
 True to size , comfortable , and cute . The only reason I gave 4 stars instead of 5 , is the color is not a true red , but a blue-red .
 Minnetonka mocs are always ! the very best & last forever ! The $ pd . on Amazon were about $ 10 less than other sites or in my local stores -LRB- if I can even find them -RRB- . FYI ; sizing very true to reg . / your own size but if you wear a 1/2 size do NOT order 1 sz . up ; they 'll be too big so I now only buy mocs if they have my 8 1/2 size . Every Minetonka sandal , moc , boot , etc. is the best you can buy
 These moccasins are such a great price and so cute . They are a great value.My only problem with them is that they were too big , I am normally a 7 1/2 in almost every shoe but these were too big and I have heard that they stretch so I ordered a 7 instead and those will arrive soon . But since they can be returned it is not a big deal at all.I would recommend getting them but maybe getting a 1/2 size smaller then you usually wear unless you know your size with this brand already !
 These moccasins are probably my favorite shoes ever . This will be my third pair of the thunderbird style . If you are wondering about the quality of these , they 're very well made and wo n't fall apart on you after a month of wear . I 've had a pair that I bought over five years ago that are still in good condition . Granted , they are a bit rough after such a long time but that 's expected after such a long time .
 I have a navy pair I have worn for years , wanted a more neutral color . These felt a little stiff at first , I tightened them up with strings and they are getting softer and more comfortable . Love them with capris .
 I wo n't wear any other shoe in the summer . The comfort factor is amazing & my feet NEVER get hot in these . They look great with shorts & jeans , dressed up or dressed down . I 've worn these for 24 years & will continue for the rest of my life !
 True Minnetonka Moccasins are extremely comfortable . I live in mine and they still last at least several years . I find the smooth leather much more durable and stay in good condition longer . Enjoy !
 Love the shoes ! I 've been looking for a pair of the Minnetonka Thunderbirds with a good sole . This one has a nice boat sole with some tread . I ordered the red - and it 's not TOO red - more of a saddle color - a nice russet shade in a soft leather . Fits well , true to size . Very happy with this purchase .
 My 19-yo daughter has been a fan of Minnetonka moccasins for quite some time ... . She has several pair ; however , the Thunderbird Smooth in Natural is the cutest ever ! Aztec and Native America clothing is sooooo popular these days ... what better to accessorize with than Moccasins -LRB- and a cool fringed leather purse from South Dakota sporting Sitting Bull -RRB- ! Wish I had a picture to share with you ... PROS : * Quality leather with coordinating leather stitching . * Beaded Thunderbird looks handmade ! ** Price * Durable rubber soleCONS : * Not made in the USA : - -LRB- NOTES *** Runs 1/2 size large ... . Do NOT order your true size . They will be too big . * Wear some kind of tiny sock ... Leather is NOT breathable so bare feet will SWEAT!I give these moccasins 5 ***** s because they are extremely cute and fashionable and well worth the money !! ENJOY ...
 Love these moccasins ! Just as comfortable and versatile as one would expect ! Goes with Jeans , shorts or a casual dress .
 great shoe if you have wide feet . I like Minnetonkas as they are easy to slide on and off in the summer . Shoe is cool and comfy for summer .
 this is truly the best shoe i 've ever bought , and trust me , i 've had em all , nike , brooks , nb etc etc. . THIS IS NOT JUST FOR TRAIL RUNNING . i use mine on trails and on the street and the shoe does great on both . i got these after having these recommended to me by a guy at galyans after i explained that my knees sometimes played up after a lacrosse injury . these shoes just make it a pleasure to run . really chushiony , totally eliminated my knee pains , great grip when i do go on the trails ! would totally recommend these to anyone . my friend borrowed them yesterday and was so impressed that she 's going to get herself a pair today !
 The title says it all ... These are a steal at the price I paid !!! Great looking shoe and very , very comfortable ...
 My daughter need these specific character shoes for her Dance Club at college . The shows arrived in 2 days after placing the order , from NY a few dance after Hurricane Sandy . The shoes are amazing as Capezios are & the seller gave service beyond reproach . Highly recommend shoes & seller through Amazon !
 I 'd been very nervous about buying shoes online , but thanks to many of the previous reviewers , I was able to make a good choice on size . I usually wear a size 7 medium in street shoes , but because I 'd read that these shoes run narrow , I ordered a 7 wide , and they fit perfect . I was so relieved ! I 'd been looking for shoes for worship dance , with a heel not too high , but kind of dressy , and I think these are just right !
 This is a great shoe ! It was comfortable from the first time I wore it . The heel height is perfect -- not too high or too low . I ordered my usual street shoe size and the fit was just fine .
 Very comfortable shoe . Runs very close to shoe size ! I needed a shoe for an upcoming show and even beginners can use this shoe .
 These shoes are very comfortable and with the arch support even more so.Being leather makes these shoes far more durable .
 I bought this shoe because I used to wear them for dancing , I do not dance any more but wanted the comfort and support these shoes provide . Great cushion on the innersole .
 i just started dance classes . . this are very nice . comfortable . went with just about everything i wore . i have then 6 months and holding up very well .
 I love these white shoes ! They make my feet appear so elegant and classy . It is a very well-constructed shoe , made of high-quality leather . Since it has a more sturdy leather sole , it can be worn anywhere , not just for ballroom dancing . These shoes would be perfect for a wedding or other formal occasion . The size 6.5 N was a very tight fit on me but there was no size 6.5 M available . I 'm hoping the good-quality leather will stretch over time ; But since dancing shoes are supposed to fit snugly anyway , these shoes will do very nicely for my ballroom dancing classes . At $ 38 compared to the $ 60 and up price at my local store , this was an unbeatable deal ! Thanks , Amazon !
 I am an aspiring theater actress in graduate school and I needed some character shoes for rehearsing.The heel is a perfect height . I am used to wearing higher heels for ` going out ' but these are great for acting , dancing , and moving in . They give you enough height to feel like a heel , but are low enough so you can actually do some REAL work . Sometimes high heels hurt and disconnect you from the much needed ` grounded ' feeling when working.They are really comfortable , break in nicely , and are great for auditioning.They are a tad narrow so if you have wide feet opt for a wider size.I LOVE my Capezios !!!
 This shoe is very nice , BUT , order your regular size ; it does not run large !! Bought these for my Mom and ordered a half size up based on the product description and will have to exchange them .
 These shoes are the best I have ever had ; they fit just fine ; they look great ! And the price was right!ghl
 I bought this shoe because I used to wear them for dancing , I do not dance any more but wanted the comfort and support these shoes provide . Great cushion on the innersole .
 i just started dance classes . . this are very nice . comfortable . went with just about everything i wore . i have then 6 months and holding up very well .
 I love these white shoes ! They make my feet appear so elegant and classy . It is a very well-constructed shoe , made of high-quality leather . Since it has a more sturdy leather sole , it can be worn anywhere , not just for ballroom dancing . These shoes would be perfect for a wedding or other formal occasion . The size 6.5 N was a very tight fit on me but there was no size 6.5 M available . I 'm hoping the good-quality leather will stretch over time ; But since dancing shoes are supposed to fit snugly anyway , these shoes will do very nicely for my ballroom dancing classes . At $ 38 compared to the $ 60 and up price at my local store , this was an unbeatable deal ! Thanks , Amazon !
 I am an aspiring theater actress in graduate school and I needed some character shoes for rehearsing.The heel is a perfect height . I am used to wearing higher heels for ` going out ' but these are great for acting , dancing , and moving in . They give you enough height to feel like a heel , but are low enough so you can actually do some REAL work . Sometimes high heels hurt and disconnect you from the much needed ` grounded ' feeling when working.They are really comfortable , break in nicely , and are great for auditioning.They are a tad narrow so if you have wide feet opt for a wider size.I LOVE my Capezios !!!
 This shoe is very nice , BUT , order your regular size ; it does not run large !! Bought these for my Mom and ordered a half size up based on the product description and will have to exchange them .
 These shoes are the best I have ever had ; they fit just fine ; they look great ! And the price was right!ghl
 My daughter need these specific character shoes for her Dance Club at college . The shows arrived in 2 days after placing the order , from NY a few dance after Hurricane Sandy . The shoes are amazing as Capezios are & the seller gave service beyond reproach . Highly recommend shoes & seller through Amazon !
 I 'd been very nervous about buying shoes online , but thanks to many of the previous reviewers , I was able to make a good choice on size . I usually wear a size 7 medium in street shoes , but because I 'd read that these shoes run narrow , I ordered a 7 wide , and they fit perfect . I was so relieved ! I 'd been looking for shoes for worship dance , with a heel not too high , but kind of dressy , and I think these are just right !
 This is a great shoe ! It was comfortable from the first time I wore it . The heel height is perfect -- not too high or too low . I ordered my usual street shoe size and the fit was just fine .
 Very comfortable shoe . Runs very close to shoe size ! I needed a shoe for an upcoming show and even beginners can use this shoe .
 These shoes are very comfortable and with the arch support even more so.Being leather makes these shoes far more durable .
 Purchased the black suede with wit piping sole and stripes Got for my daughter LOVE THEM she was excited and couldnt wait to wear them Very durable . Sizing was dead on she wears a 5.5 ordered that size and comfy wear with socks and she is good . Timeless !!
 Buen producto , por el precio excelente , envi&oacute; oportuno , en empaque adecuado , recomendable !! Buen producto , por el precio excelente , envi&oacute; oportuno , en empaque adecuado , recomendable !!
 Adidas have got to be my favorite brand of shoes . My size is so hard to find -LRB- 6M boys US -RRB- in regular stores . It 's so much easier to just order my size in Adidas and not worry about them fitting correctly . Sure takes the hassle out of searching for shoes I like AND are in my size . I can always count on Adidas ! I own four pair now that I love very much . Great shoes !
 I purchased my Men 's Irish Setter Countrysiders because I suffer from plantar fasciitis , and I also have weak ankles . I teach middle school , and I am on my feet all day . I wore Rockports for a while , but they did not give me the ankle support that I needed . I stumbled upon these Men 's Irish Setter Countrysiders while doing a google search . They are great ! The insoles are removeable -LRB- perfect for me because I wear custom orthotics -RRB- . They do need a couple of days to break in just above the inside ankles because they are boots , but then they fit like a glove!I am about to purchase my 2nd pair .
 living in the northeast these boots definetly came in handy this winter . very comfortable and supportive . seller sent them very quickly - 2 days and they were mine
 Purchased the black suede with wit piping sole and stripes Got for my daughter LOVE THEM she was excited and couldnt wait to wear them Very durable . Sizing was dead on she wears a 5.5 ordered that size and comfy wear with socks and she is good . Timeless !!
 Buen producto , por el precio excelente , envi&oacute; oportuno , en empaque adecuado , recomendable !! Buen producto , por el precio excelente , envi&oacute; oportuno , en empaque adecuado , recomendable !!
 Adidas have got to be my favorite brand of shoes . My size is so hard to find -LRB- 6M boys US -RRB- in regular stores . It 's so much easier to just order my size in Adidas and not worry about them fitting correctly . Sure takes the hassle out of searching for shoes I like AND are in my size . I can always count on Adidas ! I own four pair now that I love very much . Great shoes !
 Purchased the black suede with wit piping sole and stripes Got for my daughter LOVE THEM she was excited and couldnt wait to wear them Very durable . Sizing was dead on she wears a 5.5 ordered that size and comfy wear with socks and she is good . Timeless !!
 Buen producto , por el precio excelente , envi&oacute; oportuno , en empaque adecuado , recomendable !! Buen producto , por el precio excelente , envi&oacute; oportuno , en empaque adecuado , recomendable !!
 Adidas have got to be my favorite brand of shoes . My size is so hard to find -LRB- 6M boys US -RRB- in regular stores . It 's so much easier to just order my size in Adidas and not worry about them fitting correctly . Sure takes the hassle out of searching for shoes I like AND are in my size . I can always count on Adidas ! I own four pair now that I love very much . Great shoes !
 Let me start off by saying WOW . These shoes are sooo unbelivable its not funny . The bulit in sock gives you better ankel support and the laces never come un-tied . The style of this shoe is amazing . I give who ever made this shoe a 50 out of 10 . I have played ball with a pair of T-Mac 2s and it feels as if you are wearing socs . The material it is made out of must be very light . The cusioning inside the shoe is has so much comfort it feels as if you are playing ball in a pair of fluffy socks . The non-marking sole is sweet too if you want to playing on or off the court . If you are playing off court , you never scuff your shoes . These shoes are amazing !!
 You have to definently get these shoes because they are the best shoes out there at this moment.Their nice looking , durable , and well worth -LSB- the money -RSB- . If you are looking for basketball shoes or even shoes to just wear around you must get these .
 PEOPLE , DIS PAIR OF SHOES IS DA BEST PAIR OF SHOES YOU WILL EVA BUY , I LOOK EVA SO PIMP IN EM ' , I BRING ALL DA LADIES TO DA COURT , AND THEY LOVE DA WAY I PLAY BASKETBALL , I REALLY RECCOMENDATIZZAL THAT YOU BUY THESE SHOES FOR RIZZAL , AND WHEN YOU DO BUY DA P.I.M.P SHOES , ALL THE LADIES WILL BE ASKIN YOU RO SHIZZAL WITH YO NIZZAL , PEACE TO THE BROTHAS IN DA HOOD WHO HAVE DA T MACS , SIGHNED , YO MAMMA .
 the mens mmizuno geo spark 2 's are one the best track and field spikes to date . the way the under part of the shoe helps have a more powerful start also the traction that it gives is remarkable , i also love the strap for added support and fit
 Nice little shoes for your cute little boy , high quality construction and my kiddow loves them !
 Let me start off by saying WOW . These shoes are sooo unbelivable its not funny . The bulit in sock gives you better ankel support and the laces never come un-tied . The style of this shoe is amazing . I give who ever made this shoe a 50 out of 10 . I have played ball with a pair of T-Mac 2s and it feels as if you are wearing socs . The material it is made out of must be very light . The cusioning inside the shoe is has so much comfort it feels as if you are playing ball in a pair of fluffy socks . The non-marking sole is sweet too if you want to playing on or off the court . If you are playing off court , you never scuff your shoes . These shoes are amazing !!
 You have to definently get these shoes because they are the best shoes out there at this moment.Their nice looking , durable , and well worth -LSB- the money -RSB- . If you are looking for basketball shoes or even shoes to just wear around you must get these .
 PEOPLE , DIS PAIR OF SHOES IS DA BEST PAIR OF SHOES YOU WILL EVA BUY , I LOOK EVA SO PIMP IN EM ' , I BRING ALL DA LADIES TO DA COURT , AND THEY LOVE DA WAY I PLAY BASKETBALL , I REALLY RECCOMENDATIZZAL THAT YOU BUY THESE SHOES FOR RIZZAL , AND WHEN YOU DO BUY DA P.I.M.P SHOES , ALL THE LADIES WILL BE ASKIN YOU RO SHIZZAL WITH YO NIZZAL , PEACE TO THE BROTHAS IN DA HOOD WHO HAVE DA T MACS , SIGHNED , YO MAMMA .
 Let me start off by saying WOW . These shoes are sooo unbelivable its not funny . The bulit in sock gives you better ankel support and the laces never come un-tied . The style of this shoe is amazing . I give who ever made this shoe a 50 out of 10 . I have played ball with a pair of T-Mac 2s and it feels as if you are wearing socs . The material it is made out of must be very light . The cusioning inside the shoe is has so much comfort it feels as if you are playing ball in a pair of fluffy socks . The non-marking sole is sweet too if you want to playing on or off the court . If you are playing off court , you never scuff your shoes . These shoes are amazing !!
 You have to definently get these shoes because they are the best shoes out there at this moment.Their nice looking , durable , and well worth -LSB- the money -RSB- . If you are looking for basketball shoes or even shoes to just wear around you must get these .
 PEOPLE , DIS PAIR OF SHOES IS DA BEST PAIR OF SHOES YOU WILL EVA BUY , I LOOK EVA SO PIMP IN EM ' , I BRING ALL DA LADIES TO DA COURT , AND THEY LOVE DA WAY I PLAY BASKETBALL , I REALLY RECCOMENDATIZZAL THAT YOU BUY THESE SHOES FOR RIZZAL , AND WHEN YOU DO BUY DA P.I.M.P SHOES , ALL THE LADIES WILL BE ASKIN YOU RO SHIZZAL WITH YO NIZZAL , PEACE TO THE BROTHAS IN DA HOOD WHO HAVE DA T MACS , SIGHNED , YO MAMMA .
 This shoe fit my true size 11W . The soles of my feet do n't hurt when I get home , and my feet do not feel pinched . They look very professional , and are great with pants .
 These shoes met my needs
 I purchased my Men 's Irish Setter Countrysiders because I suffer from plantar fasciitis , and I also have weak ankles . I teach middle school , and I am on my feet all day . I wore Rockports for a while , but they did not give me the ankle support that I needed . I stumbled upon these Men 's Irish Setter Countrysiders while doing a google search . They are great ! The insoles are removeable -LRB- perfect for me because I wear custom orthotics -RRB- . They do need a couple of days to break in just above the inside ankles because they are boots , but then they fit like a glove!I am about to purchase my 2nd pair .
 I love the Stan Smith . i dont think anybody actually still uses them for tennis . its more of a casual shoe now . my all time favorite shoe in the Adidas Superstar aka shelltoe but the Stan Smiths come close second . make sure you keep them clean or by a new pair every 3 or 4 months . nothing worse that a pair of dirty Adidas .
 These shoes are great it 's very comfortable shoes and very nice look . I love them .
 Have ben buying the very same shoe for decades -LRB- FYI , it was the very first leather tennis shoe ever retailed -RRB- . It is by far the most comfortable , durable and handsome tennis shoe ever to grace my feet . The chicks really dig me when I wear them , see , so I have carefully ration their use as I can only handle 25 chicks max at any given time.They 're also great for defending yourself anything of a size from a kitty cat to a Grizzly bear , though I would not recommend kicking a Grizzly . For some reason , dogs always think my ST 's are of the opposite sex and in heat ? I do n't get that , but at least it keeps my shoes clean.I 've been told the ST can even stop bullets but I 'll have to get back on that with you later . Amazon sent me exactly the STs I ordered and were very fast about it . Amazon and Adidas are my bestest buddies now.P.S . It 's fun to see where my Stan Smiths are manufactured each time I 'm forced to reorder . Think my first were made in France -LRB- ugh , gnarly -RRB- , then the U.S. , then Japan , then Indonesia , then Malaysia , then Singapore , then South Korea , then Mexico , then Mexico again , then Vietnam , then China , now Southern Mexi-Fornia . Labor in So Cal is now cheaper than China ! Is that a hoot or what ?! We 're bringing back industry to the USA .
 Since my childhood I always wanted to wear a pair of stan smith . This is a retro shoe which offers both comfort and style together . I recommend it to everybody who likes 3 stripes .
 The shoes were in perfect condition and arrived in a timely fashion . I would definitely purchase from this company again . Their s/h rates were very reasonable : -RRB-
 The sneakers were great . The delivery was on time . I was completely satisfied
 perfect ! the style is unique and ready for a night out with a special someone to sports with anyone . this shoe will become what makes you , `` you ''
 I bought these tennis shoes for my fiance and he just loves them ! He 's even talking about buying the exact pair
 I like the way this shoes look and feel . They are true to size and great for playing tennis.These shoes also look nice and feel like walking on air . I like that they look great in shorts as well as jeans . I have been wearing these for years and love them , brought several pairs as well .
 My hubbie has been wearing Stan Smiths for a looooong time . For a while they were difficult to find . We were delighted to find them on Amazon . HOWEVER , they are not true to size . I have to return them & reorder a larger size . -LRB- Return shipping is on me , apparently . -RRB- I saw this same comment from someone else . We even held the shoe up to his old Stan Smiths to compare the length of the 2 shoes - the new one is obviously shorter . Hoping an 11 1/2 will fit like the old 11 !
 I bought these shoes a while back and when I first put them on it was really comfortable and easy to wear anywhere . I would buy this pair of shoes again .
 Very happy with these shoes . A little tight in the middle , but I 'm sure they 'll get worked in . I love the color and the material .
 These are n't the originals , but they are close enough and WAY WAY better than any of the imitations out there , and that includes the other `` Stan Smith '' cheapo versions I 've seen in stores lately . These are well worth the $ difference over the others!After breaking them in -LRB- which did seem a tad long -RRB- they are quite supple and comfortable with excellent non-skid/non-marking qualities . AND the classic look ! I 'm pretty happy with them.I did note , particularly after break-in , that they seem slightly large compared to prior purchases of the Stan Smith , same size . Could be that the marginally thinner leather in the Stan 2 stretches more during break in or just manufacturing tolerances . The difference is noticeable , but not enough to warrant down-size one half size . -LRB- In other words , I would n't up an order a half size just because your present size X fit a bit snugly . These Stan 2 's apparently run just a hair large . -RRB- Shipment and delivery were prompt , no problems at all .
 Mr Smith can be proud of having his name and outstanding record associated with a product of equal value . I 've used the for over 30 years .
 This is a good classic shoe . True to size and is a great white shoe that goes well with shorts , jeans or whatever . Definitely a staple shoe to have in the closet .
 I have been a tennis player since Stan Smith shoes first came out . It has always been my favorite tennis shoe . Now it 's my favorite daily foot wear .
 I was afraid to order a pair of boots over the internet , specially since I have a high arch and a slender foot . But the boots fit to a tee . The leather is so soft and plyable , and the soles are made really well . I put them on and voila ! ... no breaking in period . They were so comfy . I just went out and bought good shoe polish and a horse-hair brush so I can keep these beauties in good shape for hopefully a long time to come .
 I know these shoes are made of non-leather materials and usually would not even have tried them because of that . But , once on , they are the most moldable , soft , well fitting and supportive sandals I have . I have a complaint about the black rubber sole and stacked heel - the rubber is too soft and the back of the heel mars very easily . Another complaint is that they are so hard to find ! I have several pairs and will keep looking ...
 I purchased shoes from Overstock.com and the shoes were perfect . They arrived on time and the fit was exact . Will certainly order from the manufacturer again .
 I previously owned a pair of these sandals -LRB- over 5 years ago -RRB- which I really liked , but for some reason they no longer fit confortably . I decided to order them in a wide width thinking that might be the problem now that I no longer wear high heels , but more casual , loose fitting shoes . My new sandals fit beautifully . I can wear them all day long in complete comfort . I 'm really glad I gave them a second try because I really like the style and have always thought them to be an attractive shoe too .
 I do not ususally order shoes but I was very pleased with this purchase and Peltz Shoes . The shoes were shipped immediatley and I received them within 3 days . Would purchase from them again . Thanks
 This is my second pair , in as many years . Comfortable , nice hieght and affordable .
 I love this shoe . It 's dressy , but casual enough for every day summer wear , and it 's comfortable for walking around every day . I bought one years ago at a retail store , then when they started breaking down I tried to find another shoe that fit the casual-dressy-comfortable category and could n't find anything else that came close . I found these here , and ordered the same ones I had before , and am very happy about it . Just wish they had the other colors in stock for size 6 !
 Very nice shoe it would be great if this style came in more colors . Shoes are comfortable and sturdy , great for walking .
 I ordered the Mimosa sandal in 7E Camel . It is true to size and comfortable . I love the style , looks dressy even as a low heel . The footpad inside is man-made material , but with stockings it is comfortable . Too bad the footpad is n't microfiber or something like that .
 very comfortable shoe . I have worn these for many years & have many colors . Good with casual or dressy . I was so happy I found the black again . For a long time they were n't available .
 This is a perfect sandal for dress or casual . I needed a navy pair to wear when I am working conferences and these are great . They are comfortable and look very neat with dresses or suits .
 This LifeStride shoe is one of the most comfortable shoes I have ever had - I like it so much I have it in three different colors . Even after wearing it all day my feet are feeling great . You ca n't go wrong with this shoe .
 I had a pair of shoes like these that I wore until they nearly fell apart . They were so very comfortable , and worked well with different types of outfits , including shorts and capris . The only problem , -LRB- which other people have mentioned -RRB- , is that they do tend to run narrow , so I would suggest buying them a width wider than you normally do.For a relatively inexpensive shoe , I think that they are a great value.Addendum
 I have these sandals in five different colors . They are incredibly comfortable yet stylish , and can be worn with slacks or skirts for work or play . Although they are not leather , they look and feel just like it . Great for fashion-minded vegans or those looking for a comfortable , inexpensive sandal .
 Very comfortable and cute shoe . I wear a 9 AA and rarely find great colored shoes in my size . I bought these in aqua and am very happy with the fit and the look .
 I bought four pair of these in different colors . They are the SOFTEST shoes - they just hug your feet and feel like you 've slipped a soft little glove over your tootsies ! ;--RRB- I have long , narrow feet so being able to get them in my size was a plus as well . I am absolutely delighted with them .
 Very cute flat shoe . If your feet tend to swell however I would order a wide width . Other than that the shoe looks great with jeans or capri pants !
 I love these Life Stride Sandals . Can be worn when dressed up or casual . Very comfortable . Planning on purchasing more in several colors .
 I love these shoes and have them in blue , white and black . I find them very comfortable to walk in which I appreciate since I usually need orthodic inserts . fit true to size .
 I love these sandals and am unhappy that they are discontinued . If there are any out there in size 8 give me an email !
 I bought these shoes to wear to a wedding ... they were so comfortable I could have danced all night and nearly did !! Thank you !!
 I bought this shoe in mimosa and navy . I need the wide width . The sizing was very true.I am very satisfied with this shoe and highly recommend to anyone needing the wider widths.N.Mayo
 These boots are amazing . I got them because I am 4 ' 11 '' and I needed good boots to ride my motorscooter . I have only had them for a little bit , but I think they 'll last as long as you do n't treat them like hiking boots . I 'm glad I did n't get them from here though , they were on sale at Macy 's -LRB- in San Francisco -RRB- . Hope this was useful .
 These boots are amazing . I got them because I am 4 ' 11 '' and I needed good boots to ride my motorscooter . I have only had them for a little bit , but I think they 'll last as long as you do n't treat them like hiking boots . I 'm glad I did n't get them from here though , they were on sale at Macy 's -LRB- in San Francisco -RRB- . Hope this was useful .
 I have these sandals in five different colors . They are incredibly comfortable yet stylish , and can be worn with slacks or skirts for work or play . Although they are not leather , they look and feel just like it . Great for fashion-minded vegans or those looking for a comfortable , inexpensive sandal .
 Very comfortable and cute shoe . I wear a 9 AA and rarely find great colored shoes in my size . I bought these in aqua and am very happy with the fit and the look .
 I bought four pair of these in different colors . They are the SOFTEST shoes - they just hug your feet and feel like you 've slipped a soft little glove over your tootsies ! ;--RRB- I have long , narrow feet so being able to get them in my size was a plus as well . I am absolutely delighted with them .
 Very cute flat shoe . If your feet tend to swell however I would order a wide width . Other than that the shoe looks great with jeans or capri pants !
 I love these Life Stride Sandals . Can be worn when dressed up or casual . Very comfortable . Planning on purchasing more in several colors .
 I love these shoes and have them in blue , white and black . I find them very comfortable to walk in which I appreciate since I usually need orthodic inserts . fit true to size .
 I love these sandals and am unhappy that they are discontinued . If there are any out there in size 8 give me an email !
 I love this shoe . It 's dressy , but casual enough for every day summer wear , and it 's comfortable for walking around every day . I bought one years ago at a retail store , then when they started breaking down I tried to find another shoe that fit the casual-dressy-comfortable category and could n't find anything else that came close . I found these here , and ordered the same ones I had before , and am very happy about it . Just wish they had the other colors in stock for size 6 !
 Very nice shoe it would be great if this style came in more colors . Shoes are comfortable and sturdy , great for walking .
 very comfortable shoe . I have worn these for many years & have many colors . Good with casual or dressy . I was so happy I found the black again . For a long time they were n't available .
 This LifeStride shoe is one of the most comfortable shoes I have ever had - I like it so much I have it in three different colors . Even after wearing it all day my feet are feeling great . You ca n't go wrong with this shoe .
 I had a pair of shoes like these that I wore until they nearly fell apart . They were so very comfortable , and worked well with different types of outfits , including shorts and capris . The only problem , -LRB- which other people have mentioned -RRB- , is that they do tend to run narrow , so I would suggest buying them a width wider than you normally do.For a relatively inexpensive shoe , I think that they are a great value.Addendum
 I know these shoes are made of non-leather materials and usually would not even have tried them because of that . But , once on , they are the most moldable , soft , well fitting and supportive sandals I have . I have a complaint about the black rubber sole and stacked heel - the rubber is too soft and the back of the heel mars very easily . Another complaint is that they are so hard to find ! I have several pairs and will keep looking ...
 I purchased shoes from Overstock.com and the shoes were perfect . They arrived on time and the fit was exact . Will certainly order from the manufacturer again .
 I previously owned a pair of these sandals -LRB- over 5 years ago -RRB- which I really liked , but for some reason they no longer fit confortably . I decided to order them in a wide width thinking that might be the problem now that I no longer wear high heels , but more casual , loose fitting shoes . My new sandals fit beautifully . I can wear them all day long in complete comfort . I 'm really glad I gave them a second try because I really like the style and have always thought them to be an attractive shoe too .
 I do not ususally order shoes but I was very pleased with this purchase and Peltz Shoes . The shoes were shipped immediatley and I received them within 3 days . Would purchase from them again . Thanks
 This is my second pair , in as many years . Comfortable , nice hieght and affordable .
 These boots are amazing . I got them because I am 4 ' 11 '' and I needed good boots to ride my motorscooter . I have only had them for a little bit , but I think they 'll last as long as you do n't treat them like hiking boots . I 'm glad I did n't get them from here though , they were on sale at Macy 's -LRB- in San Francisco -RRB- . Hope this was useful .
 These boots are amazing . I got them because I am 4 ' 11 '' and I needed good boots to ride my motorscooter . I have only had them for a little bit , but I think they 'll last as long as you do n't treat them like hiking boots . I 'm glad I did n't get them from here though , they were on sale at Macy 's -LRB- in San Francisco -RRB- . Hope this was useful .
 These boots are amazing . I got them because I am 4 ' 11 '' and I needed good boots to ride my motorscooter . I have only had them for a little bit , but I think they 'll last as long as you do n't treat them like hiking boots . I 'm glad I did n't get them from here though , they were on sale at Macy 's -LRB- in San Francisco -RRB- . Hope this was useful .
 These boots are amazing . I got them because I am 4 ' 11 '' and I needed good boots to ride my motorscooter . I have only had them for a little bit , but I think they 'll last as long as you do n't treat them like hiking boots . I 'm glad I did n't get them from here though , they were on sale at Macy 's -LRB- in San Francisco -RRB- . Hope this was useful .
 I absolutely love these slippers . I can wear them to work or just around the house . A great addition !!!! Also a great gift .
 These slippers are as shown on the website . Good quality , however the sizing runs a bit on the smaller side . I recommend that you order the next size up .
 My girlfriend bought me these slippers about 5 years ago and I 've been wearing them ever since . Winter is when they get used mostly because they are so warm . I wear them constantly around the house and even out to run errands . The slippers have stood up to the abuse of the outdoors.They 've completely held up and almost look brand new . The only thing is on the bottom the suede is wearing away a little , but after 5 years , I 'd say that 's to be expected.I love them so much I bought my father a pair .
 Perfect . Great quality . Your feet will get hot if you where them for an extended time period . I had a pair of lands end for six plus years . These seem twice as good as those .
 Love these slippers ! High quality , comfy and warm . They are perfect . Expensive but worth every penny . I got these for my husband for his birthday and he loves them .
 I knew that Uggs were comfortable . I have no idea they were going to be THIS comfortable ! I 'm wearing them way more than I had ever imagined . I practically live in them on the weekend , and they are the first thing I change into after work . They are so convenient , and also are practical enough to wear in public as a shoe . It 's hard to call these slippers because they are so much more .
 Comfy and well built ! I wear them every day . The size is consistent with other shoes I own . I highly recommend them .
 I ordered my normal shoe size 9 but when I got them I could barely squeeze them on . I returned the size 9 and ordered a size 10 and they fit fine . Apparently the wool lining is so fluffy it takes up one full shoe size .
 I am a 13 year old boy , and I wanted comfy shoes to wear out-and-about/around the house . Well let me tell you , these shoes are the best . Only issue is that they were labeled &#34; leather &#34; but they are actually made out of suede .
 I received these as a gift last year after being told my cold feet were no longer welcome in bed in the winter . While I ca n't say they totally solved that problem , -LRB- I have to remember to wear them =-RRB- they are a great pair of slippers . I have always liked shearling slippers and ca n't stand scuffs because they always fall off - match that with the comfort of these slippers and they 're just perfect.They have the best sole I have ever seen on something marketed as a slipper and I too have found myself at the grocery store with them on , digging around under my car , etc. . About the only thing that does n't make them a definite everyday shoe choice for me is the lack of any real arch support as others have mentioned . I have a pretty high arch and if I only wear these for more than 2 or 3 days my feet start to hurt a little bit - although I did know a few people who wore them through the winter -LRB- when there was n't snow on the ground -RRB- . 5 stars as a slipper and 4 stars as a shoe !
 I 've never spent much on slippers , and decided to pamper myself with these . They are awesome ! I do n't want to take them off ! I have the black suede version.Like other reviewers , I ordered my first pair too small . I had to send them back and get one size larger . I recommend you get 1/2 to 1 size larger than your normal shoe size . The vendor 's shipping is so fast and Amazon 's returns are pretty easy , so it 's not much of a hassle . I received both pairs I ordered two days after I ordered them.I 've not had mine long enough to evaluate the long-term quality , but they appear to be very high quality slippers , and I think UGG has a good reputation for quality.Get ya some !
 These are quality slippers . I really like the look of them . The insides are very cozy and warm . The soles are very tough -LRB- even though I do n't wear my slippers outside -RRB- . They are worth the money . But ... Prior to purchasing them , I read everyone 's reviews and since I wear a 12 , I ordered a 13 . My feet are not wide . When they arrived , they were SNUG . I was glad I made the decision to follow the advice and order up a size . I thought if I wore them around the house for several days they would stretch out and be comfortable . Aside from them being too snug , they are very comfortable . The place where they are very tight is across the top - the middle part of the foot . My toes have wiggle room , but not much . Unfortunately , they did not stretch out and I am returning them.I am going to give these slippers another shot , because of all the positive reasons I stated before . I am hoping that their sizing is consistent and that a 14 wo n't end up being huge boats on my feet.If you are wondering whether to believe the many size issues that people are having , I can now add my say that yes , they are cut small . Very small . I do n't wear a 12.5 shoe - a solid 12 . So a 13 not fitting is kind of ridiculous , but I am going to give them another try , if any 14s are available .
 I looked at a lot of slippers before picking this one . None fulfilled all of what I was looking for . In the end I 'm happy but I wish the sole extended fully to the outer edge of the foot to be more stable . Also if the back of the slipper extended higher up toward the ankle , it would prevent my heal from lifting out when walking quickly .
 These are probably the most comfortable shoes , slippers , whatever you use them for that i have ever had . The only problem with them is that when you wear them outside the soft leather , at least because of the light color of my leather , gets beaten up and darkens almost instantly . i do not mind but if you do mind this then i would suggest a darker color than the lightest brown .
 I 've purchased Uggs before but I got these as a gift for myself . They fit great and are of much better quality than other slippers that I 've purchased .
 Bought these for my husband for Christmas ... he loved them . Our whole family actually received UGG products this year . Highly recommend them . Super cozy ! Just by one size up . Lining on the insides is very fluffy but super warm .
 If you can drop this much on slippers , than do it . I 've had these for about a month , and they 're worth every penny . I ca n't be sure yet , but these will probably last for a few years . Now I wear a size 7 3E -LRB- triple wide -RRB- . I took advice from the reviews and ordered a us size 8 . The fit is perfect . I got Expresso -LRB- exactly as pictured -RRB- , very nice , subtle color . They 're very warm , never make my feet sweat , and are so soft about 1/3 of the time I do n't realize they 're on my feet ! They also look good . When these wear out , I will absolutely get another pair .
 These slippers are great in many ways . Very comfortable . Perfect for around the house , but also great for walking around the yard -LRB- rubber soles ! -RRB- . This particular model is nice enough to wear in front of guests -LRB- or even on a quick errand -RRB- , but casual enough to work well with a bathrobe and undershirt -LRB- a la Tony Soprano -RRB- . Unfortunately , these slippers do get hot . If your feet warm up quickly or easily it may be worth trying another model . I am only able to wear my pair for short periods , otherwise I get too hot.Don ' t say I did n't warn you .
 I gave these to my sons for Christmas this year -- they all loved them and wear them all the time . I think they all went `` ahhhhhh !! '' when they put them on . They do run a little small so I had to go up a size . I got the smooth leather verses the suede and they were happy with that as they have had suede in the past and they seem to get so dirty !! They are pricey but very good quality !! I had to return one , for a larger size and the return process was simple and sweet !! I received the larger one in no time at all . Would do it again !!!
 Bought these during the winter but kept wearing em up through spring and into summer.I wear 11 1/2 boots and got these in a 12 and they are just right.I was initially concerned they were too tight but they were just the right size .
 I ordered these slipper for my husband who constantly wears slippers around the house . They are very well made , with a thick comfortable sole , good no slip tread on the bottem , super softer interior and easy to clean exterior leather . They have really with held daily wear and tear while looking great . He loves them !
 All I can say is wow and that is all that needs to be said . If you like me and think you get what you pay for then the philosophy holds true .
 These slippers are comfy and casual enough to wear out . I bought them as a gift for my boyfriend and he loved them instantly . The quality of the product is nothing but superb . The lining is very soft and evidently his feet do not over heat . He would recommend these to anybody looking for a good pair of slippers . They are also true to size .
 Besides being a great quality shoe with a great brand , this shoe won my purchase because of the colors available , as well as the size . With other insulated shoes i have worn , there ended up being very bulky and tough to wear with jeans . The Ugg Slipper was narrow enough to look stylish while keeping you warm . I must say that if you thought you could wear socks with them , you are wrong . They bunch at the toe until you have to fix them . The only problem with wearing these in the winter is that since it is not high rise like the women 's boots , your ankles are exposed to the cold air , along with any portion of the leg you have exposed . Otherwise , great product !!
 Great purchase , would buy from again !! Was for father as a gift and he loved them ! Said they are the best slipper 's he 's ever had !
 Honestly , you will not find more comfortable shoes than this . Very nice material , very solid build . It would be nice if the sole came up the front more -LRB- as i believe someone else said -RRB- . But you ca n't have it all . The price was a little steep but considering they are great quality , I 'm not complaining . Be sure to buy the protector for these , I got mine directly from ugg 's website . Free shipping and arrived fast -LRB- cost $ 10 -RRB- . Recommend these for anyone bearing the cold !
 Always wanted a pair of slippers that can keep your feet warm without making your feet sweaty . Well these are it ! It keeps my feet warm in cold weather and as an added plus it has a non-skid bottom so I wear it everywhere !!!
 I ordered these Uggs after searching the web for reasonable priced slippers to wear around the house . The problem with buying clothing and shoes online is that you dont get to physically observe and feel the product , and many times i have received a product which i had high expectations for only to be let down at its faults and poor quality that breaks down in only a couple months ... While in the search for a balance between price and quality I was lucky enough to come across an open box/store return black leather size 11 of these UGG slippers -LRB- i wear 10.5 in athletic shoes -RRB- for a reduced price and decided to give it a try . All i can say is do yourself a favor and spend the extra cash for a pair of these before you waste your money on any of those cheap mass produced pair that look a lot better than they perform . I would have no problem buying these again at full price , its worth every penny.Ive been using these UGGS for close to 2 months now and they have only gotten more comfortable . Although slightly snug at first with socks , a few nights of use later and it stretched and conformed to fit real well . Only thing i was slightly disappointed about was when i realized that the soles are n't replaceable like a lot of their pairs are . Even then they will clearly last a long time and by the time they are done -LRB- hopefully a year or two down the road -RRB- i will be ready to just order a new pair .
 These were purchased as a gift and had to be returned and exchanged for a different size/style . The return was super easy and the replacement product received quickly . Would definitely by from this seller again !
 I bought these for my son in law for Christmas , , , they fit perfectly and he loved them . Great quality and we received them within a few days . Great experience .
 I got a pair for a birthday present from my wife . I have never been a slipper guy but soon after my birthday I was in the hospital . They were used a lot and I was sold . Very comfortable , sized right and looked to be very well made . My brother got this pair for Christmas as a result of my satisfaction . He is also very happy with them .
 I 'm late coming to the Uggs party , but I 'm a loyal customer now . I presently have three pair of Uggs . They 're fantastic , especially if you 're looking for comfortable , stylish footwear that 's consistent with the minimal/barefoot philosophy that says you need to wear shoes that let your feet do their own work.Fabulous quality . And if you 've never had your bare feet wrapped in shearling , you 're missing out.I agree with those who say that the men 's Uggs tend to run small in the slippers and large in the boots . Keep that in mind if you 're a half-sizer like me trying to get a proper fit in a shoe that does n't come in half-sizes . -LRB- I 'm normally an 11.5 , but wear a 12 in Uggs slippers and an 11 in Uggs boots . -RRB-
 My wife bought these 3 years ago and I ca n't remember how many times I got to the store and relized I stilled had them on.One time I headed out the door to work!Great product.I wear them year round.Only problem is they do n't hold up to a 150 pound Great Dane thats teething!Highly recommend .
 The shoes are well made but I was disappointed that they were made in Vietnam and not Asutralia they run a bit small .
 After reading all the reviews I bought a pair ... I 've had many others over the years but these are as good as they can possibly be . They look more like loafers than slippers . The sheepskin lining is only about half as thick as another pair from Overland Sheepskin , but I 'm glad because the Overland 's are too hot to wear outside of winter . I do n't wear them away from home however because they 're just a bit too casual looking . . but will buy these again and again !
 There are none better , these provide comfort and they are durable . Simply the best , period !
 These slippers look great and feel even better . I wear them all the time and home and often forget I have them on and I have been known to go tyo the store in them !
 I was unsure if I wanted to spend the money but it was well worth it . I get cold feet easily and these slippers keep my feet toasty warm . They can be worn with or without socks and still stay just as warm . They are extremely comfortable as well !
 My husband 's second pair of UGGs . They are a bit expensive but worth the price . The sole allows a quick trip outside if it 's not too wet .
 I got these loafers for my boyfriend who is really intolerant of the cold . I 've always loved uggs myself so I knew how warm they could be , but I wanted something masculine for him . These were classy and classic , super soft on the outside and very snuggly on the inside , without looking like they were girly . I got them in burnt olive and we both love the color of it . My only issue was that the shoes did n't fit him quite right , this is expected to some degree because there are no half sizes but for some reason , one shoe was slightly big on him and the other was slightly tight . I do n't think there 's a significant difference in the size ol his feet because he 's never had this much of an issue before with other shoes . But he is flat footed so maybe his feet are just weird ! Either way he loves them and so do I !
 These are so comfortable that this is my second pair bought through Amazon ? One for home , one for vacation home .
 I got these for my husband for Valentine 's Day , and he loved them right away . Eight months of heavy use later , he still loves them and they 've held up great . I 'm not surprised - I 've had a pair of UGG boots for several years that have held up really well . I 'll admit that these cost quite a bit and I really questioned the wisdom of spending this much on slippers , but sometimes you get what you pay for .
 I have told my wife is want to wear these as my daily shoes . If I could make my gym shoes feel this good , I would be one happy dude . If you find they fit snuggly at first , wear them with socks and the software furry padding inside will tamp down for you a bit . These slippers are perfect in every way , period !
 Soft , warm , and comfortable ! They also look great !!!! Definitely order a size up if you typically wear a half size . Amazon prime is awesome !!
 i never owned a pair of ugg 's til i purchased these a few days ago . once i saw them i went and bought them . i must say , these are the most comfortable slipper i ever felt . love the soft feel of the fur inside . worth the price and i wear a size 9 and bought a size 9 and fits perfect ! .
 These are positively , absolutely , without a doubt the most luxuriously comfortable shoes I have ever had on my feet . They keep my feet warm , but not too warm . They are nice looking , very well made shoes . Soft , fragrant leather uppers , and the sheepskin lining is a little slice of heaven . I actually look forward to putting these on as soon as I get home . This is a high quality item that I expect to have for years to come . My feet are totally spoiled .
 My husband did n't think he needed expensive slippers , but now I can hardly get him out of them . He would literally wear them to church , restaurants etc. . . if I dind ' t reign him in . It was a splurge , but I got for him for Valentines day . He loves it . The ONLY issue is , they are very warm . When it hit 60 degrees , he had to put them away until the fall.Color and finish are as picture describes .
 Good durable slipper . Made well and looks nice . Last pair lasted several years .1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1
 These moccasins are probably one of the best purchases I ever made from Amazon . They fit true to size and they are great to wear around my apartment or to run some errands . I had other moccasins that did n't have the rubber padding on the bottom and I think that the rubber padding makes a difference because you can wear them anywhere , not just when you 're inside . The inside of the moccasins are very comfortable and soft . They are a little expensive for slippers but they are worth the money !
 I bought these slippers as a gift for my boyfriend and he loves them ! They work great as house shoes but can also be worn out of the house since they have rubber soles on the bottom . The leather looks exactly as it does in the picture .
 These are hands down the best slippers that I have ever owned . Totally worth the extra money . Not only are they made with thick quality leather , they have a rubber sole and unbelievable support . They will also keep your feet warm and most importantly DRY . You will be amazed when you slip into a pair of these .
 Fit is good , quality and comfort are excellent , I anticipate the durability will be very good . Shipper delivered as promised .
 Great House shoes ! Most comfortable ! They run a little small , but they break in and stretch a little bit.I never thought that I would like having UGG 's as I always thought that they 'd be too hot , but they have turned out great !
 I spent half the price on a couple of pairs of slippers which were just not comfortable after a short while.But this pair -LRB- black ascot Ugg -RRB- stays on my feet wherever I go in and around the house.I love these slippers!The delivery was prompt .
 According to my husband they are well made , comfortable to wear and perfect for winter evenings . He loves their comfort , especially after a long day . I 'm glad I made the purchase , the service and quality were excellent .
 I 've had these slippers long enough to just wear them in and I love them . They are the most comfortable slippers I have ever owned and worth the money . Well constructed and I expect them to last a long , long time .
 I gave these slippers to my husband for Christmas ; he wanted to replace his moccasin style slippers . He loves the color -LRB- china tea -RRB- , they fit perfectly , are very toasty , and the rubber sole is just right for indoor and outdoor wear . In a year , I 'll just replace the liner ! Thanks again to UGG for this durable quality product .
 This was a gift for my 76 year old father . He said `` they are the best slippers he has ever had ! '' He loves the way they fit and are so warm he does not need wear socks or bend down to put them on . I was worried about the size , D/T some women 's Uggs we have ordered needed to go down a size but so far the fit is true to size . He is very happy ! The delivery was fast and earlier than the date provided , I would order from them again.THX !
 Great product . I loved it but it was a gift and I had to return it ... the return was very easy . Would buy again !!!
 When my feet need a cozy little massage i always put on my uggs !! They always keep my feet warm and i can go outside with them !!!
 The last order was for a birthday gift . The price was less than the local shops and it was delivered next day and well worth the 3.99 charge ! I hate malls . This slippers looks good enough to be worn anywhere and my family wears Uggs everywhere !
 Now , he is n't an UGG kinda guy , but he loves these things . I bought a size 16 , true to size .
 I purchased these as a gift , not for me , but they are really nice looking . I expect with the UGG name , they will hold up for many years !
 So heavenly comfortable you never want to take them off ; so stylish you can get away with wearing them to the office -LRB- well , a somewhat casual office ! -RRB- .
 We received these the next day -LRB- paid a little extra -RRB- but my husband loves them . The slippers are warm , comfortable and very well made . I was so jealous that he loved his slippers so much that I purchased a pair for me .
 My mocs arrived within 36 hours , and that was with the free shipping . They were a tad snug at first , but stretched to fit quickly . Like the title says ; they 're like foot sex ! I love them
 Very well constructed and very comfortable . I wear a 1/2 size in shoe and decided to go to the larger size as opposed to the smaller size and they fit perfectly . Definitely recommend this product from this shipper .
 I had no idea these were made in China . They give the impression they were made in Australia . Truthfully , they are so amazing , I do n't care . Comfortable as all heck . Great to wear barefoot . Everything should be made of sheepskin . Five Stars if Made in Australia . Who really cares , right ?
 I wear these slippers every morning before I get in my private helicopter . I like to start each day with a cup of fresh brewed coffee brought to me by my midget butler . Once I have finished said cup of latte , I have my robot dog -LRB- who happens to have my great uncle Henry 's brain -RRB- fetch my Ugg House Slippers . I never put my Ugg House Slippers directly on my feet before giving them a Diamond Scrub . A Diamond Scrub is made from only the finest minerals smuggled via buttocks out of Africa and they keep my feet feeling refreshed . Once the scrub has been completed , I will put on a brand new pair of cashmere socks -LRB- I never wear the same pair twice duh -RRB- and have my red carpet rolled to the bathroom . Before entering , I have my Ugg House Slippers removed and placed in a vault for 20-30 minutes while I use the Louvre . Finally , after my midget butler cleans me thoroughly , I have another Diamond Scrub and put my Ugg Slippers back on . I then walk to my closet and put on my daily shoes before strolling down to my helicopter landing pad.I highly recommend wearing these Ugg House Slippers while you complete your own morning rituals.Hope this review helps !
 these slippers are great , well worth the money , they run a bit small so you may want to go one size bigger .
 We bought these slippers for my father in law and had to recently purchase a replacement pair for him as he loves them so much . He puts them on when he returns home each day , wears them outside , in the garage , etc. . They have held up very well under heavy use for 3 years . They are just starting to wear out , causing us to realize a new pair is in order , but they are n't really falling apart . He continues to wear them - and I know he would continue to wear them until they actually disintegrated on his feet if we did n't get him a new pair . He says they are amazingly comfortable - and clearly they are durable . A well made product !
 These slippers do n't leave my feet once I get home . It do the old Mr Rogers shoe flip , and these babies are keeping my feet nice and cozy . They are durable enough walk out to the car -LRB- although i would go much further than that -RRB- and are definitely durable . I typically wear a size 10.5 but ordered a 12 , and it fit perfect . All the fluff inside decreases the room for your feet .
 Ordered a full size bigger than what I wear and it 's still very tight.And they 're Australian slippers but made in China .
 I literally wear my uggs everywhere all year long . I live in Arkansas and I wear them almost everyday . I only avoid wearing them when it is going to be very wet . Even then , I sometimes forget and wear them anyway . I have had them for 10 months . Whenever , if ever , they wear out , I will buy/demand another pair .
 bought these for my husband he loves them but beware i bought a us10 usually a us9 and shoes are a tight fit .
 I am so glad I read the reviews that said they run a little small . These were a Christmas gift for my husband and I ordered a size above what he typically wears and they fit great !
 Arrived in timely manner , was packaged discreetly , and in brand-new condition , as promised . Since this was a gift I was worried UGG would be placed on the outside box and it was not .
 Well , my wife wanted these most of all I must say ... She loves them . I 'm sure they 'll stand the test of time and will keep her feet nice and warm -LRB- and out of my house shoes -RRB- .
 I purchased these for my husband who is not a person who wears slippers . Once he put them on his feet he instantly fell in love ! He has Ugg boots and can not get past the fact that you &#34; do n't &#34; have to wear socks with them . The Ascots my change his mind ... LOL
 My son wears a size 17 shoes . The fact that Ugg even makes a size 17 is awesome . When my son put these shoes on , he understood what all the fuss has been about for years with the girls . His toes had never been happier , squishier , or roomier .
 It 's uggalicios ... These slippers are warm and ultra comfortable and now I see why they are as expensive as they are ... Definitely with it .
 Im on my 2nd pair . Love the comfort . Buy extra UGG replacement insoles.Cost $ 15 , worth having since they wear out in 6 months or less .
 I 've had mine for 4 years and Im still going strong . Constant use , going to the grocery store , around the house , working in the garage . I 've even worn them to a pajamas party and danced in them . They are great ! Worth the money , when I consider that I used to buy a new pair every year for around 40 bucks
 christmas gift for husband . His feet are always cold . Comfortable , warm and cozy . Would definitely recommend . Daughter picked these out .
 Best slipper I have found to date . As other reviewers have advised , order one size larger that you normally wear . I am a 6.5 and I ordered an 8 ... . the fit is PERFECT . Highly recommended !
 After switching to work from home , I was going through a pair of cheap slippers every 2-3 months . Decided to splurge on these and what a difference , its a super comfy slipper with quality/durability of a good street shoe . Worth every penny . FYI , my feet overheated in the patent leather style in the store , so I went with the suede and it breathes beautifully , no overheating or sweating problems .
 This is my second pair of UGG slippers , my wife bought the first pair which I wore until the lower sole completely wore out -LRB- over two years -RRB- . I decided to go with the smooth leather this time.I washed my old pair and put in new inner soles and now have a back up pair , although they have lost the warmth of the shearling wool . These slippers are in a league of their own . Highly recommended .
 I ordered these slippers for my husband for Christmas . He absolutely loves his new UGG slippers !!! He said that they are the most warm and comfy pair of slippers he has ever owned ! He loves the soles , as he can go outdoors with them on .
 Ordered these for my husband for Christmas . Do n't think he has taken them off since . The fit was accurate to his size -LRB- 14 -RRB- , and comfort great . I especially like the sturdy sole as he likes to wear his slippers out on our patio or out to get the mail and the concrete has been rough on other slippers he has previously worn . Both he and I are pleased with the slippers and the delivery was as promised .
 I ordered these slippers rather quickly after browsing for `` best reviewed slippers '' . They got great reviews , but were kind of pricey . But I decided to go for it . I 'm very glad I did . They are well crafted , comfortable and fit great . They are true to size ! They are snug without being tight . They do n't slip off when walking and I can wear them outside to go to the car or take out the trash without worry . They are well worth the price . I am very happy .
 Great purchase !! Fast delivery !! Item just as it was described . I was thoroughly happy with the transaction . Highly recommended . Thanks !
 I bought these for my son in law for Christmas . He is very difficult to buy for but when I saw these , I thought I might have a winner . Well , he put them on Christmas Day and he has worn them every day since . I think I hit the gift jackpot !
 I bought these slippers for my boyfriend as a birthday gift . It 's been 2 weeks and he does n't take them off ! They are incredibly comfortable , warm , and fashionable . We would definitely recommend these !
 Just as pictured ! This is my husband 's second pair and he loves them . I got him the darker pair this time and they are pretty dark but wo n't show dirt or grease as much .
 These were purchased as a gift for my husband and he loves them ! They look great on and can even be worn out of the house , if necessary . They keep his feet warm and are very comfortable .
 I bought these for my son for Xmas . He loves them and we sprayed them to waterproof them and he wears them all the time . So far So Good .
 I bought these for my spouse for xmas this year . We are keeping the house colder to reduce heating costs ... this was just the ticket for keeping toes warm and snuggly ! I was thrilled with the price , the quality of the produce , and the speed of delivery ; my spouse was thrilled with the comfort , the fit , and the warmth !! Thanks !
 I bought these for my husband for Christmas , and he ca n't take them offthey are so comfortable ! I also was giving some UGG slippers for Christmas and theyare great . I thought the UGGs would make my feet sweat , but they do n't . Love Love them !
 Bought these for my husband for Christmas , he feel in love with them . Said they were the most comfortable slippers he has ever owned and would love to be able to wear them all day , all the time .
 I bought these for my boyfriend as a gift and he loved them immediately ! He 's been wearing them nonstop and when I get the chance , I wear them around the house too ... though they 're a little too big for me :--RRB- So wonderful , comfortable , and warm . I highly recommend !
 Perfect . . wear them around the house , wear them out , wear them all the time and buy a pair asap !!! They get hot in the summer but Fall , Winter and Spring are great !!!
 The slippers came promptly and packaged very nicely . They were too small and I had to return them .
 I got these for my husband and he loves them ! He had the Ascot Uggs in the coffee suede , but he wears them as shoes -LRB- not slippers -RRB- and the leather ones are better for that .
 loved the slippers ... . he did n't want to take them offarrived quickly and in great shape
 These are comfy and sturdy!Consider going up a size as the furry insidesmakes them a little tight if they are worn with socks .
 ShoesCentral is one of the most trustworthy companies I have ever dealt with . Their customer service and integrity is second to none .
 Read a lot of reviews that the slippers were too tight I wear a size 12 and mine were tight when I got them as a gift I was too lazy to return them and after about 7 days they molded to my feet
 Nothing better for comfort and warmth . Just enough tread for occasional outdoor use . Good quality . Built to last . This is my second pair .
 I bought this slippers for my son and He just loved it ! He wants to wear it all the time!good buy !
 My husband loves these slippers . I ordered them one size up as he likes to wear socks with his slippers , he feels this protects the lining . By doing this they are a perfect fit . He likes the non-slip sole as well as the warmth of the slipper . Good choice on my part -LRB- both husband and slippers -RRB- and very comfortable wearing on his part . Would definitely buy again . They shipped fast and packaging was in good shape upon their arrival . They have made for a great Christmas gift .
 Bought these UGG 's as a gift for my boyfriend last year and he loves them . They have worn in really well and look great . He is always saying how comfortable they are . Totally worth the money !
 I ordered a size 11 for my boyfriend and I checked all his other shoes to make sure this was the correct size , they turned out being too small . But you have to wear uggs for awhile to get the fur to go down . When you first buy uggs they are tight because the fur is thick , after a few wears the fur will relax and the shoe will be less tight !
 We love our uggs . These are the most comfortable slippers that either of us have ever had . I have the female version , and we both are very happy with our uggs .
 My fiance wo n't take these things off ! He loves them so much . He 'd wear them to bed if I let him !!!
 Comfy summer and winter and they last forever . Wear inside or out easy , easy to clean and look like shoes if you run to the corner store !
 I love all my Uggs , but the Ascots are NOT slip-ons , even after they are broken in . This is somewhat of a disappointment .
 Husband loves them ! Best present EVER!Quick return on the size and he where 's them every evening and it great for taking out the trash !
 I Love them , sometimes I forget to take them off and have been seen at the mall with them !
 It was a good purchasing experience , nice shoes , soft , warm and comfortable , but a little bit smaller than expected before
 Great slippers I would Recommend to anyone very comfortable unbelievable perfect for the price I would never own another brand
 I purchased these slippers as a gift for my husband . He wears a 10 1/2 so I ordered size 11 . He has a narrow foot , I was concerned they may be too big but they actually fit perfectly . I had seen lots of reviews on issues w sizing but going up 1/2 size even w a narrow foot worked out fine . Nice , thick solid slipper , well-made . My only complaint is the sole leaves minor scuff marks on my hardwood flooring .
 These are top quality slippers with a price to match . If you can afford them , your feet will thank you . They will last a long time so they might be a good value in the long run .
 I have had some Shearling slippers that where great in the past , but recently have had a pretty tough time finding anything I really liked.The minute I put these slippers on they fit like a glove . They are warm and have a great sole . The sole of too many of the slippers I 've owned in the past have been lacking , but these feel like they are supporting my feet well , and the tread looks like they would do well in the winter when I have to run out to get the mail . In fact I would feel comfortable wearing these out . They look great and not at all like your generic house slippers.I would recommend these to anyone , and will probably buy another pair when these wear out .
 I wear these around the house summer and winter . They 're never too hot or too cold.In fact , they 're so comfortable that I forget that I 'm wearing them . Several times I 've been shopping for groceries and found them still on my feet.Highly recommended .
 If you 're looking for comfort and warmth in a slipper , look no further . This is what you want . Do yourself and your feet a favor and buy a pair .
 I bought a pair of these in Tea a few years and as long as they keep making them with the same quality and materials I 'll be buying them in the future . In fact just bought another pair and am waiting for them to arrive , but just to let you know if I had n't beat them to shreds wearing them indoors and outdoors , even going out in my 4X4 and walking on day trails with them , as well as wearing them in the rain and snow . Honestly they would have lasted a few years longer if I had n't abused them but ... In my opinion three years of abuse of that kind pays for itself with any shoe , but the comfort is unbeatable on top of it , so these are a great buy for my money.I have other slippers I bought in the same price range bought at about the same time as I purchased these -LRB- trying to find something that was as practical for comfort casual everyday wear -RRB- and the others have either become a fixture in the closet or have been discarded.Easily the best slippers I 've ever owned .
 These are great slippers . Very comfortable and warm but not too warm in the house.The only thing to really be careful of is that they are REALLY SLIPPERY on ice.I would often leave them on as I went out to the driveway to get the mail or drive the kids to school . If there is any ice on the walkway , these are absolutely treacherous .
 These are the best slippers ever , my honey loves them . Comfortable , durable and price was not too bad , worth the purchase . I would surely buy them again !!
 This is the third winter with my UGG . I 've been wearing it only inside our home . It 's really comfortable and warm and everything , as other reviewers already wrote.It 's also nice to know that , if the sheepskin insole wears out , I can buy a genuine replacement from UGG.Apparently UGG thinks of its own products as something that should last some time , not some throw-away-in-a-year-or-two type stuff . That means something to me .
 UGG brand products are well known & respected for their warm , comfortable , & well made footwear . The men 's Ascot slippers are extremely comfortable & warm . I purchased the Ascot slippers about two months ago & I am very satisfied . The black leather slippers features durable , yet supple black leather exterior heavily stitched , super soft & comfy UGG sheepskin lining , & rubber soles . The slippers are great around the house & would function equally well out and about running errands.Here 's the highlights : - Classy Looking - Comfortable - Warm - Durable Construction - Flexible Rubber Soles forThings to consider : Others reviews recommended to purchase next size up as actually size may be snug . I purchased next size up & I a glad I did . Keep in mind that UGG 's are not available in half sizes . Therefore , if you normally wear size 8.5 , purchase size 9 etc. . . Note Worthy : The black leather Ascot slipper is no-longer manufactured by UGG , but the Ascot is available in suede in various colors . Amazon was the only dealer I could find the Ascot in Leather & I am glad I purchased the leather version as it is worth every penny .
 My husband had been having a lot of trouble with his feet hurting . I bought these for him for Christmas and he has loved them . I bought a nine which was too small so I had to send them back and get a 10 . He said he does n't like to walk in the house without them now and his feet have not been hurting , YAY !
 I purchased these slippers fo my son in law who is deployed in Afghanistan . It is very cold where he is located so these slippers work out very well for him . Thank you .
 I bought these slippers for my boyfriend and he LOVES them ! He has mentioned them everyday . He puts them on first thing when he gets home and he comments on how nice it is to have a great pair of slippers when he gets home from work . Honestly , they are MORE than worth the money !
 This is my second pair of UGG footwear . The original pair of tall boots for the winter are on their 10th year . They 've held up . The Slippers are something I always wanted , but was afraid it would cause my feet to overheat and sweat . After 3 weeks of constant use -LRB- I 've even considered wearing them as a shoe to work -RRB- they have been great . I used to wear socks all the time in the house since I like to put my feet up on the ottoman and lay down on the couch , but with just socks I also had a pair of slip on shoes . This is the best of both worlds .
 These are really comfortable slippers . They keep my feet warm , but not too warm . Somehow these slippers manage to strike just the right balance . As if that were not enough , these little guys are downright stylish.Highly recommended . RJB .
 It 's hard to image a more comfortable slipper/shoe to be available . I ca n't wait for colder weather to come so that I can begin wearing them again . The fit is great both in length and width .
 since buying these slippers for my son he wears them and tells me that they are so so comfortable . The color is transparent to dirt so if you have a high schooler like I do and are looking for a pair of slippers these are for `` You '' !
 This a great shoe . I originally bought it for a house-shoe , but after wearing them around the house some I wanted to wear them all the time . The sole is sturdy enough for outside wear . I would recommend this shoe to anyone .
 This is one of the nicest slippers I have used . The fur does not get crushed . It fits very well . It is comfortable and keeps my feet warm but not too hot . I have gone through multiple different slippers , including memory foam type from Tempurpedic which were comfy but kept slipping off my feet , and others which were not comfortable.My only complaint is that they could have a little bit of a formed arch . I have a bit of plantar fasciitis and need the support , but despite the lack of an arch , they still do not cause me any problems .
 Very comfortable , as described , high quality , warm , excellent for winter , bought one for my brother then my mother asked me to order it for her . She did not care that it listed for men .
 You can certainly buy slippers for less but you can not get a better value . Great fit and comfort . I look forward to putting them on . Great for sitting around the house and with UGG rubber sole , great if you need to step outside . Lives up to UGG reputation for quality and value .
 Gave these to my husband as a gift . I was worried about the sizing after reading all the reviews . He typically wears a 9.5-10 shoe so I bought 11 . They are snug . He says they are super comfortable , very warm and fit like a glove . Loves them
 These are super comfortable -LRB- according to hubby who has foot problems due to diabetes -RRB- . He has several pair and wears them without socks . So they must really be well made . It takes him about a year to wear out a pair . They are well worth the money .
 These are amazingly beautiful and soft on the exterior and interior . After 2 or 3 nights of wearing for an hour or two hours , the interior deteriorates . That sucks BUT the exterior still looks great . The maintenance kit for the exterior is great , sold by UGG . I recommend that for maintaining and sealing the suede . For sizing , I recommend getting one size UP rather than their sizing chart as one size down , for 1/2 sizes of course . So , I wear a size 10.5 and friend wears size 9.5 , I purchased 9 , 10 , 11 and returned the 10 as it does not mold to your feet , when you go a 1/2 size down , the bottom rubber does not cover the sole completely so you end up walking around on suede , on the sides and especially on the toes , this ruins the shoe . As for the quality , these are the best . As for interior , There must be something that we can do to bring the wool back into shape.Also , tip for the Ascot Slipper , when you are not enjoying them on your feet , place them in a cedar shoe-tree to keep the moisture out of the inside of the shoe , plus , the cedar shoe tree absorbs any odors.I 'll purchase these again , as well as any Men 's UGG design in the future.Cheers !
 My husband who has never worn slippers , loves these . They are soft and warm . He wears them all the time . So I know he loves them . ! Be sure to order a whole size larger than you normally would . My husband wears a size 10 and I bought him an 11 and they fit perfectly .
 Shoes look great and are very comfortable , we had to buy one size up and they fit just great.I would recommend this product .
 Quality is great and we anticipate that they will last for years . The slippers fit as expected . They were shipped quickly and received within days . Very satisfied .
 Great shoe !! Very high quality , soft , and very comfortable . Great for wearing around the house , and with the durable rubber sole , you can even wear it out .
 so soft and durable , my husband loves these ! I had to exchange the 11 for a 10 , but they are great . recommend
 My son wanted these for Christmas and loves them ! He hasnt taken them off since he opened the box on Christmas .
 The product came in excellent condition and in a timely fashion . As I had purchased this slipper elsewhere prior to this , I knew exactly what I should be expecting . I was very satisfied with the perchace , the product , and the seller . Thank you .
 Extremely comfortable & well worth the money . As always a very smooth transaction from Amazon & their vendor . True to size . I would recommend buying the suede & sheepskin water repellant .
 Fantastic product . The slippers are very light and comfortable . They definitely keep my feet warm even when I take the dog out for a short walk in the Chicago winter .
 I can never get my husband to wear slippers , but he loves these slippers . I was worried they would be too warm for our warm climate , but they are great . They are very nice looking , upscale slippers . They can be worn to get the paper too . Very pleased .
 I ordered these slippers as a gift , but the wrong size , I got my refund and the new size went out so quickly . It was a pleasure
 Got this product for my boyfriend and he loves them . The shipment came timely and the product was exactly what I wanted .
 Great slipper , good quality . Purchased as a gift . Purchased a size up -LRB- no half sizes -RRB- to a 12 , but fit was a little narrow across the toe . They do stretch some with wear .
 I bought these for my husband as a Christmas and they were a hit ! I have quite a few Uggs and if they are in the sheepskin style then I go down a size but if they are leather I order my actual show size . I followed this rule with this purchase for my husband and it was right on . Definitely an expensive slipper but they are gorgeous and keep your feet super warm and are great to wear outside to get the paper/walk the dog etc. . They will last forever and remain stylish . Go for it , you wo n't be disappointed !
 Perfect and can not wait to give them to my son for Christmas ... They came just as ordered . . It is such a wonderful andpleasurable experience when a company gives you a great product and great service.I will definitely purchase another pairagain , , , hank You
 I have had a pair of Uggs for about 4 years , and it was time to replace them , so I took a chance and ordered a pair of Acorns . They looked nice , but the fit was all wrong -LRB- they were a tad too small , and yet my feet would step out of the shoe entirely each time I took a step -RRB- . I returned them and went with another pair of Uggs , because I knew I could count on a perfect fit . They did not disappoint . These are more expensive than many competitors , but you are guaranteed great quality for your money .
 This is present for my husband , He is very very satisfied!I love it , too ~ & warmest shoes ever seen
 These are great slippers . WARM and comfortable . My cold feet are a thing of the past . I bought my wife a pair last year and she loves hers as well .
 I was hesitant to spend this much money on a pair of slippers but I am glad I did . I wear them around the house all the time , with socks and without . The fit is perfect and my feet do not sweat at all . I forget that I have them on at times and leave the house to run short errands , but they are good enough to run to the store and back without changing . Great product , I hope to have them for several years .
 I bought these for my husband last year and they are the gold standard of slippers - comfy , form fitting over time , and nice looking . They do run small , so its important to order a size up . I bought this pair for my father for Christmas and I ca n't wait until he tries them .
 These are very comfortable , however , they do run small . My husband wears an 11 and had to order a 13 to fit
 Comfortable and Warm !! Slippers are enjoyable to wear even during &#34; break-in &#34; time . Great job producing something that not only feels good but looks great too !
 My husband loves these slippers , just about lives in the.Good fit , good warmth , good quality and great value.Will be back for more in the future
 This is a great slipper for lounging or heading out for a casual evening . Soft , comfortable and warm . I wear a 14 on many brands , but the UGG 14 was a little small on me . Other than that it would 've been a five star review .
 I was drawn to the quality and look of this slipper . I was not disappointed . They are the most comfortable and warmest slipper I have ever worn . Very well made , exactly what you would expect from a company like Ugg 's . The only complaint is Ugg 's says you can wear them outside . Wrong ! I walked my dog to the corner and back and the front of the slippers got scuffed . The rubber on the bottom does not cover enough of the front of the slippers to prevent them from scraping the ground . So I will enjoy them - inside the house only ! -LRB- Written by my husband . It was his Christmas gift -RRB-
 My husband wears a 13W or 14 , really hard to find sizes so I was really excited to be able to get him size 14 slippers . The slippers are gorgeous , however they are too small and we have to return them . :--LRB- We have never had this issue when we find a 14 so it was really disappointing . The slippers were gorgeous , just too small .
 Fantastic slipper , true to sizing can be worn outside for light duty use . Very well made and look great , used to wear acorn slippers these are far better .
 Got these as a birthday gift from my wife and I got ta say , they are fantastic . I wake up every morning and slip my feet into them . They are very comfortable and warm . Quality of the build is good enough for me , I like the color , overall a great gift for all those ladies out there wondering what to get your special guy who has everything . Any gift that a guy will use everyday is a win if you ask me , and if you get someone these , they will get used everyday .
 Nice and warm . They do feel like they run a little small but I 'm sure in time they will stretch out . .
 I 've been only wearing these slippers three days but they cradle my feet in warmth and appear to be quite durable . I also like the non-slip soles .
 I got these slippers for my boyfriend , he loves them ! Very well made and SO soft and comfortable ! They seem to run true to size . My boyfriend thought they might be a little tight at first , but after a week or so of wear they are fitting perfectly ! Excellent gift for anyone who deserves to be spoiled : -RRB-
 Great slippers hunted high and low for these for a xmas pressie and I 've now got them so I 'm well chuffed , these are great UGGS , really warm , expensive but the best quality honestly .
 I bought these for my husband for his birthday and he now has very `` happy feet . '' He is a picky kind of guy when it comes to what he puts on his feet and he just ca n't say enough about these UGG slippers . They are also quite attractive and one could even wear them outside the house if needed . While a tad expensive , they are clearly worth it and I look forward to many years of him having happy feet .
 I bought these for my Fiance for christmas 2 years ago . I was n't sure if he would wear them or not - but he tried on my regular Uggs , as a joke , and was very surprised how comfy and soft they were . So I figured I 'd give it a shot , at least it would make a funny joke if he never wore them . I got them for him in the black leather - and they look like regular loafers . He put them on , and was amazed at how awesome they felt on his feet . He said I was right - they are some of the most comfortable shoes he has ever owned . He wore them EVERYWHERE . Since they have the hard rubber sole , he is n't limited to wearing them around the house . He told me this is the best christmas gift he has ever gotten , and that he has gotten the most use out of them . He wore them all the time , not just in the winter . He wore them until our puppy ended up eating out the sole -LRB- not sure how that one happened -RRB- . So I wish Ugg made the soles replaceable in this model . Then the puppy ended up actually eating the top of the shoe . So I ended up having to get him a new pair this past christmas - and once again he 's been using them all the time he loves them . And another bonus , he does n't make fun of me for wearing Uggs anymore , he understands that you ca n't compete with the comfort and softness !
 First , this review is for 3 Altama boots - The Desert 9 '' Mil Spec -LRB- Panama Sole -RRB- , The Black Jungle 9 '' Mil Spec -LRB- Panama Sole -RRB- and the All Leather Combat 10 '' -LRB- Lug Sole -RRB- I 'm new to Altama and after the first pair -LRB- 3 months ago -RRB- I now own 3 . Sizing
 I got these for rainy season use in areas with clay soil -- the Panama sole does n`t pick up the mud like regular soles . The boot does n`t have quite the support of the desert boots , and the Panama sole does n`t have quite the `` bite `` , but in the mud it ` s a good tradeoff.Sizing is the same as it was 40 years ago-1 / 2 size less than my jogging shoe size .
 Altama makes some of the great looking army boots in the world at very reasonable prices . They 're durable and heavy . I know this because I wore the Mil Spec for 4 years.They also have a very professional customer service.I would definitely recommend Altama but beware if you have wide feet , you might want to try a different brand as Altama does n't REALLY offer a wide size .
 There is nothing but good things to say about these boots . Over the last twelve years I 've owned six different pairs -LRB- four desert and two black -RRB- , and they 've all been exceptional : + Durable . The first and only thing to ever wear out on these is the sole . You ca n't really fault Altama when you wear through the bottoms . Some people even resole them when that happens , and get another life out of them , but I usually just start fresh . The one time I did resole them , I eventually got some cracking in the leather around the forefoot long into the second life of the boots . + Comfortable . Right out of the box , these boots are really comfortable . The most comfortable combat boots that there are for warm weather . For running or for really long foot marches , you can put in a `` aftermarket '' insole , either to replace the one that comes from Altama or on top of it . Even without changing the insole , they are really comfortable . + Lightweight . These are well-made , heavy-duty , boots , but they are also the lightest MILSPEC combat boots that you will find . I think the reason , is that so much of them is fabric , instead of leather , but either way , on long movements , your legs will thank you for the ounces that these boots shave off compared to most combat boots . + Tread pattern . The tread is pretty basic on these boots , but it does the job . Some boots with aggressive looking soles end up getting clumped full of mud . When that happens , those boots weigh a ton . You are much better off with the less attractive , but just as functional Altama pattern . + Made in USA . Every pair of these that I 've gotten has been made in America . + Look . These boots always look good . The black ones hold a shine very well , and the desert ones do n't require any maintenance at all . Either way you go , they are a great looking boot with a lot of character.I highly recommend that you consider these boots .
 The only reason this is a four star review is because the sizing chart is n't correct . I would do a size smaller than your gym shoe.The canvas tops are very tough , the sole is very hardy . Over all they are great boots .
 These boots are amazing . I got them because I am 4 ' 11 '' and I needed good boots to ride my motorscooter . I have only had them for a little bit , but I think they 'll last as long as you do n't treat them like hiking boots . I 'm glad I did n't get them from here though , they were on sale at Macy 's -LRB- in San Francisco -RRB- . Hope this was useful .
 These boots are amazing . I got them because I am 4 ' 11 '' and I needed good boots to ride my motorscooter . I have only had them for a little bit , but I think they 'll last as long as you do n't treat them like hiking boots . I 'm glad I did n't get them from here though , they were on sale at Macy 's -LRB- in San Francisco -RRB- . Hope this was useful .
 These boots are amazing . I got them because I am 4 ' 11 '' and I needed good boots to ride my motorscooter . I have only had them for a little bit , but I think they 'll last as long as you do n't treat them like hiking boots . I 'm glad I did n't get them from here though , they were on sale at Macy 's -LRB- in San Francisco -RRB- . Hope this was useful .
 I love this shoe . It 's dressy , but casual enough for every day summer wear , and it 's comfortable for walking around every day . I bought one years ago at a retail store , then when they started breaking down I tried to find another shoe that fit the casual-dressy-comfortable category and could n't find anything else that came close . I found these here , and ordered the same ones I had before , and am very happy about it . Just wish they had the other colors in stock for size 6 !
 Very nice shoe it would be great if this style came in more colors . Shoes are comfortable and sturdy , great for walking .
 I ordered the Mimosa sandal in 7E Camel . It is true to size and comfortable . I love the style , looks dressy even as a low heel . The footpad inside is man-made material , but with stockings it is comfortable . Too bad the footpad is n't microfiber or something like that .
 very comfortable shoe . I have worn these for many years & have many colors . Good with casual or dressy . I was so happy I found the black again . For a long time they were n't available .
 This is a perfect sandal for dress or casual . I needed a navy pair to wear when I am working conferences and these are great . They are comfortable and look very neat with dresses or suits .
 This LifeStride shoe is one of the most comfortable shoes I have ever had - I like it so much I have it in three different colors . Even after wearing it all day my feet are feeling great . You ca n't go wrong with this shoe .
 I had a pair of shoes like these that I wore until they nearly fell apart . They were so very comfortable , and worked well with different types of outfits , including shorts and capris . The only problem , -LRB- which other people have mentioned -RRB- , is that they do tend to run narrow , so I would suggest buying them a width wider than you normally do.For a relatively inexpensive shoe , I think that they are a great value.Addendum
 I know these shoes are made of non-leather materials and usually would not even have tried them because of that . But , once on , they are the most moldable , soft , well fitting and supportive sandals I have . I have a complaint about the black rubber sole and stacked heel - the rubber is too soft and the back of the heel mars very easily . Another complaint is that they are so hard to find ! I have several pairs and will keep looking ...
 I purchased shoes from Overstock.com and the shoes were perfect . They arrived on time and the fit was exact . Will certainly order from the manufacturer again .
 I previously owned a pair of these sandals -LRB- over 5 years ago -RRB- which I really liked , but for some reason they no longer fit confortably . I decided to order them in a wide width thinking that might be the problem now that I no longer wear high heels , but more casual , loose fitting shoes . My new sandals fit beautifully . I can wear them all day long in complete comfort . I 'm really glad I gave them a second try because I really like the style and have always thought them to be an attractive shoe too .
 I do not ususally order shoes but I was very pleased with this purchase and Peltz Shoes . The shoes were shipped immediatley and I received them within 3 days . Would purchase from them again . Thanks
 This is my second pair , in as many years . Comfortable , nice hieght and affordable .
 I have these sandals in five different colors . They are incredibly comfortable yet stylish , and can be worn with slacks or skirts for work or play . Although they are not leather , they look and feel just like it . Great for fashion-minded vegans or those looking for a comfortable , inexpensive sandal .
 Very comfortable and cute shoe . I wear a 9 AA and rarely find great colored shoes in my size . I bought these in aqua and am very happy with the fit and the look .
 I bought four pair of these in different colors . They are the SOFTEST shoes - they just hug your feet and feel like you 've slipped a soft little glove over your tootsies ! ;--RRB- I have long , narrow feet so being able to get them in my size was a plus as well . I am absolutely delighted with them .
 Very cute flat shoe . If your feet tend to swell however I would order a wide width . Other than that the shoe looks great with jeans or capri pants !
 I love these Life Stride Sandals . Can be worn when dressed up or casual . Very comfortable . Planning on purchasing more in several colors .
 I love these shoes and have them in blue , white and black . I find them very comfortable to walk in which I appreciate since I usually need orthodic inserts . fit true to size .
 I love these sandals and am unhappy that they are discontinued . If there are any out there in size 8 give me an email !
 I bought these shoes to wear to a wedding ... they were so comfortable I could have danced all night and nearly did !! Thank you !!
 I bought this shoe in mimosa and navy . I need the wide width . The sizing was very true.I am very satisfied with this shoe and highly recommend to anyone needing the wider widths.N.Mayo
 This slipper is comfortable and warm , great for winter days around the house . My wife does n't like us to wear shoes in the house , so these get a lot of wear in the winter.The fur on the inside is wearing out , though , after only a year . But they are still comfortable , and work well .
 This has got to be one of the most popular climbing shoes -LRB- based on my rigorously scientific survey of my gym over the years -RRB- and with good reason . It is reasonably priced and has pretty decent performance . I have heard some complaints about discomfort , but for the years that I used it I always found it very comfortable . I have since moved on to a more advanced shoe -LRB- FiveTen Gambitwhich I have also reviewed -RRB- . While I 'm glad to have moved on , I definitely recognize that this is a great beginner shoe . As I mentioned the price point is great ! The rubber is reasonably sticky and this shoe certainly gets you up the wall . While others found the beefy heel ideal for heel hooks I actually found it to be hard to hook on these shoes . While the ridged heal is a good idea , they made it out of a much harder rubber than the toe ; this makes it much more durable but a lot less sticky . All in all though , for a beginner , you wo n't likely be making many big moves with a heel hook and would use it more for support - it works great for this task!Although I would no longer buy this shoe , the sport and its footwear take some getting used to so I still give it 4 stars as great introductory shoe . Once you get a little better though , you might want to look for something more technical .
 The incredibly popular Flash just got better with their new Science Friction rubber . I have to say it is super sticky . Sure these are n't super high-end Italian made construction . But for the money these shoes are unbeatable.I do n't recommend anyone buy climbing shoes online unless they 've tried the exact model and size before because they are designed to fit tight , and every model fits differently . A specific fit to your particular feet make the difference between good comfort and unbearable pain . This is especially true the higher performance the shoe.The Flash are designed to fit tight with toes full curled . This is good for beginners only if they know they want a higher performance shoe that fits tight with toes fully curled and do n't mind a little less comfort . This shoe has great performance for even advanced climbers who want a no-nonsense all around shoe.Unlike sizing for other climbing shoe companies , these give a good tight fit in regular street shoe size . I wear size 10 street shoes , and these fit tight with my toes curled in size 10 . 9.5 was super tight , 9 was even tighter , and I could barely squeeze in 8.5 with pain . 10.5 was comfortable with toes still not flat . 11 was almost flat , but the volume of the shoe became too large to fit right . Bottom line again is these are n't shoes meant to fit with your toes flat.They are unlined leather so I expect them to stretch a half size to a size . I recommend street shoes size which may be a little uncomfortable at first , but should stretch and mold to your feet as they break in . For more performance half a size down . But again , try on them on and several other brands and models before you buy online .
 Owned these shoes for about 4 months now . Absolutely love them ! normally a 11.5-12 street shoe and ordered these in size 11 . They are great , I would say get them tight since the leather does a great job of molding to your foot . The stick and grip on them is also stellar , I can really smear if I have to . Toe point is prime for support on tiny ledges.Highly recommend , I will buy again when these wear out . Worth every penny - and with a 1 year warranty you ca n't go wrong !
 I only recently began climbing again after a friend invited me . Man I missed climbing , and seeing the kids boulder with ease just made me want to get back into it . I was renting gear from the front desk every time and I had paid enough to buy the shoes so I did ; plus rental equipment slips off holds after thousands of uses by everyone else.I washed my feet and put them into the leather shoes still wet , and then climbed all day . They are formed to my feet after only a few uses and the grip is such an improvement . The straps are easy to work with and half of the time they are loosely strapped as they are tight enough around the foot.The company has an amazing business ethic and acumen and focuses on sustainability and green ideals , which is amazing in times where everyone just wants a profit , although the younger generation realizes quality is what we need and doing business with an ethically sound company makes me feel better when I 'm scaling to new heights ! Rock on !
 The Mad Rock Flash as been my go to comfort shoe for the past 2 years . The new heal design is softer and has `` shock '' gel to reduce heal strike injuries . I love this shoe !
 Been climbing since high school.Worth the price , and they do n't hurt your feet after.hangar 18 let 's me use these shoes to their full potential.I should be getting some promotion for all these damn reviews I do .
 It 's an excellent rock climbing shoe . Very confortable , great performance everywhere.If i have to advice somebody about them , i will surely say that madrcok flash 2.0 are perfect for climbing .
 I recently took up rock climbing . This shoe is perfect and in my opinion , under-priced . I felt the shoe is appropriately sized , and is relatively `` comfortable '' . Your foot will turn orange though after use .
 If you are on a budget these are the ones ! Great quality and feel ! Do not hesitate and buy them !!!
 I recently got hooked on indoor climbing at a Touchstone Gym in CA . I had been about 5 times or so and was tired of the rental shoes , these were perfect for me . I wear about a 13.5-14 size street shoe but decided to go for the 14 with these and they were perfect ! As described by others they are tight at first and then stretch out to fit perfectly . As a beginner these seem great to me but to more experienced climbers , I am sure there are nicer shoes .
 Love the super sticky new rubber . Great all around shoe for beginners and advanced climbers alike . But as the other reviewer said , these are designed to be a very tight fitting shoe and every shoe fits people differently . Street shoe size is a good tight fit with toes fully curled . Not comfortable if you 're not used to it . While I like the idea of vegan friendly shoes , the unlined leather is still unbeatable for comfort because it will stretch and mold to your feet . Plus is n't leather a renewable resource as opposed to synthetics which are usually made from oil ? I expect these to stretch quite a bit and get more comfortable as I wear them .
 Simply a good climbing shoe , comfortable.yes I said comfortable!Nice and sticky.Velcro straps a plus ! GREAT SERVICE ALL AROUND!I would order again if needed .
 For the price , this ca n't be beat . I bought a size half a shoe size smaller than what I normally wear . They took a week or two to break in , stretched out very nicely . My feet are a little squeezed and pointed , which is just what I wanted . They feel great and are holding up well 5 months later . I 've climbed with them indoors and out and they do well no matter what I ask of them . Would buy again .
 For the price , it 's hard to beat the shoe . A great one for beginners . However , do n't expect to get too technical with them . They seemed to fit true to size for me -LRB- 12/13 in most brands to a 13 in this shoe -RRB- , and about as comfortable as climbing shoes can be .
 I have only had these shoes for a month and a half , so I am not sure of their durability . How ever . I thoroughly ejoy these shoes , the sizing was accurate , the rubber is sticky , and they are just flexible enough . I would definitely buy these again . My only.complaint is that the velcro does n't get the Shie as tight as I would like and the shoe becomes uncomfortable after more than about 20 min on your foot .
 Good shoes , I wear size 9 in addida and these i bought a 9.5 . Fit 's pretty true to standard American size . First time i used them they turned my feet orange though .
 As a beginner rock climber I felt that this shoe has been perfect . I would reccommend buying either a half or a full size up though . I had to buy a half size up ; I normally wear a 9 1/2 but with these I needed a 10 . The shoe is not only comfortable , but it does improve ones climbing . The back of the shoe has a series of divets in the heel for optimal grips . I would definately reccommend this product .
 OK ! Now I think I got it right ! Sold to a friend the MR-Flash 7,5 and bought myself a 9,5 , and now comes the true review of it ! : What I can say , very good rock shoes , very sticky rubber , the shape is very good for my kind of foot , the heel fits like a charm , you barelly have empty spaces.Im comparission to MadRock Drift , I can say , the Flash ones are much more thigh and hard , the Drift ones I bought is half size smaller -LRB- 9 -RRB- and still much more confortable and soft than MR Flash.The rubber on the heel is amazing , soft but stick like superbonder on the rock ... the special shape like scales absorb the impact really well.I would suggest this shoe for special routes with very small crimps or intensive heel hook work , I do n't think it is a good idea to use it on long routes as it 's asymmetric shape stress too much the feet.I 'll keep the 04 stars rating because it is pretty good rock shoe but there is still room for improvements . ==== old review below ======= I 've purchased this rock shows in the beg of 2011 taking in consideration the size I use with LA SPORTIVA , but unfortunatelly their matching are completelly different ... for lucky I ended up selling to a friend and taking the money back . so the best solution on this case would be try this shoes on a phisic store before you buy it.Positives : The Shows are really nice , the rubber seems really sticky , the knee desing is awesome , the strap in the back are very well positioned.The Strap on the front are also good , did n't see what people say they are too long or such stuff . . Also the quality of the material used is really good , ca n't tell if will still in good condition after long period os usage but I can say the seams look very hardy and there is no loose seams inside of the shoes , everything lead to feel Mad Rock has a very good quality control over their production .4 Stars because i did n't have a true chance to test it ... ==== old review below ======= Kind regards , Johnny
 I 've climbed in all-brands of shoes in my years , and I figured I 'd finally give MadRock a try . I chose the Flash because of their easy velcro closure , and not overly-aggressive rand , I 'm glad I did . They fit really well and true to street shoe size -LRB- 9.5 -RRB- . It 's also nice that they 're unlined -LRB- definitely keeps odors down -RRB- , and the padded overlapping toungue is really comfortable so you can really pull the velcro down snug.The rubber is great . It 's a little softer than what I 'm used to , so I 'd stay away from climbing trad and edging , but I found it to be really great for higher friction climbs . Great shoes for bouldering and sport . It worked perfectly on sandstone , and gritty conglomerate rock . The heel-cup is really the best part . I believe last time I was out , a bystanding climber accused me of having the `` cheater heel '' because it works so well . -LRB- Turn that foot out -- it works everytime ! -RRB- So anyway , for $ 75 , you really ca n't beat the price and performance . Way to go MadRock !
 My son has just discovered the world of indoor climbing shoes . He really likes these and especially the color . We ordered them one size smaller than his regular size and they fit perfectly .
 This sneaker is the cream of the crop for Lelli Kelly . Just outstanding in every way , the picture hardly does this cute sneaker justice . My daughter absolutely loves these boots ! They make a statement everywhere we go ! LOVE LOVE LOVE them ! Worth every penny !
 These shoes are soo pretty ! They have alot of bead work and are alot more beautiful then most of the shoes this brand I have seen at stores . The price here is very reasonable . Also , these shoes are not as high topped as you would imagine . The little princess I purchased them for is very petite for her age , and these shoes are mid-calf on her , I thought they may end up at her knees . Would purchase them agaim . I recommend this style .
 Great looking shoe that can be dressed up or down . True to size and great dancing shoes with the leather soles .
 It does not have quite the support I need in a shoe -- wish that were not so as it is a beautiful shoe.I also need to have a heel that is rubberized as I found it easy to slip while testing out the shoe .
 I 've worn these VANELi dress flats for years and have them in several colors ... and highly recommend them for both comfort and quality . They are expensive , so I always wait for sales . However , the last few times I 've ordered these shoes on sale from this store on Amazon , the shoes have felt like they are at least a half a size too small . Sadly , I 've had to return them .
 I have a very narrow foot . Hard and expensive to fit . VANELi is one of the few shoes that meet my needs . These flats are great - can dress up or down . Would like to have a pair in every color .
 I really like this shoe ! It 's hard for me to find a shoe as narrow as I need , but this one fits just right across the toes and on the heel . It 's a little wide at the instep , but I can definitely live with it . I was a little dissappointed to find there is no arch support . I think if there were a support , the wideness would disappear .
 ... dress it up or dress it down . Comes in great colors and color combinations . I purchased this shoe in a black suede also . Beautiful ! I always get complements on them . I have the Black/Crocodile and the Red ones in my cart , ready to purchase .
 Finally found a shoe brand on line that is well constructed , excellent quality , and fits my narrow foot , plus being on sale . Will be back for more . And the shipping was fast also !
 I have been buying Van Eli Women 's Frankie Flat for years ! They are not only chic but also so-o-o comfortable - AND they are available in many NEUTRAL colors , which is especially handy when I travel -LRB- I do n't have to pack lots of different shoes -RRB- . I continue to buy replacements as my ` old ones ' wear out !! I hope this style is never discontinued !!!!
 I ordered this shoe in black leather with black patent trim . It would have been the perfect dressy flat shoe and I even ordered two sizes to try . Alas , neither fit well enough and both were uncomfortable . Hated having to send them back . I 'm still searching for a comparable shoe .
 I need a dress shoes without heels due to a bad back . These shoes were sold out at the local shoe , but Amazon saved the day ! A perfect fit with soft leather uppers and patent leather toe and heel , goes perfectly with pants or skirts . The very first time I purchased shoes online and it was a success !
 My feet are important and the quality of shoes I get my feet on are important too that 's why I choose Vaneli shoes , specially for the office , I wear them at least 9 hours a day that 's why I have these particular style in many colors . They are so comfortable and look very nice , the leather is so soft , they feel like gloves , true to the size , just make sure you order the right width . Nothing like Vaneli shoes !
 Wearing a AAAA shoe , it is very difficult to find a nice shoe in such widths . I have purchased several pairs of this shoe in many colors over the years . Goes with both skirts and pants . Just wish it came in silver !
 I love this shoe because it is dressy , classy and comfortable ... and a flat . I search extensively for the shoe with the proper look to wear with my suits . This shoe is it !! In addition to coming in various colors -- it comes with a patent tip/heel . And did I say comfortable ? There is no traditional break-in period . The shoe just molds itself to your foot -LRB- soft leather -RRB- . A must have .
 I actually ordered the black suede/black leather shoes and received these by mistake . But they 're so interesting and comfortable I decided to keep them . The suede is so soft it 's almost like wearing slippers that conform perfectly to your feet . I do n't usually like patent leather and that 's what the toe portion of the shoes are made of but it 's really attractive . I 'd recommend these shoes to even the most conservative among us . Try it , I think you 'll like them .
 I am currently playing premiere club soccer and I have been looking for a good shoe forever . I have narrow feet and weak ankles . These shoes were great . They fit right and were the most comfortable shoes I 've ever worn.Since they are made of soft kangaroo leather there is no need to break them in . They provide excellent feel on the ball.CON - you must treat the leather and keep it soft or else the leather will crack . The toes wore out on my shoes from dragging my toe so just remember to treat the leather often.As a piece of advice , wait until the price drops to around $ 80 to save $ $ . This usually happens when a new model comes out.GREAT SHOE ! HIGHLY RECOMENDED !
 Bought these for our 15yr old son at the beginning of High Soccer season . Best soccer shoes he 's ever owned . Made it thru August , Sept and Oct with either 2 hours of games or practices at least 5 days per week with minimal wear . The insoles were the first to go , however , he 's still playing in the shoes over the winter because they are more comfortable than the Diadoras he wanted to try next . The shoes come with leather conditioner - we used it about every two weeks plus we kept cedar shoe trees inside the shoes when not in use . Some other brands may be a few ounces lighter , but I doubt you 'll be as happy with them .
 I 'm almost 37 , 6 ' 2 '' , and 192 lbs . with one sketchy knee from a basketball mishap 15 years ago . Half a lifetime ago I was a 1600 , 3200 , and 5K runner , but it 's been many years and many pounds since I 've laced up regularly . Hence , I need a very good shoe if I want to keep running.I 've only had these shoes for 4 days , but I could n't be more enthusiatic about them . They felt terrific in the store , and the 10-11 miles I 've put on them , including several 3 mile stints and some speed-work -- if you can call it speed -- have also been great . I have a neutral stride , and the Creation 7 's combination of cushioning and structure works very well for me .
 I have these sandals in five different colors . They are incredibly comfortable yet stylish , and can be worn with slacks or skirts for work or play . Although they are not leather , they look and feel just like it . Great for fashion-minded vegans or those looking for a comfortable , inexpensive sandal .
 Very comfortable and cute shoe . I wear a 9 AA and rarely find great colored shoes in my size . I bought these in aqua and am very happy with the fit and the look .
 I bought four pair of these in different colors . They are the SOFTEST shoes - they just hug your feet and feel like you 've slipped a soft little glove over your tootsies ! ;--RRB- I have long , narrow feet so being able to get them in my size was a plus as well . I am absolutely delighted with them .
 Very cute flat shoe . If your feet tend to swell however I would order a wide width . Other than that the shoe looks great with jeans or capri pants !
 I love these Life Stride Sandals . Can be worn when dressed up or casual . Very comfortable . Planning on purchasing more in several colors .
 I love these shoes and have them in blue , white and black . I find them very comfortable to walk in which I appreciate since I usually need orthodic inserts . fit true to size .
 I love these sandals and am unhappy that they are discontinued . If there are any out there in size 8 give me an email !
 I love this shoe . It 's dressy , but casual enough for every day summer wear , and it 's comfortable for walking around every day . I bought one years ago at a retail store , then when they started breaking down I tried to find another shoe that fit the casual-dressy-comfortable category and could n't find anything else that came close . I found these here , and ordered the same ones I had before , and am very happy about it . Just wish they had the other colors in stock for size 6 !
 Very nice shoe it would be great if this style came in more colors . Shoes are comfortable and sturdy , great for walking .
 very comfortable shoe . I have worn these for many years & have many colors . Good with casual or dressy . I was so happy I found the black again . For a long time they were n't available .
 This LifeStride shoe is one of the most comfortable shoes I have ever had - I like it so much I have it in three different colors . Even after wearing it all day my feet are feeling great . You ca n't go wrong with this shoe .
 I had a pair of shoes like these that I wore until they nearly fell apart . They were so very comfortable , and worked well with different types of outfits , including shorts and capris . The only problem , -LRB- which other people have mentioned -RRB- , is that they do tend to run narrow , so I would suggest buying them a width wider than you normally do.For a relatively inexpensive shoe , I think that they are a great value.Addendum
 I know these shoes are made of non-leather materials and usually would not even have tried them because of that . But , once on , they are the most moldable , soft , well fitting and supportive sandals I have . I have a complaint about the black rubber sole and stacked heel - the rubber is too soft and the back of the heel mars very easily . Another complaint is that they are so hard to find ! I have several pairs and will keep looking ...
 I purchased shoes from Overstock.com and the shoes were perfect . They arrived on time and the fit was exact . Will certainly order from the manufacturer again .
 I previously owned a pair of these sandals -LRB- over 5 years ago -RRB- which I really liked , but for some reason they no longer fit confortably . I decided to order them in a wide width thinking that might be the problem now that I no longer wear high heels , but more casual , loose fitting shoes . My new sandals fit beautifully . I can wear them all day long in complete comfort . I 'm really glad I gave them a second try because I really like the style and have always thought them to be an attractive shoe too .
 I do not ususally order shoes but I was very pleased with this purchase and Peltz Shoes . The shoes were shipped immediatley and I received them within 3 days . Would purchase from them again . Thanks
 This is my second pair , in as many years . Comfortable , nice hieght and affordable .
 I have these sandals in five different colors . They are incredibly comfortable yet stylish , and can be worn with slacks or skirts for work or play . Although they are not leather , they look and feel just like it . Great for fashion-minded vegans or those looking for a comfortable , inexpensive sandal .
 Very comfortable and cute shoe . I wear a 9 AA and rarely find great colored shoes in my size . I bought these in aqua and am very happy with the fit and the look .
 I bought four pair of these in different colors . They are the SOFTEST shoes - they just hug your feet and feel like you 've slipped a soft little glove over your tootsies ! ;--RRB- I have long , narrow feet so being able to get them in my size was a plus as well . I am absolutely delighted with them .
 Very cute flat shoe . If your feet tend to swell however I would order a wide width . Other than that the shoe looks great with jeans or capri pants !
 I love these Life Stride Sandals . Can be worn when dressed up or casual . Very comfortable . Planning on purchasing more in several colors .
 I love these shoes and have them in blue , white and black . I find them very comfortable to walk in which I appreciate since I usually need orthodic inserts . fit true to size .
 I love these sandals and am unhappy that they are discontinued . If there are any out there in size 8 give me an email !
 I love this shoe . It 's dressy , but casual enough for every day summer wear , and it 's comfortable for walking around every day . I bought one years ago at a retail store , then when they started breaking down I tried to find another shoe that fit the casual-dressy-comfortable category and could n't find anything else that came close . I found these here , and ordered the same ones I had before , and am very happy about it . Just wish they had the other colors in stock for size 6 !
 Very nice shoe it would be great if this style came in more colors . Shoes are comfortable and sturdy , great for walking .
 very comfortable shoe . I have worn these for many years & have many colors . Good with casual or dressy . I was so happy I found the black again . For a long time they were n't available .
 This is a perfect sandal for dress or casual . I needed a navy pair to wear when I am working conferences and these are great . They are comfortable and look very neat with dresses or suits .
 This LifeStride shoe is one of the most comfortable shoes I have ever had - I like it so much I have it in three different colors . Even after wearing it all day my feet are feeling great . You ca n't go wrong with this shoe .
 I had a pair of shoes like these that I wore until they nearly fell apart . They were so very comfortable , and worked well with different types of outfits , including shorts and capris . The only problem , -LRB- which other people have mentioned -RRB- , is that they do tend to run narrow , so I would suggest buying them a width wider than you normally do.For a relatively inexpensive shoe , I think that they are a great value.Addendum
 I know these shoes are made of non-leather materials and usually would not even have tried them because of that . But , once on , they are the most moldable , soft , well fitting and supportive sandals I have . I have a complaint about the black rubber sole and stacked heel - the rubber is too soft and the back of the heel mars very easily . Another complaint is that they are so hard to find ! I have several pairs and will keep looking ...
 I purchased shoes from Overstock.com and the shoes were perfect . They arrived on time and the fit was exact . Will certainly order from the manufacturer again .
 I previously owned a pair of these sandals -LRB- over 5 years ago -RRB- which I really liked , but for some reason they no longer fit confortably . I decided to order them in a wide width thinking that might be the problem now that I no longer wear high heels , but more casual , loose fitting shoes . My new sandals fit beautifully . I can wear them all day long in complete comfort . I 'm really glad I gave them a second try because I really like the style and have always thought them to be an attractive shoe too .
 I do not ususally order shoes but I was very pleased with this purchase and Peltz Shoes . The shoes were shipped immediatley and I received them within 3 days . Would purchase from them again . Thanks
 This is my second pair , in as many years . Comfortable , nice hieght and affordable .
 I run at least 4 miles a day -LRB- roads/trails/all terrains -RRB- and just got these shoes last week . They feel like moon shoes and `` bounce me '' to the top when I 'm doing stairs . Love them !!! If you wear this brand and know your size , just buy them . They are even light enough to be racing shoes .
 For years I tried many different shoes until I found Saucony 's I will not wear anything but Saucony . I purchased this style and they are very comfortable , I speed walk , hike cross country and weight train in them . Very comfy , sturdy and stylish.www.bodysculptingbyjanina.com
 I LOVE these shoes . My husband and I own three pairs each .
 I am currently playing premiere club soccer and I have been looking for a good shoe forever . I have narrow feet and weak ankles . These shoes were great . They fit right and were the most comfortable shoes I 've ever worn.Since they are made of soft kangaroo leather there is no need to break them in . They provide excellent feel on the ball.CON - you must treat the leather and keep it soft or else the leather will crack . The toes wore out on my shoes from dragging my toe so just remember to treat the leather often.As a piece of advice , wait until the price drops to around $ 80 to save $ $ . This usually happens when a new model comes out.GREAT SHOE ! HIGHLY RECOMENDED !
 Bought these for our 15yr old son at the beginning of High Soccer season . Best soccer shoes he 's ever owned . Made it thru August , Sept and Oct with either 2 hours of games or practices at least 5 days per week with minimal wear . The insoles were the first to go , however , he 's still playing in the shoes over the winter because they are more comfortable than the Diadoras he wanted to try next . The shoes come with leather conditioner - we used it about every two weeks plus we kept cedar shoe trees inside the shoes when not in use . Some other brands may be a few ounces lighter , but I doubt you 'll be as happy with them .
 I am currently playing premiere club soccer and I have been looking for a good shoe forever . I have narrow feet and weak ankles . These shoes were great . They fit right and were the most comfortable shoes I 've ever worn.Since they are made of soft kangaroo leather there is no need to break them in . They provide excellent feel on the ball.CON - you must treat the leather and keep it soft or else the leather will crack . The toes wore out on my shoes from dragging my toe so just remember to treat the leather often.As a piece of advice , wait until the price drops to around $ 80 to save $ $ . This usually happens when a new model comes out.GREAT SHOE ! HIGHLY RECOMENDED !
 Bought these for our 15yr old son at the beginning of High Soccer season . Best soccer shoes he 's ever owned . Made it thru August , Sept and Oct with either 2 hours of games or practices at least 5 days per week with minimal wear . The insoles were the first to go , however , he 's still playing in the shoes over the winter because they are more comfortable than the Diadoras he wanted to try next . The shoes come with leather conditioner - we used it about every two weeks plus we kept cedar shoe trees inside the shoes when not in use . Some other brands may be a few ounces lighter , but I doubt you 'll be as happy with them .
 I have these sandals in five different colors . They are incredibly comfortable yet stylish , and can be worn with slacks or skirts for work or play . Although they are not leather , they look and feel just like it . Great for fashion-minded vegans or those looking for a comfortable , inexpensive sandal .
 Very comfortable and cute shoe . I wear a 9 AA and rarely find great colored shoes in my size . I bought these in aqua and am very happy with the fit and the look .
 I bought four pair of these in different colors . They are the SOFTEST shoes - they just hug your feet and feel like you 've slipped a soft little glove over your tootsies ! ;--RRB- I have long , narrow feet so being able to get them in my size was a plus as well . I am absolutely delighted with them .
 Very cute flat shoe . If your feet tend to swell however I would order a wide width . Other than that the shoe looks great with jeans or capri pants !
 I love these Life Stride Sandals . Can be worn when dressed up or casual . Very comfortable . Planning on purchasing more in several colors .
 I love these shoes and have them in blue , white and black . I find them very comfortable to walk in which I appreciate since I usually need orthodic inserts . fit true to size .
 I love these sandals and am unhappy that they are discontinued . If there are any out there in size 8 give me an email !
 I bought these shoes to wear to a wedding ... they were so comfortable I could have danced all night and nearly did !! Thank you !!
 I bought this shoe in mimosa and navy . I need the wide width . The sizing was very true.I am very satisfied with this shoe and highly recommend to anyone needing the wider widths.N.Mayo
 I love this shoe . It 's dressy , but casual enough for every day summer wear , and it 's comfortable for walking around every day . I bought one years ago at a retail store , then when they started breaking down I tried to find another shoe that fit the casual-dressy-comfortable category and could n't find anything else that came close . I found these here , and ordered the same ones I had before , and am very happy about it . Just wish they had the other colors in stock for size 6 !
 Very nice shoe it would be great if this style came in more colors . Shoes are comfortable and sturdy , great for walking .
 I ordered the Mimosa sandal in 7E Camel . It is true to size and comfortable . I love the style , looks dressy even as a low heel . The footpad inside is man-made material , but with stockings it is comfortable . Too bad the footpad is n't microfiber or something like that .
 very comfortable shoe . I have worn these for many years & have many colors . Good with casual or dressy . I was so happy I found the black again . For a long time they were n't available .
 This is a perfect sandal for dress or casual . I needed a navy pair to wear when I am working conferences and these are great . They are comfortable and look very neat with dresses or suits .
 This LifeStride shoe is one of the most comfortable shoes I have ever had - I like it so much I have it in three different colors . Even after wearing it all day my feet are feeling great . You ca n't go wrong with this shoe .
 I had a pair of shoes like these that I wore until they nearly fell apart . They were so very comfortable , and worked well with different types of outfits , including shorts and capris . The only problem , -LRB- which other people have mentioned -RRB- , is that they do tend to run narrow , so I would suggest buying them a width wider than you normally do.For a relatively inexpensive shoe , I think that they are a great value.Addendum
 I know these shoes are made of non-leather materials and usually would not even have tried them because of that . But , once on , they are the most moldable , soft , well fitting and supportive sandals I have . I have a complaint about the black rubber sole and stacked heel - the rubber is too soft and the back of the heel mars very easily . Another complaint is that they are so hard to find ! I have several pairs and will keep looking ...
 I purchased shoes from Overstock.com and the shoes were perfect . They arrived on time and the fit was exact . Will certainly order from the manufacturer again .
 I previously owned a pair of these sandals -LRB- over 5 years ago -RRB- which I really liked , but for some reason they no longer fit confortably . I decided to order them in a wide width thinking that might be the problem now that I no longer wear high heels , but more casual , loose fitting shoes . My new sandals fit beautifully . I can wear them all day long in complete comfort . I 'm really glad I gave them a second try because I really like the style and have always thought them to be an attractive shoe too .
 I do not ususally order shoes but I was very pleased with this purchase and Peltz Shoes . The shoes were shipped immediatley and I received them within 3 days . Would purchase from them again . Thanks
 I was disappointed that the color of the shoes looks more black than navy blue , but it does allow me to wear them with black or blue outfits . They are a little tight to start with , but with wear , I hope they will loosen a bit . Otherwise , they are fine .
 This is my second pair , in as many years . Comfortable , nice hieght and affordable .
 I usually by a very pricey brand name slipper . These were a quarter of the cost and are holding up nicely for my husband . He says they are just as comfy as the usual brand .
 The sole is a little chunkier than I like at my age , 50 + , but they are cute and comfortable .
 I am currently playing premiere club soccer and I have been looking for a good shoe forever . I have narrow feet and weak ankles . These shoes were great . They fit right and were the most comfortable shoes I 've ever worn.Since they are made of soft kangaroo leather there is no need to break them in . They provide excellent feel on the ball.CON - you must treat the leather and keep it soft or else the leather will crack . The toes wore out on my shoes from dragging my toe so just remember to treat the leather often.As a piece of advice , wait until the price drops to around $ 80 to save $ $ . This usually happens when a new model comes out.GREAT SHOE ! HIGHLY RECOMENDED !
 Bought these for our 15yr old son at the beginning of High Soccer season . Best soccer shoes he 's ever owned . Made it thru August , Sept and Oct with either 2 hours of games or practices at least 5 days per week with minimal wear . The insoles were the first to go , however , he 's still playing in the shoes over the winter because they are more comfortable than the Diadoras he wanted to try next . The shoes come with leather conditioner - we used it about every two weeks plus we kept cedar shoe trees inside the shoes when not in use . Some other brands may be a few ounces lighter , but I doubt you 'll be as happy with them .
 I wanted to get these shoes well over one year ago , but I could not find them . These shoes are really nice ! I know that I am a woman , but any time I can find a shoe that looks unisex I will purchase them . I wear a lot of browns , tans , and natural colors ; this is a great shoe to wear with those colors . It is much easier finding a sneaker that can go with those earth tone colored clothes , white sneakers are n't bad , but I am glad that a sneaker came out that suits my needs . These look great with sweats , blue jeans and they have that more stylish appearance . I think that this is a great shoe for a man or a woman to wear . I am starting to see more men wearing a nice casual tennis shoe rather than other types of shoes .
 I purchased my Men 's Irish Setter Countrysiders because I suffer from plantar fasciitis , and I also have weak ankles . I teach middle school , and I am on my feet all day . I wore Rockports for a while , but they did not give me the ankle support that I needed . I stumbled upon these Men 's Irish Setter Countrysiders while doing a google search . They are great ! The insoles are removeable -LRB- perfect for me because I wear custom orthotics -RRB- . They do need a couple of days to break in just above the inside ankles because they are boots , but then they fit like a glove!I am about to purchase my 2nd pair .
 These waders worked perfectly . The 1200 gram insulation kept my feet very warm . Great item for the price !
 I purchased these Waders for my son . He has Gone duck hunting several times in a freezing swamp and he claims that they are so warm he sweats . He said the funniest feeling is when he is standing still the water freezes around him and he has to break out of the ice to move.I joked with him yesterday ... `` I want those Wadres back '' , he said he would rather give up his prized shotgun.Great Product . . do n't change a thing.Byron Smith
 These are excellent quality merchandise !! We gave them to our grandson forChristmas and he was so excited ! He wanted a pair , but never knew that such warm and sturdy waders were available . He went hunting Christmas dayand came home and said they kept him so warm and the boots were so thick and warm he was able to wade thru very marshy areas and areas with alot ofwater and never had any water get in his boots and his feet were so warm !! Would recommend that anyone who does hunting for birds and need warmth and the ability to wade thru water or marsh areas , should consider thse for not only their warmth , but the quality is great !!!!
 I am currently playing premiere club soccer and I have been looking for a good shoe forever . I have narrow feet and weak ankles . These shoes were great . They fit right and were the most comfortable shoes I 've ever worn.Since they are made of soft kangaroo leather there is no need to break them in . They provide excellent feel on the ball.CON - you must treat the leather and keep it soft or else the leather will crack . The toes wore out on my shoes from dragging my toe so just remember to treat the leather often.As a piece of advice , wait until the price drops to around $ 80 to save $ $ . This usually happens when a new model comes out.GREAT SHOE ! HIGHLY RECOMENDED !
 Bought these for our 15yr old son at the beginning of High Soccer season . Best soccer shoes he 's ever owned . Made it thru August , Sept and Oct with either 2 hours of games or practices at least 5 days per week with minimal wear . The insoles were the first to go , however , he 's still playing in the shoes over the winter because they are more comfortable than the Diadoras he wanted to try next . The shoes come with leather conditioner - we used it about every two weeks plus we kept cedar shoe trees inside the shoes when not in use . Some other brands may be a few ounces lighter , but I doubt you 'll be as happy with them .
 I am currently playing premiere club soccer and I have been looking for a good shoe forever . I have narrow feet and weak ankles . These shoes were great . They fit right and were the most comfortable shoes I 've ever worn.Since they are made of soft kangaroo leather there is no need to break them in . They provide excellent feel on the ball.CON - you must treat the leather and keep it soft or else the leather will crack . The toes wore out on my shoes from dragging my toe so just remember to treat the leather often.As a piece of advice , wait until the price drops to around $ 80 to save $ $ . This usually happens when a new model comes out.GREAT SHOE ! HIGHLY RECOMENDED !
 Bought these for our 15yr old son at the beginning of High Soccer season . Best soccer shoes he 's ever owned . Made it thru August , Sept and Oct with either 2 hours of games or practices at least 5 days per week with minimal wear . The insoles were the first to go , however , he 's still playing in the shoes over the winter because they are more comfortable than the Diadoras he wanted to try next . The shoes come with leather conditioner - we used it about every two weeks plus we kept cedar shoe trees inside the shoes when not in use . Some other brands may be a few ounces lighter , but I doubt you 'll be as happy with them .
 I usually by a very pricey brand name slipper . These were a quarter of the cost and are holding up nicely for my husband . He says they are just as comfy as the usual brand .
 I am currently playing premiere club soccer and I have been looking for a good shoe forever . I have narrow feet and weak ankles . These shoes were great . They fit right and were the most comfortable shoes I 've ever worn.Since they are made of soft kangaroo leather there is no need to break them in . They provide excellent feel on the ball.CON - you must treat the leather and keep it soft or else the leather will crack . The toes wore out on my shoes from dragging my toe so just remember to treat the leather often.As a piece of advice , wait until the price drops to around $ 80 to save $ $ . This usually happens when a new model comes out.GREAT SHOE ! HIGHLY RECOMENDED !
 Bought these for our 15yr old son at the beginning of High Soccer season . Best soccer shoes he 's ever owned . Made it thru August , Sept and Oct with either 2 hours of games or practices at least 5 days per week with minimal wear . The insoles were the first to go , however , he 's still playing in the shoes over the winter because they are more comfortable than the Diadoras he wanted to try next . The shoes come with leather conditioner - we used it about every two weeks plus we kept cedar shoe trees inside the shoes when not in use . Some other brands may be a few ounces lighter , but I doubt you 'll be as happy with them .
 Two New Balance models seem to fit my feet and running style better than any others , the 85x series and the 106x series . The 1060 is out of production now , but you can still buy them on line . They have been superceded by the 1061 and now the 1062 . They are a little heavier than the 85x series and a tad warmer for winter running . They provide excellent support and I typically get about 3 months of use before they wear out . This is a good thing , some brands only give me 2 months of wear on a shoe . The mesh breathes well , so my feet stay comfortable in hot weather . The laces that NB now uses virtually guarantee your laces will stay tied . If you can find your size and either run neutral or mild over pronation , check out the fit . I normally need a size 9 but require a size 9.5 for this model .
 Arrived in almost two weeks . Good looking shoes then I noticed they were only Size B -LRB- Narrow -RRB- width . I could squeezed into them and eventually stretch em out but would have been nice to know they were only in narrow sizes . If it 's not listed I will be asking before I buy from now on .
 I am currently playing premiere club soccer and I have been looking for a good shoe forever . I have narrow feet and weak ankles . These shoes were great . They fit right and were the most comfortable shoes I 've ever worn.Since they are made of soft kangaroo leather there is no need to break them in . They provide excellent feel on the ball.CON - you must treat the leather and keep it soft or else the leather will crack . The toes wore out on my shoes from dragging my toe so just remember to treat the leather often.As a piece of advice , wait until the price drops to around $ 80 to save $ $ . This usually happens when a new model comes out.GREAT SHOE ! HIGHLY RECOMENDED !
 Bought these for our 15yr old son at the beginning of High Soccer season . Best soccer shoes he 's ever owned . Made it thru August , Sept and Oct with either 2 hours of games or practices at least 5 days per week with minimal wear . The insoles were the first to go , however , he 's still playing in the shoes over the winter because they are more comfortable than the Diadoras he wanted to try next . The shoes come with leather conditioner - we used it about every two weeks plus we kept cedar shoe trees inside the shoes when not in use . Some other brands may be a few ounces lighter , but I doubt you 'll be as happy with them .
 I ordered these boots for my husband . They are exactly as pictured , and could not be referred to as `` seconds '' because of any manufacturing flaw . They arrived approximately 3 days after I ordered -LRB- third week in December -RRB- new in their box with tissue paper folded between . These $ 150 boots for $ 49 are an excellent value for any working man/woman needing steel toe , water-proof , shock rated 8 '' workboots . You will not be disappointed .
 I love these slippers . I love in New England and they are very durable . I have a red pair and a black pair . ican wear them to bring the kids to school and to the grocery if I wanted to . Great value and comfortable .
 I am currently playing premiere club soccer and I have been looking for a good shoe forever . I have narrow feet and weak ankles . These shoes were great . They fit right and were the most comfortable shoes I 've ever worn.Since they are made of soft kangaroo leather there is no need to break them in . They provide excellent feel on the ball.CON - you must treat the leather and keep it soft or else the leather will crack . The toes wore out on my shoes from dragging my toe so just remember to treat the leather often.As a piece of advice , wait until the price drops to around $ 80 to save $ $ . This usually happens when a new model comes out.GREAT SHOE ! HIGHLY RECOMENDED !
 Bought these for our 15yr old son at the beginning of High Soccer season . Best soccer shoes he 's ever owned . Made it thru August , Sept and Oct with either 2 hours of games or practices at least 5 days per week with minimal wear . The insoles were the first to go , however , he 's still playing in the shoes over the winter because they are more comfortable than the Diadoras he wanted to try next . The shoes come with leather conditioner - we used it about every two weeks plus we kept cedar shoe trees inside the shoes when not in use . Some other brands may be a few ounces lighter , but I doubt you 'll be as happy with them .
 I bought these shoes as a Christmas present for my husband . He is a truck driver and is constantly in and out of his truck . He has to unload the trailers by hand , and as a result he is always out in the weather . What I was looking for was combination of diffrent shoes in one . They needed to be warm , comfortable , easy to put on , have steel toes , and be rugged as a hiking boot . And these shoes were perfect . They were so comfortable they required NO `` breaking in '' time . They wore comfortable from the start . They keep his feet warm and his feet do not hurt near as much as they used to . There has been three boxes dropped on his feet , the steel toes have proven their worth , there has been no injuries to his feet . The product was shipped quickly and recieved in excellent condition.I highly recommed these shoes to anyone , and in the future will only buy from this Company.Thanks , Angela
 Considering the price this is an ok item . The problem though is that the stitches protrude through and can hurt your toes . I would suggest to buy something better
 bought these for work and for concerts -LRB- mosh pits etc -RRB- . comfy from day 1 , durable , just buy it
 Good , one of the best shoe and boots madeMen 's Hi-Tec Altitude IV Nubuck Leather Hikers
 From day one , working at a concrete plant these shoes were comfortable , with a perfect fit and lightness I have never had in a regular work boot . At the end of the day your feet will definitely thank you . To my surprise , when I accidentally stepped in and left my foot in a puddle of water , my foot stayed dry except for a small trickle that made its way past the tongue area . I did n't remember reading anything about water repellent or proof , but they have proved to be , time and again with the pair I have purchased . Magnum definitely has my vote for a quality rugged yet comfortable shoe in the M6 .
 These shoes are great ! I 'm a Biology student at Sim&oacute;n Bol&iacute;var University in Caracas , Venezuela , and I used the shoes next day I 've got them for cave exploration -LRB- Alfredo Jahn Caves , Venezuela -RRB- ; no break-in time , wore confortably from day 1 , very well built , slip resistant -LRB- very important when climbing on wet rocks with a heavy backpack -RRB- , and a great deal water resistant -LRB- unless of course , you completely dip your feet in water -RRB- . I 'm very happy for this purchase and I strongly recommend it .
 These sneakers are great ! They look even better than the picture and they did not need any break in time . The shipping was very fast , considering I work in Egypt . But again , a very good buy .
 I am currently playing premiere club soccer and I have been looking for a good shoe forever . I have narrow feet and weak ankles . These shoes were great . They fit right and were the most comfortable shoes I 've ever worn.Since they are made of soft kangaroo leather there is no need to break them in . They provide excellent feel on the ball.CON - you must treat the leather and keep it soft or else the leather will crack . The toes wore out on my shoes from dragging my toe so just remember to treat the leather often.As a piece of advice , wait until the price drops to around $ 80 to save $ $ . This usually happens when a new model comes out.GREAT SHOE ! HIGHLY RECOMENDED !
 Bought these for our 15yr old son at the beginning of High Soccer season . Best soccer shoes he 's ever owned . Made it thru August , Sept and Oct with either 2 hours of games or practices at least 5 days per week with minimal wear . The insoles were the first to go , however , he 's still playing in the shoes over the winter because they are more comfortable than the Diadoras he wanted to try next . The shoes come with leather conditioner - we used it about every two weeks plus we kept cedar shoe trees inside the shoes when not in use . Some other brands may be a few ounces lighter , but I doubt you 'll be as happy with them .
 I like the look of this shoe , very sexy . I bought it in the Gold leather , very nice . Although I would recommend a half size bigger for those with wider feet as they can get uncomfortable .
 Great work shoes that actually feel like tennis shoes . I 've had these Danners for over a year and am going to purchase my second pair . I prefer the comfort of Telson over Acadia and other Danner LE shoes . Has a great tactical look , but does n't really go well with class-a uniforms during formal events .
 I live in Michigan and work in the elements 95 % of the time . I found the Danner Telson boots to be decent all-season duty boots.Prior to the Telsons I had a pair of Danner Acadia boots that gave me five solid years of work but they eventually got pretty sad looking with slick soles so I had to move them to the motorcycle wardrobe where they still serve.The reason I changed to the Telson was that I needed something more comfortable to stand on all day , and I needed a pair of boots that would allow me to run easier . The heavy lug sole on the Acadia was extremely durable and fine for walking around but if I spent a day standing in one spot -LRB- court security or directing traffic -RRB- my lower back and feet would just ache . In addition , if I had to chase someone down it felt like I was running on bricks . The Telson solved both issues . They fit more like a gym shoe , they are much lighter , the sole is more flexible , and the leather is softer than the Acadia . I would even argue that they are a bit more slip resistant due to the running shoe type sole over the lug sole.The biggest con to the Telson is that you give up quite a bit of durability by making them lighter and more comfortable . I just finished three years on the Telsons and the soles are now completely smooth with no traction left and the softer leather upper is so warn that they just laugh at me when I pull out the polish . Over their life the Telsons were much harder to keep looking Class A than the Acadias due to the exterior plastic-like ankle support and the softer leather . Speaking of the ankle support , I understand that they were designed with the exterior support rather than the steel shank in the sole in order to keep the boots lighter and more flexible which worked for the most part , but I would n't necessarily call the Telson boots `` highly supportive '' . In the end it was nice to pay the cheaper price -LRB- vs Acadia -RRB- but considering that I lost 2 years of service I 'm not sure it was much of a savings . I still find the Telsons pretty comfortable overall and they are certainly better for running/agility but I think I 'll keep searching for `` the perfect duty boot '' since these are just OK .
 I bought my first pair and loved them , now on second pair and still love them . Sturdy , forgiving but still rugged . Break in is fairly quick and I only have a little discomfort initially with the upper ankle area . This is due to the stiff rubber/plastic that wraps the ankle . I do not mind the break in period as this same piece offers good ankle support also . Only drawback is the price , ouch . I have never paid $ 200.00 which is the price at the time of this review as they are usually around 129.00 to 169.00 . Overall a good boot and I also prefer them to the Acadia .
 I am currently playing premiere club soccer and I have been looking for a good shoe forever . I have narrow feet and weak ankles . These shoes were great . They fit right and were the most comfortable shoes I 've ever worn.Since they are made of soft kangaroo leather there is no need to break them in . They provide excellent feel on the ball.CON - you must treat the leather and keep it soft or else the leather will crack . The toes wore out on my shoes from dragging my toe so just remember to treat the leather often.As a piece of advice , wait until the price drops to around $ 80 to save $ $ . This usually happens when a new model comes out.GREAT SHOE ! HIGHLY RECOMENDED !
 Bought these for our 15yr old son at the beginning of High Soccer season . Best soccer shoes he 's ever owned . Made it thru August , Sept and Oct with either 2 hours of games or practices at least 5 days per week with minimal wear . The insoles were the first to go , however , he 's still playing in the shoes over the winter because they are more comfortable than the Diadoras he wanted to try next . The shoes come with leather conditioner - we used it about every two weeks plus we kept cedar shoe trees inside the shoes when not in use . Some other brands may be a few ounces lighter , but I doubt you 'll be as happy with them .
 Great work shoes that actually feel like tennis shoes . I 've had these Danners for over a year and am going to purchase my second pair . I prefer the comfort of Telson over Acadia and other Danner LE shoes . Has a great tactical look , but does n't really go well with class-a uniforms during formal events .
 I live in Michigan and work in the elements 95 % of the time . I found the Danner Telson boots to be decent all-season duty boots.Prior to the Telsons I had a pair of Danner Acadia boots that gave me five solid years of work but they eventually got pretty sad looking with slick soles so I had to move them to the motorcycle wardrobe where they still serve.The reason I changed to the Telson was that I needed something more comfortable to stand on all day , and I needed a pair of boots that would allow me to run easier . The heavy lug sole on the Acadia was extremely durable and fine for walking around but if I spent a day standing in one spot -LRB- court security or directing traffic -RRB- my lower back and feet would just ache . In addition , if I had to chase someone down it felt like I was running on bricks . The Telson solved both issues . They fit more like a gym shoe , they are much lighter , the sole is more flexible , and the leather is softer than the Acadia . I would even argue that they are a bit more slip resistant due to the running shoe type sole over the lug sole.The biggest con to the Telson is that you give up quite a bit of durability by making them lighter and more comfortable . I just finished three years on the Telsons and the soles are now completely smooth with no traction left and the softer leather upper is so warn that they just laugh at me when I pull out the polish . Over their life the Telsons were much harder to keep looking Class A than the Acadias due to the exterior plastic-like ankle support and the softer leather . Speaking of the ankle support , I understand that they were designed with the exterior support rather than the steel shank in the sole in order to keep the boots lighter and more flexible which worked for the most part , but I would n't necessarily call the Telson boots `` highly supportive '' . In the end it was nice to pay the cheaper price -LRB- vs Acadia -RRB- but considering that I lost 2 years of service I 'm not sure it was much of a savings . I still find the Telsons pretty comfortable overall and they are certainly better for running/agility but I think I 'll keep searching for `` the perfect duty boot '' since these are just OK .
 I bought my first pair and loved them , now on second pair and still love them . Sturdy , forgiving but still rugged . Break in is fairly quick and I only have a little discomfort initially with the upper ankle area . This is due to the stiff rubber/plastic that wraps the ankle . I do not mind the break in period as this same piece offers good ankle support also . Only drawback is the price , ouch . I have never paid $ 200.00 which is the price at the time of this review as they are usually around 129.00 to 169.00 . Overall a good boot and I also prefer them to the Acadia .
 These boots are working out very well for me with a lot of support and comfort . They seem just as nice as the tech 7 boots I tried on at the store . Also , I wear a size 13 shoe and the size 13 boot fit perfectly !
 This boot quickly became my favorite . Light weight but tough and durable with soles that are easy to clean after working in the garden . After two years I 'm ready to get another pair but the old ones are still going strong .
 I ordered these boots for my husband . They are exactly as pictured , and could not be referred to as `` seconds '' because of any manufacturing flaw . They arrived approximately 3 days after I ordered -LRB- third week in December -RRB- new in their box with tissue paper folded between . These $ 150 boots for $ 49 are an excellent value for any working man/woman needing steel toe , water-proof , shock rated 8 '' workboots . You will not be disappointed .
 I have had several J Shoes and am not always crazy about their design but the Mojave is amazing and comfortable . it 's a brand I know I can trust for quality .
 I 've had a set of these for two years now and on the drive into work this morning I realized I had to tell someone about them . I purchased a pair when a local store was going out of business and carried them . They run a size large -LRB- I 'm an 9.5 and 8.5 shoes fit great -RRB- . The leader is extremely soft and the sole is very unique . Walking over pebbles or small imperfections is almost unnoticeable , but not in any way which makes you feel you ca n't feel the ground . I 've walked for hours wearing these shoes , and honestly they are the only shoe that does n't make my feet hurt.If you want a pair of shoes that do n't make you go `` aaah '' when you take them off after work , get a pair of J Shoes Mojave boots -LRB- a size smaller than usual -RRB- . They 're that comfortable .
 These shoes are probably the most comfortable flats I 've owned . The leather is extremely soft , and flexible . Because the toe is a modified square , your feet never feel crowded . They are a perfect combination of style and comfort .
 well of course it feels like a bargain to get 400dollar shoes for 49dollars . but , upon review , most taryn rose flats sell for 200or so . so the apparent markdown from 400 is a marketing gimmick . but , well worth it for the money -- good quality flexible , will use it a lot over the summer.oh , also runs true to size . five stars for a size 5.5 that fits perfectly !!! not giving five star yet since i havent actually walked miles in them yet -- just very short distances , but very comfortable so far .
 they are very comfortable , true size , fit like a glove . The leather is very soft , I want them in brown !!!
 I got my pair last week , and I have to say , that this shoes are the most comfty I ever owned . The leather is also excellent : - -RRB-
 This shoe looked sort of old-ladyish from the photo , but the price was irresistible for a fabled brand I 'd never been able to afford . The shoe is actually very pretty -LRB- rather like something you 'd expect a princess in a fairy tale to wear -RRB- , incredibly lightweight and made of the softest leather , inside and out -LRB- no rubbing problems whatsoever -RRB- . I 'm a reliable size 5.5 , and this size 5.5 fits perhaps too much like a glove , with minimal room in the toe . But stuffing the toes with tissue seems to have loosened them up a bit . My pair was made in Italy , whereas the newer styles are apparently made in China . If you fit any of the remaining sizes -LRB- whatever you do , do not size down -RRB- , this has to be the shoe deal of the year .
 I have three pair of Finn Comfort , different styles but the same inside cushion . My foot doctor said these were the best shoes . I have had back surgery in 06 and at times my back flares up . I went to this shoe store called Shoes That Fit to get shoes for my wife and I end up getting a few pair because of the insoles and the salesperson who put pads in them . They tell you to wear the shoes for only 15 minutes a day to get them broken in . My doctor can not find my foot problem . At one point I was told that I was walking on the nerves and on my right foot the little toes feel like they are cut or broken . I do n't have neither flat feet nor hammer toes so I thought I would give these shoes a try . After a while they do make you tired but the soles are thick . The reason I gave this shoe and the others 4 stars because they are like dress shoes and today I was trying to dye the side of the soles on each pair I have . The sole is black and there has appeared a white scuff mark that I can not dye . I have checked to see if this is from getting in and out of the car but that has not caused this unsightly scuff . On one pair it is the left shoe and on another it is the right . I get in and out of the car by swinging in . A more descriptive way to say this is my butt is on the seat and my feet are on the ground and I rotate my body . If you see a manual on back injury you will see what I mean for the proper way to get in and out of an auto . These shoes are suppose to help the back and also help prevent hammer toes so you will feel a little discomfort.One pair of shoes I bought was a slip on that you could walk out side or garden in , it is a slipper . The sole wore down in a very short time so I told the manager that shoe was defective since I wore it on the carpet and not often . They gave me a hard time so I decided to still visit their store , look at the shoes I like , on the lady shoes my wife took pictures then I went on line and bought them on AMAZON at a lower price . My wife took her back and we save on AMAZON . I did by a shoe horn from them just to look like a customer ask questions about some of the styles and check them out on AMAZON . The shoe horn was cheaper there and it was longer than the ones I saw on AMAZON.I am saying this because I look at reviews and made selections because of the honesty presented . Would I buy more of these shoes yes . I believe these are German made shoes . I also like the MEPHISTOM which the pair I have is made in Portugal and look like the Finn Comfort and feel the same way . These shoes are not cheap and my feet is very important to me . However I wanted each person that read this review know what they are getting into and know the negative part of the shoe . I will be going to the shoe store , the seller I bought from has moved on , but I want to see if there is a dye for the sole.I took the shoes to the shoe store and shoe shop and it is not the shoe but something on my shoe shelf that must have rubbed off . The odd scrapes makes it difficult to really say where the scuffs could come from . On one shoe it is in the middle part of the shoe which makes it odd . I am changing my rating to 5 stars .
 This is the third pair of these shoes I have bought . All different colors . They are great to wear in the office in the summer .
 We have ordered the same shoe 3 times as it has some stretch and is good for hammer toes , it is a flat so the foot will not slide down . It would be nice to find something else but we keep ordering the same shoe . We have used amazon to order the VAN ELI shoe .
 As I go to buy another pair I decided to write this review . -- When you first look at these shoes you may think they are a bit odd looking and the orange is a bit bright . Get used to it ! These shoes are the most comfortable I 've ever had . Light weight , durable , breathable , machine washable and no laces to tie . I 've used these shoes which are actually a closed toe sandal with socks daily for about 7months with no wear or breaks to the boa rachets . I use the shoes for everyday work , casual walking and they also work well on hot days for riding motorcycles because of the hard black plastic foot top for shifting and no shoe laces to be caught in moving parts . These shoes are also very quiet on any surface and make no squeeks or noise of any kind . If you want a casual , comfortable shoe that you dont have to worry about look no further .
 These are great shoes . Sporty , sturdy and simple for my son to put on and tighten himself thanks to the unique knob which tightens the cable-like lacing . Given the side openings , they should be cool enough in the summer but the enclosed toe should keep his foot safe from trauma during rugged play . I think these were well worth the money and bet they 'll hold up longer than he 'll be able to fit in them -LRB- which is why I am considering also purchasing the next size up -RRB- .
 I am currently playing premiere club soccer and I have been looking for a good shoe forever . I have narrow feet and weak ankles . These shoes were great . They fit right and were the most comfortable shoes I 've ever worn.Since they are made of soft kangaroo leather there is no need to break them in . They provide excellent feel on the ball.CON - you must treat the leather and keep it soft or else the leather will crack . The toes wore out on my shoes from dragging my toe so just remember to treat the leather often.As a piece of advice , wait until the price drops to around $ 80 to save $ $ . This usually happens when a new model comes out.GREAT SHOE ! HIGHLY RECOMENDED !
 Bought these for our 15yr old son at the beginning of High Soccer season . Best soccer shoes he 's ever owned . Made it thru August , Sept and Oct with either 2 hours of games or practices at least 5 days per week with minimal wear . The insoles were the first to go , however , he 's still playing in the shoes over the winter because they are more comfortable than the Diadoras he wanted to try next . The shoes come with leather conditioner - we used it about every two weeks plus we kept cedar shoe trees inside the shoes when not in use . Some other brands may be a few ounces lighter , but I doubt you 'll be as happy with them .
 I have three pair of Finn Comfort , different styles but the same inside cushion . My foot doctor said these were the best shoes . I have had back surgery in 06 and at times my back flares up . I went to this shoe store called Shoes That Fit to get shoes for my wife and I end up getting a few pair because of the insoles and the salesperson who put pads in them . They tell you to wear the shoes for only 15 minutes a day to get them broken in . My doctor can not find my foot problem . At one point I was told that I was walking on the nerves and on my right foot the little toes feel like they are cut or broken . I do n't have neither flat feet nor hammer toes so I thought I would give these shoes a try . After a while they do make you tired but the soles are thick . The reason I gave this shoe and the others 4 stars because they are like dress shoes and today I was trying to dye the side of the soles on each pair I have . The sole is black and there has appeared a white scuff mark that I can not dye . I have checked to see if this is from getting in and out of the car but that has not caused this unsightly scuff . On one pair it is the left shoe and on another it is the right . I get in and out of the car by swinging in . A more descriptive way to say this is my butt is on the seat and my feet are on the ground and I rotate my body . If you see a manual on back injury you will see what I mean for the proper way to get in and out of an auto . These shoes are suppose to help the back and also help prevent hammer toes so you will feel a little discomfort.One pair of shoes I bought was a slip on that you could walk out side or garden in , it is a slipper . The sole wore down in a very short time so I told the manager that shoe was defective since I wore it on the carpet and not often . They gave me a hard time so I decided to still visit their store , look at the shoes I like , on the lady shoes my wife took pictures then I went on line and bought them on AMAZON at a lower price . My wife took her back and we save on AMAZON . I did by a shoe horn from them just to look like a customer ask questions about some of the styles and check them out on AMAZON . The shoe horn was cheaper there and it was longer than the ones I saw on AMAZON.I am saying this because I look at reviews and made selections because of the honesty presented . Would I buy more of these shoes yes . I believe these are German made shoes . I also like the MEPHISTOM which the pair I have is made in Portugal and look like the Finn Comfort and feel the same way . These shoes are not cheap and my feet is very important to me . However I wanted each person that read this review know what they are getting into and know the negative part of the shoe . I will be going to the shoe store , the seller I bought from has moved on , but I want to see if there is a dye for the sole.I took the shoes to the shoe store and shoe shop and it is not the shoe but something on my shoe shelf that must have rubbed off . The odd scrapes makes it difficult to really say where the scuffs could come from . On one shoe it is in the middle part of the shoe which makes it odd . I am changing my rating to 5 stars .
 As I go to buy another pair I decided to write this review . -- When you first look at these shoes you may think they are a bit odd looking and the orange is a bit bright . Get used to it ! These shoes are the most comfortable I 've ever had . Light weight , durable , breathable , machine washable and no laces to tie . I 've used these shoes which are actually a closed toe sandal with socks daily for about 7months with no wear or breaks to the boa rachets . I use the shoes for everyday work , casual walking and they also work well on hot days for riding motorcycles because of the hard black plastic foot top for shifting and no shoe laces to be caught in moving parts . These shoes are also very quiet on any surface and make no squeeks or noise of any kind . If you want a casual , comfortable shoe that you dont have to worry about look no further .
 These are great shoes . Sporty , sturdy and simple for my son to put on and tighten himself thanks to the unique knob which tightens the cable-like lacing . Given the side openings , they should be cool enough in the summer but the enclosed toe should keep his foot safe from trauma during rugged play . I think these were well worth the money and bet they 'll hold up longer than he 'll be able to fit in them -LRB- which is why I am considering also purchasing the next size up -RRB- .
 I am currently playing premiere club soccer and I have been looking for a good shoe forever . I have narrow feet and weak ankles . These shoes were great . They fit right and were the most comfortable shoes I 've ever worn.Since they are made of soft kangaroo leather there is no need to break them in . They provide excellent feel on the ball.CON - you must treat the leather and keep it soft or else the leather will crack . The toes wore out on my shoes from dragging my toe so just remember to treat the leather often.As a piece of advice , wait until the price drops to around $ 80 to save $ $ . This usually happens when a new model comes out.GREAT SHOE ! HIGHLY RECOMENDED !
 Bought these for our 15yr old son at the beginning of High Soccer season . Best soccer shoes he 's ever owned . Made it thru August , Sept and Oct with either 2 hours of games or practices at least 5 days per week with minimal wear . The insoles were the first to go , however , he 's still playing in the shoes over the winter because they are more comfortable than the Diadoras he wanted to try next . The shoes come with leather conditioner - we used it about every two weeks plus we kept cedar shoe trees inside the shoes when not in use . Some other brands may be a few ounces lighter , but I doubt you 'll be as happy with them .
 I simply love this shoes ! They provide great ankle support and arch support ast well , which surprisingly minimized the pain on my feet and legs after a work day . They were also great for motorcycle riding ... : o -RRB-
 I purchased these shoes because I like having the ankle support -LRB- I 'm a klutz -RRB- . The first pair I purchased locally from a major retailer -LRB- bone colored -RRB- for $ 79.95 -- they were worth it . When I found them offerred through Amazon for 1/3 of the price , I was ecstatic ! I purchased another pair -LRB- olive colored -RRB- and am very pleased -LRB- again ! -RRB- . I think the shoe size runs a little small , so on the second pair I got them 1/2 size larger so I could wear thicker socks with them . The shoe soles are a lot like radial tires in that the soles are rounded up the side of the foot -- this helps prevent a turned ankle . The shoes are very lightweight .
 I purchased my Men 's Irish Setter Countrysiders because I suffer from plantar fasciitis , and I also have weak ankles . I teach middle school , and I am on my feet all day . I wore Rockports for a while , but they did not give me the ankle support that I needed . I stumbled upon these Men 's Irish Setter Countrysiders while doing a google search . They are great ! The insoles are removeable -LRB- perfect for me because I wear custom orthotics -RRB- . They do need a couple of days to break in just above the inside ankles because they are boots , but then they fit like a glove!I am about to purchase my 2nd pair .
 I am currently playing premiere club soccer and I have been looking for a good shoe forever . I have narrow feet and weak ankles . These shoes were great . They fit right and were the most comfortable shoes I 've ever worn.Since they are made of soft kangaroo leather there is no need to break them in . They provide excellent feel on the ball.CON - you must treat the leather and keep it soft or else the leather will crack . The toes wore out on my shoes from dragging my toe so just remember to treat the leather often.As a piece of advice , wait until the price drops to around $ 80 to save $ $ . This usually happens when a new model comes out.GREAT SHOE ! HIGHLY RECOMENDED !
 Bought these for our 15yr old son at the beginning of High Soccer season . Best soccer shoes he 's ever owned . Made it thru August , Sept and Oct with either 2 hours of games or practices at least 5 days per week with minimal wear . The insoles were the first to go , however , he 's still playing in the shoes over the winter because they are more comfortable than the Diadoras he wanted to try next . The shoes come with leather conditioner - we used it about every two weeks plus we kept cedar shoe trees inside the shoes when not in use . Some other brands may be a few ounces lighter , but I doubt you 'll be as happy with them .
 What can I say other than they shipped fast , seller gave me some cash back , as they had these listed on their site cheaper , an they arrived exactly as described !! Everyone I know , an everywhere I go I get comments on these , an I love them !!
 They arrived very quickly , and much to my suprise they fit perfectly , and looked even better than the picture posted . Then , much to my surprise , and upon further inspection of the creeper shoe , I lifted up the insole , and there it was !!!!! A coffin-shaped stash box ! Then I realized that both shoes had them !!! It is n't like a huge area , but you could easily fit a backup house key , folded up money , pills , or change , or whatever you need!Why is this not in the review ? Am I the only one who has discovered this secret ? If you ordered this pair of shoes , make sure to check under the insoles !
 It 's a comfortable shoe , not made for women with wide feet . Lightweigt and suitable for work or play .
 I am currently playing premiere club soccer and I have been looking for a good shoe forever . I have narrow feet and weak ankles . These shoes were great . They fit right and were the most comfortable shoes I 've ever worn.Since they are made of soft kangaroo leather there is no need to break them in . They provide excellent feel on the ball.CON - you must treat the leather and keep it soft or else the leather will crack . The toes wore out on my shoes from dragging my toe so just remember to treat the leather often.As a piece of advice , wait until the price drops to around $ 80 to save $ $ . This usually happens when a new model comes out.GREAT SHOE ! HIGHLY RECOMENDED !
 Bought these for our 15yr old son at the beginning of High Soccer season . Best soccer shoes he 's ever owned . Made it thru August , Sept and Oct with either 2 hours of games or practices at least 5 days per week with minimal wear . The insoles were the first to go , however , he 's still playing in the shoes over the winter because they are more comfortable than the Diadoras he wanted to try next . The shoes come with leather conditioner - we used it about every two weeks plus we kept cedar shoe trees inside the shoes when not in use . Some other brands may be a few ounces lighter , but I doubt you 'll be as happy with them .
 I am currently playing premiere club soccer and I have been looking for a good shoe forever . I have narrow feet and weak ankles . These shoes were great . They fit right and were the most comfortable shoes I 've ever worn.Since they are made of soft kangaroo leather there is no need to break them in . They provide excellent feel on the ball.CON - you must treat the leather and keep it soft or else the leather will crack . The toes wore out on my shoes from dragging my toe so just remember to treat the leather often.As a piece of advice , wait until the price drops to around $ 80 to save $ $ . This usually happens when a new model comes out.GREAT SHOE ! HIGHLY RECOMENDED !
 Bought these for our 15yr old son at the beginning of High Soccer season . Best soccer shoes he 's ever owned . Made it thru August , Sept and Oct with either 2 hours of games or practices at least 5 days per week with minimal wear . The insoles were the first to go , however , he 's still playing in the shoes over the winter because they are more comfortable than the Diadoras he wanted to try next . The shoes come with leather conditioner - we used it about every two weeks plus we kept cedar shoe trees inside the shoes when not in use . Some other brands may be a few ounces lighter , but I doubt you 'll be as happy with them .
 Just what I want . My favorite shoes.I keep using them . Are chosen at least 2 times a week . Cool shoes for walking , playing sports , driving , dancing , sleeping , etc. .
 I wore these back in the day and they are just as comfortable as I remember them . I just wish that I could find them in Brown/Bone color .
 I am currently playing premiere club soccer and I have been looking for a good shoe forever . I have narrow feet and weak ankles . These shoes were great . They fit right and were the most comfortable shoes I 've ever worn.Since they are made of soft kangaroo leather there is no need to break them in . They provide excellent feel on the ball.CON - you must treat the leather and keep it soft or else the leather will crack . The toes wore out on my shoes from dragging my toe so just remember to treat the leather often.As a piece of advice , wait until the price drops to around $ 80 to save $ $ . This usually happens when a new model comes out.GREAT SHOE ! HIGHLY RECOMENDED !
 Bought these for our 15yr old son at the beginning of High Soccer season . Best soccer shoes he 's ever owned . Made it thru August , Sept and Oct with either 2 hours of games or practices at least 5 days per week with minimal wear . The insoles were the first to go , however , he 's still playing in the shoes over the winter because they are more comfortable than the Diadoras he wanted to try next . The shoes come with leather conditioner - we used it about every two weeks plus we kept cedar shoe trees inside the shoes when not in use . Some other brands may be a few ounces lighter , but I doubt you 'll be as happy with them .
 I purchased a pair of 6 '' normal toe grizzlies back in Jan of 1998 . Since then , I have replaced the insoles about every 6 months . I used to spend 50-55 hours a week on concrete working with pallets , iron pipe , concretemix , anything else you could beat on in a warehouse . Since then I 'm only pushing 40 hours but it 's the same stuff . These boots have always been comfortable . Friday , I tore the left boot really bad in a workplace incident . I 'm getting another pair tomorrow , no other boot will do . Period . Just talked to the same guy that sold me the boots six years ago . G&L Clothing knows their stuff !
 This is the second pair of Carolina boots I have bought.They are well made and fit great.The first pair I bought lasted almost 5 years with daily use.They are still in good enough shape to wear around my place.The old pair had no problems.No broken eyelets , no broken laces , and the soles are still in good shape.I will continue to buy Carolina boots.American made as an added bonus .
 This is the third pair of these shoes I have bought . All different colors . They are great to wear in the office in the summer .
 We have ordered the same shoe 3 times as it has some stretch and is good for hammer toes , it is a flat so the foot will not slide down . It would be nice to find something else but we keep ordering the same shoe . We have used amazon to order the VAN ELI shoe .
 Fit was accurate and break-in time was minimal . These shoes were a good value .
 The shoes look great . They were a good buy . My only negatives are that they could use a little more padding around the ankle and perhaps a harder sole so that the shoe does not develop crease lines across the top from bending . Otherwise , a nice shoe and comfortable .
 This is the third pair of these shoes I have bought . All different colors . They are great to wear in the office in the summer .
 We have ordered the same shoe 3 times as it has some stretch and is good for hammer toes , it is a flat so the foot will not slide down . It would be nice to find something else but we keep ordering the same shoe . We have used amazon to order the VAN ELI shoe .
 I am currently playing premiere club soccer and I have been looking for a good shoe forever . I have narrow feet and weak ankles . These shoes were great . They fit right and were the most comfortable shoes I 've ever worn.Since they are made of soft kangaroo leather there is no need to break them in . They provide excellent feel on the ball.CON - you must treat the leather and keep it soft or else the leather will crack . The toes wore out on my shoes from dragging my toe so just remember to treat the leather often.As a piece of advice , wait until the price drops to around $ 80 to save $ $ . This usually happens when a new model comes out.GREAT SHOE ! HIGHLY RECOMENDED !
 Bought these for our 15yr old son at the beginning of High Soccer season . Best soccer shoes he 's ever owned . Made it thru August , Sept and Oct with either 2 hours of games or practices at least 5 days per week with minimal wear . The insoles were the first to go , however , he 's still playing in the shoes over the winter because they are more comfortable than the Diadoras he wanted to try next . The shoes come with leather conditioner - we used it about every two weeks plus we kept cedar shoe trees inside the shoes when not in use . Some other brands may be a few ounces lighter , but I doubt you 'll be as happy with them .
 I am currently playing premiere club soccer and I have been looking for a good shoe forever . I have narrow feet and weak ankles . These shoes were great . They fit right and were the most comfortable shoes I 've ever worn.Since they are made of soft kangaroo leather there is no need to break them in . They provide excellent feel on the ball.CON - you must treat the leather and keep it soft or else the leather will crack . The toes wore out on my shoes from dragging my toe so just remember to treat the leather often.As a piece of advice , wait until the price drops to around $ 80 to save $ $ . This usually happens when a new model comes out.GREAT SHOE ! HIGHLY RECOMENDED !
 Bought these for our 15yr old son at the beginning of High Soccer season . Best soccer shoes he 's ever owned . Made it thru August , Sept and Oct with either 2 hours of games or practices at least 5 days per week with minimal wear . The insoles were the first to go , however , he 's still playing in the shoes over the winter because they are more comfortable than the Diadoras he wanted to try next . The shoes come with leather conditioner - we used it about every two weeks plus we kept cedar shoe trees inside the shoes when not in use . Some other brands may be a few ounces lighter , but I doubt you 'll be as happy with them .
 very good product at a very good price ... its really lightweight and my son loves it .
 These shoes are very popular but I did not like the look or how they fit me .
 The shoes are really comfortable and they arrived in a timely manner . I was very pleased .
 I bought these for my wife , she has beautiful feet . She noticed them in a add and I surprized her with them . Simple things keep me a Happy guy!Thanks!Scott With Horn
 My dog chewed up my first pair , and I could n't do without them , so I bought another . They are so comfortable !! Not to mention stylish !
 Great shoes . comfortable and a good fit . I now own 5 pairs in different colors .
 This shoe is so comfortable and fashionable at the same time . The detail pattern on the shoe is beautiful and very well done . Someone anyways gives me a compliment when I wear these shoes .
 These shoes feel just like wearing a pair of slippers . They are the most comfortable shoes i own .
 This product is comfortable , I like it so much . About the shop I can say that they made a fast delivery , Thanks a lot .
 For everyday use , I think Sketchers is one name you can really depend on . Very cute , comfortable and non-skid . I got the brown one and to think I even use this for work , 12 hours of standing is not a joke and it really does its job ! No swollen feet !
 This is my third pair of Skechers . I bought two others at Mervyns to wear to work . They are more comfortable than any other flat type shoe I have worn . I am up and down from my desk all day long . The best part of this pair is that I spent 1/3 of the price ordering them on-line !!!
 my wife loves these shoes . She says they are so comfy and wears them every day .
 I love these shoes ! I never had bought this style of shoe before , and was n't sure how it would fit . They are actually more comfortable than I expected . I have owned a few pairs of skechers , and they all run true to size , and are always comfortable . I loved the mix of fabrics on these , it makes them stand out from other shoes !
 These boots are working out very well for me with a lot of support and comfort . They seem just as nice as the tech 7 boots I tried on at the store . Also , I wear a size 13 shoe and the size 13 boot fit perfectly !
 I am currently playing premiere club soccer and I have been looking for a good shoe forever . I have narrow feet and weak ankles . These shoes were great . They fit right and were the most comfortable shoes I 've ever worn.Since they are made of soft kangaroo leather there is no need to break them in . They provide excellent feel on the ball.CON - you must treat the leather and keep it soft or else the leather will crack . The toes wore out on my shoes from dragging my toe so just remember to treat the leather often.As a piece of advice , wait until the price drops to around $ 80 to save $ $ . This usually happens when a new model comes out.GREAT SHOE ! HIGHLY RECOMENDED !
 Bought these for our 15yr old son at the beginning of High Soccer season . Best soccer shoes he 's ever owned . Made it thru August , Sept and Oct with either 2 hours of games or practices at least 5 days per week with minimal wear . The insoles were the first to go , however , he 's still playing in the shoes over the winter because they are more comfortable than the Diadoras he wanted to try next . The shoes come with leather conditioner - we used it about every two weeks plus we kept cedar shoe trees inside the shoes when not in use . Some other brands may be a few ounces lighter , but I doubt you 'll be as happy with them .
 I am currently playing premiere club soccer and I have been looking for a good shoe forever . I have narrow feet and weak ankles . These shoes were great . They fit right and were the most comfortable shoes I 've ever worn.Since they are made of soft kangaroo leather there is no need to break them in . They provide excellent feel on the ball.CON - you must treat the leather and keep it soft or else the leather will crack . The toes wore out on my shoes from dragging my toe so just remember to treat the leather often.As a piece of advice , wait until the price drops to around $ 80 to save $ $ . This usually happens when a new model comes out.GREAT SHOE ! HIGHLY RECOMENDED !
 Bought these for our 15yr old son at the beginning of High Soccer season . Best soccer shoes he 's ever owned . Made it thru August , Sept and Oct with either 2 hours of games or practices at least 5 days per week with minimal wear . The insoles were the first to go , however , he 's still playing in the shoes over the winter because they are more comfortable than the Diadoras he wanted to try next . The shoes come with leather conditioner - we used it about every two weeks plus we kept cedar shoe trees inside the shoes when not in use . Some other brands may be a few ounces lighter , but I doubt you 'll be as happy with them .
 I am currently playing premiere club soccer and I have been looking for a good shoe forever . I have narrow feet and weak ankles . These shoes were great . They fit right and were the most comfortable shoes I 've ever worn.Since they are made of soft kangaroo leather there is no need to break them in . They provide excellent feel on the ball.CON - you must treat the leather and keep it soft or else the leather will crack . The toes wore out on my shoes from dragging my toe so just remember to treat the leather often.As a piece of advice , wait until the price drops to around $ 80 to save $ $ . This usually happens when a new model comes out.GREAT SHOE ! HIGHLY RECOMENDED !
 Bought these for our 15yr old son at the beginning of High Soccer season . Best soccer shoes he 's ever owned . Made it thru August , Sept and Oct with either 2 hours of games or practices at least 5 days per week with minimal wear . The insoles were the first to go , however , he 's still playing in the shoes over the winter because they are more comfortable than the Diadoras he wanted to try next . The shoes come with leather conditioner - we used it about every two weeks plus we kept cedar shoe trees inside the shoes when not in use . Some other brands may be a few ounces lighter , but I doubt you 'll be as happy with them .
 These shoes are awesome!I ran ball in these tonight , and out of the box , they feel soooo much better than any other shoe -LRB- at any price -RRB- I can remember using in my 30 years of playing . The tongue is well designed , as it wraps over the foot , and down the sides a bit . This helps to tremendously cut down on ` lace bite ' on the top of the foot . It also breaths VERY well -- the blast of cool air actually took me by surprise when I sprinted down the court during a fast break!Another plus is the heel design . Most BB shoes have a short plastic `` cup '' that holds the heel in place , and the padding is rarely adequate enough to keep the lip of said cup from digging into one 's Achilles tendon . The KGs have a very comfortable heel section that has no discernible seam ; an invaluable asset in my mind.The traction is good , the toe box is ample , and the design actually looks better in person than it does in the online pictures.The sale price on these shoes -LRB- if your size is available -RRB- is an extraordinary deal !!!
 I have n't had any problems with traction , as others may have . I 'm pretty picky about what I 'll play ball in , and these have left me with no complaints . Very comfortable and durable .
 The shoes look great , they 're real leather , true to size , mid sneaks , plus my nephew loves them . They are the old KG 's when Kevin Garrnett was with the T-Wolves , but its KG Baby ! So ... who would n't want to buy them , and The Price is Right .
 not a showy shoe . upon closer inspection these shoes have lots of cool details . The shoes have K written on the right shoe and G written on the left shoe . The soles of both shoes have people and places in chicago that Mr. Garnett has fond memories of . Different people and places on both shoes . Interesting . # 21 and Larger K and G on both soles . Quality , well made shoe . I am wearing them around to break them in . I like these shoes a lot and will enjoy playing ball in the park with them on .
 I am currently playing premiere club soccer and I have been looking for a good shoe forever . I have narrow feet and weak ankles . These shoes were great . They fit right and were the most comfortable shoes I 've ever worn.Since they are made of soft kangaroo leather there is no need to break them in . They provide excellent feel on the ball.CON - you must treat the leather and keep it soft or else the leather will crack . The toes wore out on my shoes from dragging my toe so just remember to treat the leather often.As a piece of advice , wait until the price drops to around $ 80 to save $ $ . This usually happens when a new model comes out.GREAT SHOE ! HIGHLY RECOMENDED !
 Bought these for our 15yr old son at the beginning of High Soccer season . Best soccer shoes he 's ever owned . Made it thru August , Sept and Oct with either 2 hours of games or practices at least 5 days per week with minimal wear . The insoles were the first to go , however , he 's still playing in the shoes over the winter because they are more comfortable than the Diadoras he wanted to try next . The shoes come with leather conditioner - we used it about every two weeks plus we kept cedar shoe trees inside the shoes when not in use . Some other brands may be a few ounces lighter , but I doubt you 'll be as happy with them .
 I LOVE THESE BOOTS , I PLAN ON ORDERING THE SAME IN THE WHITE . VERY COMFORTABLE , I CAN WEAR THEM ALL DAY LONG .
 This is the third pair of these shoes I have bought . All different colors . They are great to wear in the office in the summer .
 We have ordered the same shoe 3 times as it has some stretch and is good for hammer toes , it is a flat so the foot will not slide down . It would be nice to find something else but we keep ordering the same shoe . We have used amazon to order the VAN ELI shoe .
 This is the third pair of these shoes I have bought . All different colors . They are great to wear in the office in the summer .
 We have ordered the same shoe 3 times as it has some stretch and is good for hammer toes , it is a flat so the foot will not slide down . It would be nice to find something else but we keep ordering the same shoe . We have used amazon to order the VAN ELI shoe .
 I bought these shoes to wear with my Hickey Freeman suit as I wanted to try something from traditional cap-toe oxfords . I have to say I love the style , but I 'd classify them more as dress casual than dress formal . I 'll still probably need to find another pair of dressier oxfords to wear with my suit , but for gray slacks these are perfect .
 I liked these shoes the moment I saw them . They arrived promptly and fit very well .
 Nice dress shoe . Bought in brown . Hard to find a brown shoe that is dressy and conservative enough to go with a business suit and yet still adds some style to the look . This shoe satisfies that need .
 These cleats didnt take any breaking in at all ... Never had a blister . This is my second pair ... the elather is soft , which is why they are so easy to break in , and comfort is great . One down side is the toe part will split after some time ... but I am tough on my cleats . I love that you can change out the insert and make them a super lightweight cleat too . I recommend this shoe !
 The kangaroo skin version of this shoe is more expensive , but worth the extra money if you need a shoe that is soft , conformable and comfortable . If your feet see a lot of the pitch , it 's a good choice .
 Purchased these cleats for my daughter and she says they are great . She always wears adidas as they generally wear very well . Love the price .
 I really wanted a good , quality pair of cleats that wo n't wear out fast and I was really happy when found these ! I have used them in 3 three hour practices so far and I have not gotten a single blister . They 're comfortable , look good , and play well .
 I took a chance when I bought these for my son because I could n't be sure if they would fit or if he would even like them ... They turned out to be one of the best gifts I got him ! The fit was very true to size , and he loved the quality of the leather . I can honestly say I did good on this one !!!
 It would have helped to state that Tommy Hilfiger 's shoe sizes run a bit large . I always order size 11 1/2 and the shoe is a bit larger than other shoes I have bought or ordered . Other than that the shoes are well made and are comfortable
 This shoe fit my true size 11W . The soles of my feet do n't hurt when I get home , and my feet do not feel pinched . They look very professional , and are great with pants .
 These shoes met my needs
 These shoes are great ! They were a wee bit more then what I typically pay for shoes but the number of compliments I 've gotten far out weigh the extra cost . They are so comfortable and they go with just about any outfit . AND in the box , were included extra heel pads so when mine get worn down -LRB- which they will -RRB- I can just screw in the new ones . It seems like just a little thing but it made a huge difference to me .
 I love these shoes ! They 're the perfect heel height and I love the color and buckle . These are super comfortable . I could walk in these all day .
 I bought these for a friend after she saw them in a store . For starters , I got a MUCH better deal on Amazon -LRB- $ 60 + in store -RRB- . My friend absolutely loves them and says they 're very comfortable . I 'm thinking of buying myself some naughty monkeys now ...
 Since I 'm addicted to buying shoes , I 've got so many pairs that it 's become difficult for me to find ones that are unique , sexy , and practical ... well , I must say that I am absolutely pleased with this purchase . The shoe runs true to size . It 's very comfortable , well-made , and the colors are vibrant ! I 'm definitely buying these in green !
 These run a bit wide , which does not look super elegant , and they cut into my big toe like the dickens right were the peep-toe seam is at.Still cute though . If you want to look pretty , you got ta endure the pain ; -RRB-
 Really nice shoes ! Actually I have to admit that one of the most beautiful and stylish shoes that I have ever had . Goes perfect with your skinny jeans . I wore them already several times , and every time I wear them all of my girl friends just loved it . Runs with correct size too !
 This is the first pair of safety shoes I 've ever owned , that when I put them on , I could wear them the whole 12 hour shift I work , instead of slipping back into by old ones after a few hours . These are by far the best I 've ever worn . I know , I 'll be a repeat customer . Thanks again .
 Excelentes zapatos , duraderos y confortables , le he dado full rosca y no tienen m&aacute;s detalle que el sucio , buenos para beisbol y softbol , con buen agarre tanto en grama como en tierra , recomendados
 excellent these shoes are great for sport , he recommends , are very bright light , yet simple , such as expected , the packaging is a little big if we could reduce would be best
 I bought this shoe for my nephew and he has been loving it since . He plays pretty good soccer and with these shoes he 's more comfortable on the field and even scores every game . Thanks amazon ...
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 Not much more to say other than a great value for the money spent . Quality made and comfortable while being a little stylish too .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 This is the third pair of these shoes I have bought . All different colors . They are great to wear in the office in the summer .
 We have ordered the same shoe 3 times as it has some stretch and is good for hammer toes , it is a flat so the foot will not slide down . It would be nice to find something else but we keep ordering the same shoe . We have used amazon to order the VAN ELI shoe .
 This is the first pair of safety shoes I 've ever owned , that when I put them on , I could wear them the whole 12 hour shift I work , instead of slipping back into by old ones after a few hours . These are by far the best I 've ever worn . I know , I 'll be a repeat customer . Thanks again .
 First off , I 'm not really a kid , but I do n't want to sign up for an acount . Know that . I bought a pair a couple months ago . They obviously get kudos in the cool facter right off the bat . Then I put them to the real test . On the court . They are super comfortable and are still holding up great . They also breathe very well.This brings me to the only problems . Soon after I bought a pair , my friend did too . He plays in them not only on the hard-court , but on the black top when he 's practicing also . Therefore he uses them A LOT . A few days ago one of the air pumps in the sole sprung a leak and his right shoes rim no longer spins . I 've only heard of this happening to a couple people , but if you abuse your shows as much as my friend does , you might want to look else where . Also the sound of the pump is audible . Not terribly noticable , expecialy on the court.All in all , this is a great shoe and really encourage you buying it . Whether you want it for hoops or for style , it 's sick no matter what .
 I just re-purchase that shoes , around yr ago , i bought the white color speers , when I found out is discount item , I re-purchase another pair -LRB- Black/gold -RRB- . That is a comfortable , cool shoes.Just for your information , I am working in HK . It 's very different to find DaDa basketball shoes here . I need to purchase online and ship to HK . -LRB- Takes 14 days -RRB- . So you guys in North American are so lucky.I am highly recommended for those sourcing a high-quality & inexpensive basketball player . That is 100 % good choice . -LRB- Try it ... Very Good Deal -RRB- Excuse me ! Am I too hard-sale that DaDa basketball shoes ?
 This shoe is off da chain i bought this shoe when it came out . I gots the blue and white ones and they comfterable as hell they gots a spring in the sole so dat the wheel spins the only bad thing is that when you walk you hear the air from the spring but overall this shoe is off da hizzle .
 This shoes look sleek no doubt about that . Ive been trying to get my hands on them for a while now but i ca n't seem to find them anywhere . Can anyone tell me where to buy a beautfiul shoe like this ?
 I got 4 letters 4 you P-I-M-P
 I ummm actually have n't worn these shoes yet but . They get props from me just cause they look good . And they is original . so poo poo to you .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 These boots are gorgeous however I definitely have the sausage effect because of my calves . I do n't think I 'm stocky . Nonetheless , I ca n't bear to return them because they are so beautiful . I 'm hoping that my legs will get thinner one day and i 'll be able to wear them .
 I love these boots . They are stylish , true to size and just all around show-stoppers ! Buy them and you wo n't be disappointed .
 Everyone is always asking where I got these shoes . Absolutely love it and so does all of my friends .
 Fit was accurate and break-in time was minimal . These shoes were a good value .
 The shoes look great . They were a good buy . My only negatives are that they could use a little more padding around the ankle and perhaps a harder sole so that the shoe does not develop crease lines across the top from bending . Otherwise , a nice shoe and comfortable .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 This is the third pair of these shoes I have bought . All different colors . They are great to wear in the office in the summer .
 We have ordered the same shoe 3 times as it has some stretch and is good for hammer toes , it is a flat so the foot will not slide down . It would be nice to find something else but we keep ordering the same shoe . We have used amazon to order the VAN ELI shoe .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I was surprised to find out how light these moccasins felt . They are so soft and comfortable ! You hardly realize you are wearing them . These are a nice shoe to wear on the hot days of summer . Highly recommend them .
 I ordered this on 21st of Dec -LRB- Std shipping -RRB- and it was delivered on 24th . Impressed by the swift response in order processing and shipping . I just tried the shoes for size and it feels fine . I 'll wear it outside this week and write an update on comfort , heat retention etc. . I 'll revise the rating once I break em in .
 I purchased a pair of these boots for use inside the freezer section of the food warehouse where I work . The interior temperatures are -10 and -20 degrees . Wearing two pair of socks and these insulated boots , I am able to stay inside the freezer much longer than before even if activities limit my movements . In fact , my hands get cold before my feet . Well worth the investment !
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 These shoes are great ! I had a pair already and wanted a spare ... could not find them locally but found them on Amazon.Amazon has almost everything I want and provides great service as well !
 Comfortable and pretty too . However , not recommend buying from amazon . I found one in the store is cheaper ...
 I 'd give them five stars but I think they 're kind of ugly , not being a huge fan of the color orange . Using them for walking , about 5 miles a day , and so far they 're holding up well and and are comfortable for the whole walk.Updating this review almost a year later
 I 've never ordered sneakers off the internet , but I trust adidas and thank goodness these were true to size . I got blue , and the color is really light and not too `` girly . '' There is a lot of ankle support , which some people do n't like because you ca n't wear the lowest socks . There is also a lot of arch and heel support , which I always require because I have had a heel spur in the past . I 'm a moderate runner -- maybe 10 miles a week , and these have been great . Enjoy !
 This is the third pair of this model I 've owned and I have been thrilled with every single one . Great running shoe or just an everyday shoe .
 This is the 10th pair of Supernova Cushions I have purchased and I love them . They have a very thick cushion and it has cured my shin splints .
 What an awesome shoes !!! I have been buying the same model of running shoes for three yrs.Highy recommanded
 This is the best running shoe I have ever owned ! I had trouble with my LCL , not anymore . I used to start to get tired after 4 miles , I can go twice as long with these . If you have flat , narrow feet and small ankles , this is the shoe for you . Pretty good arch support . Could use more , but I 'm not complaining !! I hope they never discontinue this shoe !
 I was fitted for a pair of these at a speciality running store and purchased them with a gift card for over $ 100 . I jog/walked a marathon in these a few months ago and they were great -- no blisters , no nothing . I would definately purchase these shoes again , especially at the prices offered by Amazon !!!!
 I really like Adidas and I have probably bought 20 pairs or more for me and my family on Amazon . Amazon has great prices on these and when they are on sale , well that 's unbeatable !
 shoes are very light , comfortable and good price from amazon . just the look is not as nice as otehr shoes i like , but for the use purpose , thay are great .
 shoes are supportive , and wear well on both roads and trails .
 These shoes were instantly comfortable . They required no breaking in process . What a great deal . I wore Mizunos before , but love these now .
 I ordered this on 21st of Dec -LRB- Std shipping -RRB- and it was delivered on 24th . Impressed by the swift response in order processing and shipping . I just tried the shoes for size and it feels fine . I 'll wear it outside this week and write an update on comfort , heat retention etc. . I 'll revise the rating once I break em in .
 I purchased a pair of these boots for use inside the freezer section of the food warehouse where I work . The interior temperatures are -10 and -20 degrees . Wearing two pair of socks and these insulated boots , I am able to stay inside the freezer much longer than before even if activities limit my movements . In fact , my hands get cold before my feet . Well worth the investment !
 I bought a pair of black . This shoe is very easy to walk on and looks very elegant .
 `` Lefty '' is a beautiful shoe . They remind me of my mom 's shoes in the 50s . The width is forgiving .
 I love these shoes . What I especially love about them is that I got them for far less than the retail asking price . Although they tend to run small , my size 8 is a little tight .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 This is the third pair of these shoes I have bought . All different colors . They are great to wear in the office in the summer .
 We have ordered the same shoe 3 times as it has some stretch and is good for hammer toes , it is a flat so the foot will not slide down . It would be nice to find something else but we keep ordering the same shoe . We have used amazon to order the VAN ELI shoe .
 Really good last touch for a hot outfit ! Not the most comfortable but that could be easy to see . This brand seems to run a little small to me so keep that in mind .
 The shoes are very cute and true to fit . The clasp on the strap is heart-shaped and very feminine .
 I was surprised to find out how light these moccasins felt . They are so soft and comfortable ! You hardly realize you are wearing them . These are a nice shoe to wear on the hot days of summer . Highly recommend them .
 I own several pair of Havana Joes . I started off with the brown geasy 's and I 've moved on to having a pair of black chukkas and black oxfords . The Chukkas are basicaclly hightop version of the oxfords . Aside from the higher sides , the two shoes are identical . For winter wear , I prefer the Chukkas as they 're a bit warmer . I have to say that I love these shoes . I recently bought a pair of black oxfords from Amazon prompting this review.Pros : a -RRB- Wear like Iron -LRB- I have a 5 yr old pair that is still going -RRB- b -RRB- Look very nicec -RRB- Very versatile -LRB- from jeans to chinos -RRB- d -RRB- They come broken in -LRB- I think -RRB- e -RRB- They fit nice -LRB- they 're a bit wider than most shoes though -RRB- Cons : a -RRB- They 're heavy the Chukkas even heavier - I do n't recommend a day or two of mall shopping in these shoesb -RRB- They 're so durable that they 'll out-endure your feet ... so if you walk on hard surfaces all day without a good pair of socks , you will get blisters on your feet ... on the other hand , I 've played 18 holes of golf with these and no blisters.c -RRB- They 're getting harder to find ... Amazon is one of the few places left in the States that carries Havana Joes.Overall , I ca n't say enough good things about these shoes . They 've with me across the northern parts of Europe in the winter like London and the Netherlands and through the Scandinavian countries like Norway and Sweden in winter ... wherever I go , I take my Havana Joes as my Primary shoes , a pair of sneakers for heavy duty walking , and a pair of flip flops . In my Havana Joes , I feel that my feet are protected . There are very few shoes out there that are this versatile and durable . Another reviewer labeled them `` The Sherman Tank of Dress Shoes , '' and I could n't agree more . Fantastic product.These shoes tend to the wide , both the chukkas and the oxfords - This is very comfortable for me but if your feet tend to the narrow , you might find them too wide . To me , they 're perfect .
 These are my husbands favorite shoes . They are very comfortable , yet they look great ! They are very durable and the black greasy look new every time you polish them . These are well worth the money .
 I have a problem with a big toe that requires a shoe with stiff soles . This shoe meets that requirement and gets lots of comments on its looks .
 I bought a pair of these , and I find myself reverting to them even in the summer even though I bought them for fall and winter wear . They 're a bit stiff to start . They break in fast . After which they 're very comfortable . The leather lining breaths well . To look their best they need almost weekly cleaning and polishing . They seem fairly durable however .
 I had been looking for Havana Joe shoes for quite a while . When I stumbled upon them at Amazon -LRB- for an amazing price by the way -RRB- I jumped right on it ! These boots are incredibly comfortable . I have always had trouble finding comfortable shoes . I 'm on my feet quite a bit and need good support . The soles are super tough , the leather and craftsmanship are top notch and they look great with khakis or jeans . Could n't ask for more in a shoe . I highly recommend these to anyone looking for a casual/semi-dress shoe .
 I bought these boots when I moved to Oregon as friends tell me it rains more here than in Chicago . These boots are very comfortable , they look good and are very durable . The leather allows your feet to breathe well . I highly recommend this product .
 These are beautiful shoes & my grandaughter love them . She wears them all the time . I GOT THESE AS A BIRTHDAY PRESENT FOR HER AND SHE SIMPLY REFUSES TO WEAR ANY OTHER SHOES . THESE ARE SPECIAL TO HER .
 This is the third pair of these shoes I have bought . All different colors . They are great to wear in the office in the summer .
 We have ordered the same shoe 3 times as it has some stretch and is good for hammer toes , it is a flat so the foot will not slide down . It would be nice to find something else but we keep ordering the same shoe . We have used amazon to order the VAN ELI shoe .
 This is the third pair of these shoes I have bought . All different colors . They are great to wear in the office in the summer .
 We have ordered the same shoe 3 times as it has some stretch and is good for hammer toes , it is a flat so the foot will not slide down . It would be nice to find something else but we keep ordering the same shoe . We have used amazon to order the VAN ELI shoe .
 These boots are great . got ta warn you though , they run real large . I wear a size 11 to 11.5 , so I orderd 11 . Well that didnt work out so good , I can pull them off without untieing them . way to big . Wish I could have returned for a smaller size but , I wore them out in the mud to try them out .
 I had no familiarity with this brand , but the sale price , and my size being available made it easy to give them a try.I 've been wearing them steadily for the past several weeks , and while they were originally a bit stiff feeling on the bottom , they have formed nicely around my feet and are quite comfortable.The sensation while walking on a hard smooth surface is a bit unique because of the many small `` cleats '' which make up the sole , but all in all I 'm quite pleased.My only complaint is that 3 metal eyelets on the same side of one shoe have come undone . Two of them are ornamental , but one is the top eyelet for the lace and will likely start pulling at the leather amd doing some damage if I do n't have it repaired by a cobbler .
 the shoes looked as good and cool as they did on the site and they fit perfectly . . i can agree with the other reviewer that they were heavy and have a stiff feel but some people may like the heavier feel of the shoe unless youre gon na be doing some kind of hectic activity that requires allot of erratic movements , but for people who probably go off the beaten track on the rocky roads and gravel trails these shoes are the perfect fit , actually the feel of these shoes do remind me of the stiff durable construction type feel of timberlands rugged series of boot and shoe
 Tsubo - means - pressure point in Japanese - shoe stands for its name . Shoe is comfortable and I would n't say heavy -LRB- DMs are heavy -RRB- , but it 's not your lite sneaker . Tsubos are very well made . Recommend !
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I was surprised to find out how light these moccasins felt . They are so soft and comfortable ! You hardly realize you are wearing them . These are a nice shoe to wear on the hot days of summer . Highly recommend them .
 Initially , I thought shoes were a little tight -LRB- hard -RRB- and not flexible . I put them on before the game , and before playing , I thought it would take some effort to break in . Maybe wear them around the house 2/3 times then decide to send back or work with them.Then , I put them on & practiced for an hour or two , and remembered that these may be the most comfortable softball shoe that I have worn over the last 5 - 10 years.This is my second or third pair of the same 3N2 shoes . I purchased from different companies . Shoes are soft , comfortable , flexible , with high top , -LRB- the way I like them for extra support -RRB- a little wide -LRB- good for me because I prefer the wide shoe -RRB- . On a scale of 1 - 10 , 1 being poor , and 10 best , I rate this product a 10 !
 When I got these shoes I thought they were great . I put them on and they had great room for the toes and also felt great on the feet . I got the green one and the green color looked alot better in person than on the website . I loved the color!The only thing I see wrong with these shoes is the paint or what ever it is starts to come off very quickly where your laces are in the middle . Another thing is on the back the thing that says 3N2 peels right off and does n't stay on . I do like the product but there needs to be something done about these problems !
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I have these sandals in five different colors . They are incredibly comfortable yet stylish , and can be worn with slacks or skirts for work or play . Although they are not leather , they look and feel just like it . Great for fashion-minded vegans or those looking for a comfortable , inexpensive sandal .
 Very comfortable and cute shoe . I wear a 9 AA and rarely find great colored shoes in my size . I bought these in aqua and am very happy with the fit and the look .
 I bought four pair of these in different colors . They are the SOFTEST shoes - they just hug your feet and feel like you 've slipped a soft little glove over your tootsies ! ;--RRB- I have long , narrow feet so being able to get them in my size was a plus as well . I am absolutely delighted with them .
 Very cute flat shoe . If your feet tend to swell however I would order a wide width . Other than that the shoe looks great with jeans or capri pants !
 I love these Life Stride Sandals . Can be worn when dressed up or casual . Very comfortable . Planning on purchasing more in several colors .
 I love these shoes and have them in blue , white and black . I find them very comfortable to walk in which I appreciate since I usually need orthodic inserts . fit true to size .
 I love these sandals and am unhappy that they are discontinued . If there are any out there in size 8 give me an email !
 I bought these shoes to wear to a wedding ... they were so comfortable I could have danced all night and nearly did !! Thank you !!
 I bought this shoe in mimosa and navy . I need the wide width . The sizing was very true.I am very satisfied with this shoe and highly recommend to anyone needing the wider widths.N.Mayo
 I love this shoe . It 's dressy , but casual enough for every day summer wear , and it 's comfortable for walking around every day . I bought one years ago at a retail store , then when they started breaking down I tried to find another shoe that fit the casual-dressy-comfortable category and could n't find anything else that came close . I found these here , and ordered the same ones I had before , and am very happy about it . Just wish they had the other colors in stock for size 6 !
 Very nice shoe it would be great if this style came in more colors . Shoes are comfortable and sturdy , great for walking .
 I ordered the Mimosa sandal in 7E Camel . It is true to size and comfortable . I love the style , looks dressy even as a low heel . The footpad inside is man-made material , but with stockings it is comfortable . Too bad the footpad is n't microfiber or something like that .
 very comfortable shoe . I have worn these for many years & have many colors . Good with casual or dressy . I was so happy I found the black again . For a long time they were n't available .
 This is a perfect sandal for dress or casual . I needed a navy pair to wear when I am working conferences and these are great . They are comfortable and look very neat with dresses or suits .
 This LifeStride shoe is one of the most comfortable shoes I have ever had - I like it so much I have it in three different colors . Even after wearing it all day my feet are feeling great . You ca n't go wrong with this shoe .
 I had a pair of shoes like these that I wore until they nearly fell apart . They were so very comfortable , and worked well with different types of outfits , including shorts and capris . The only problem , -LRB- which other people have mentioned -RRB- , is that they do tend to run narrow , so I would suggest buying them a width wider than you normally do.For a relatively inexpensive shoe , I think that they are a great value.Addendum
 I know these shoes are made of non-leather materials and usually would not even have tried them because of that . But , once on , they are the most moldable , soft , well fitting and supportive sandals I have . I have a complaint about the black rubber sole and stacked heel - the rubber is too soft and the back of the heel mars very easily . Another complaint is that they are so hard to find ! I have several pairs and will keep looking ...
 I purchased shoes from Overstock.com and the shoes were perfect . They arrived on time and the fit was exact . Will certainly order from the manufacturer again .
 I previously owned a pair of these sandals -LRB- over 5 years ago -RRB- which I really liked , but for some reason they no longer fit confortably . I decided to order them in a wide width thinking that might be the problem now that I no longer wear high heels , but more casual , loose fitting shoes . My new sandals fit beautifully . I can wear them all day long in complete comfort . I 'm really glad I gave them a second try because I really like the style and have always thought them to be an attractive shoe too .
 I do not ususally order shoes but I was very pleased with this purchase and Peltz Shoes . The shoes were shipped immediatley and I received them within 3 days . Would purchase from them again . Thanks
 This is my second pair , in as many years . Comfortable , nice hieght and affordable .
 I have these sandals in five different colors . They are incredibly comfortable yet stylish , and can be worn with slacks or skirts for work or play . Although they are not leather , they look and feel just like it . Great for fashion-minded vegans or those looking for a comfortable , inexpensive sandal .
 Very comfortable and cute shoe . I wear a 9 AA and rarely find great colored shoes in my size . I bought these in aqua and am very happy with the fit and the look .
 I bought four pair of these in different colors . They are the SOFTEST shoes - they just hug your feet and feel like you 've slipped a soft little glove over your tootsies ! ;--RRB- I have long , narrow feet so being able to get them in my size was a plus as well . I am absolutely delighted with them .
 Very cute flat shoe . If your feet tend to swell however I would order a wide width . Other than that the shoe looks great with jeans or capri pants !
 I love these Life Stride Sandals . Can be worn when dressed up or casual . Very comfortable . Planning on purchasing more in several colors .
 I love these shoes and have them in blue , white and black . I find them very comfortable to walk in which I appreciate since I usually need orthodic inserts . fit true to size .
 I love these sandals and am unhappy that they are discontinued . If there are any out there in size 8 give me an email !
 I bought these shoes to wear to a wedding ... they were so comfortable I could have danced all night and nearly did !! Thank you !!
 I bought this shoe in mimosa and navy . I need the wide width . The sizing was very true.I am very satisfied with this shoe and highly recommend to anyone needing the wider widths.N.Mayo
 I love this shoe . It 's dressy , but casual enough for every day summer wear , and it 's comfortable for walking around every day . I bought one years ago at a retail store , then when they started breaking down I tried to find another shoe that fit the casual-dressy-comfortable category and could n't find anything else that came close . I found these here , and ordered the same ones I had before , and am very happy about it . Just wish they had the other colors in stock for size 6 !
 Very nice shoe it would be great if this style came in more colors . Shoes are comfortable and sturdy , great for walking .
 I ordered the Mimosa sandal in 7E Camel . It is true to size and comfortable . I love the style , looks dressy even as a low heel . The footpad inside is man-made material , but with stockings it is comfortable . Too bad the footpad is n't microfiber or something like that .
 very comfortable shoe . I have worn these for many years & have many colors . Good with casual or dressy . I was so happy I found the black again . For a long time they were n't available .
 This is a perfect sandal for dress or casual . I needed a navy pair to wear when I am working conferences and these are great . They are comfortable and look very neat with dresses or suits .
 This LifeStride shoe is one of the most comfortable shoes I have ever had - I like it so much I have it in three different colors . Even after wearing it all day my feet are feeling great . You ca n't go wrong with this shoe .
 I had a pair of shoes like these that I wore until they nearly fell apart . They were so very comfortable , and worked well with different types of outfits , including shorts and capris . The only problem , -LRB- which other people have mentioned -RRB- , is that they do tend to run narrow , so I would suggest buying them a width wider than you normally do.For a relatively inexpensive shoe , I think that they are a great value.Addendum
 I know these shoes are made of non-leather materials and usually would not even have tried them because of that . But , once on , they are the most moldable , soft , well fitting and supportive sandals I have . I have a complaint about the black rubber sole and stacked heel - the rubber is too soft and the back of the heel mars very easily . Another complaint is that they are so hard to find ! I have several pairs and will keep looking ...
 I purchased shoes from Overstock.com and the shoes were perfect . They arrived on time and the fit was exact . Will certainly order from the manufacturer again .
 I previously owned a pair of these sandals -LRB- over 5 years ago -RRB- which I really liked , but for some reason they no longer fit confortably . I decided to order them in a wide width thinking that might be the problem now that I no longer wear high heels , but more casual , loose fitting shoes . My new sandals fit beautifully . I can wear them all day long in complete comfort . I 'm really glad I gave them a second try because I really like the style and have always thought them to be an attractive shoe too .
 I do not ususally order shoes but I was very pleased with this purchase and Peltz Shoes . The shoes were shipped immediatley and I received them within 3 days . Would purchase from them again . Thanks
 This is my second pair , in as many years . Comfortable , nice hieght and affordable .
 I got this for my daughter a year ago , and now my son wears them . They retain the same perfect shape as when they were new . Even elastic on the sides did n't wear out - and with my 2-year-old it 's a miracle . My son likes to jump in the puddles of water , and the shoes dry up in half hour . I recommend it to any toddler .
 Really good last touch for a hot outfit ! Not the most comfortable but that could be easy to see . This brand seems to run a little small to me so keep that in mind .
 This shoe rocks . It looks stunning and I wish I had purchased more pairs which I could have presented to my cousins . I got these for under 30 which I dare say is definitely the best price I could have got this for . I am very happy the purchase . Thank you Amazon !
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I was surprised to find out how light these moccasins felt . They are so soft and comfortable ! You hardly realize you are wearing them . These are a nice shoe to wear on the hot days of summer . Highly recommend them .
 These shoes are simply amazing ! Extremely comfortable and lightweight . I went originally to the shoe store in search of Climacools , but did n't like the current selection . I went looking at what else they had and these shoes were there . Picture a ruggedized Climacool and you 've got the Mali 's . These shoes have an injection molded insole with perforated sections to allow water to drain not just through the insole , but through the entire shoe ... right out the bottom and sides . It 's for these same reasons , that these shoes are well ventilated . You 've got to see these in person to appreciate their lightweightness and smart design features . I literally tried them on and in 30 seconds said , `` I 'll take them '' . They 're that good . The stlye and the fit make these shoes some of the best I 've ever owned , period .
 I got this for my very clumsy husband and it 's great ! Very durable and has lasted a lot of abuse !
 I was surprised to find out how light these moccasins felt . They are so soft and comfortable ! You hardly realize you are wearing them . These are a nice shoe to wear on the hot days of summer . Highly recommend them .
 I purchased these boots hoping they would fit and not hurt my feet . I have arthritis in one foot and can hardly wear shoes because of the pain.These boots fit very well , look great , and I can wear them longer than any shoe I have had in the past year !! I love them .
 Initially , I thought shoes were a little tight -LRB- hard -RRB- and not flexible . I put them on before the game , and before playing , I thought it would take some effort to break in . Maybe wear them around the house 2/3 times then decide to send back or work with them.Then , I put them on & practiced for an hour or two , and remembered that these may be the most comfortable softball shoe that I have worn over the last 5 - 10 years.This is my second or third pair of the same 3N2 shoes . I purchased from different companies . Shoes are soft , comfortable , flexible , with high top , -LRB- the way I like them for extra support -RRB- a little wide -LRB- good for me because I prefer the wide shoe -RRB- . On a scale of 1 - 10 , 1 being poor , and 10 best , I rate this product a 10 !
 When I got these shoes I thought they were great . I put them on and they had great room for the toes and also felt great on the feet . I got the green one and the green color looked alot better in person than on the website . I loved the color!The only thing I see wrong with these shoes is the paint or what ever it is starts to come off very quickly where your laces are in the middle . Another thing is on the back the thing that says 3N2 peels right off and does n't stay on . I do like the product but there needs to be something done about these problems !
 Initially , I thought shoes were a little tight -LRB- hard -RRB- and not flexible . I put them on before the game , and before playing , I thought it would take some effort to break in . Maybe wear them around the house 2/3 times then decide to send back or work with them.Then , I put them on & practiced for an hour or two , and remembered that these may be the most comfortable softball shoe that I have worn over the last 5 - 10 years.This is my second or third pair of the same 3N2 shoes . I purchased from different companies . Shoes are soft , comfortable , flexible , with high top , -LRB- the way I like them for extra support -RRB- a little wide -LRB- good for me because I prefer the wide shoe -RRB- . On a scale of 1 - 10 , 1 being poor , and 10 best , I rate this product a 10 !
 When I got these shoes I thought they were great . I put them on and they had great room for the toes and also felt great on the feet . I got the green one and the green color looked alot better in person than on the website . I loved the color!The only thing I see wrong with these shoes is the paint or what ever it is starts to come off very quickly where your laces are in the middle . Another thing is on the back the thing that says 3N2 peels right off and does n't stay on . I do like the product but there needs to be something done about these problems !
 I bought this shoe in mimosa and navy . I need the wide width . The sizing was very true.I am very satisfied with this shoe and highly recommend to anyone needing the wider widths.N.Mayo
 I love this shoe . It 's dressy , but casual enough for every day summer wear , and it 's comfortable for walking around every day . I bought one years ago at a retail store , then when they started breaking down I tried to find another shoe that fit the casual-dressy-comfortable category and could n't find anything else that came close . I found these here , and ordered the same ones I had before , and am very happy about it . Just wish they had the other colors in stock for size 6 !
 Very nice shoe it would be great if this style came in more colors . Shoes are comfortable and sturdy , great for walking .
 I ordered the Mimosa sandal in 7E Camel . It is true to size and comfortable . I love the style , looks dressy even as a low heel . The footpad inside is man-made material , but with stockings it is comfortable . Too bad the footpad is n't microfiber or something like that .
 very comfortable shoe . I have worn these for many years & have many colors . Good with casual or dressy . I was so happy I found the black again . For a long time they were n't available .
 This is a perfect sandal for dress or casual . I needed a navy pair to wear when I am working conferences and these are great . They are comfortable and look very neat with dresses or suits .
 This LifeStride shoe is one of the most comfortable shoes I have ever had - I like it so much I have it in three different colors . Even after wearing it all day my feet are feeling great . You ca n't go wrong with this shoe .
 I had a pair of shoes like these that I wore until they nearly fell apart . They were so very comfortable , and worked well with different types of outfits , including shorts and capris . The only problem , -LRB- which other people have mentioned -RRB- , is that they do tend to run narrow , so I would suggest buying them a width wider than you normally do.For a relatively inexpensive shoe , I think that they are a great value.Addendum
 I know these shoes are made of non-leather materials and usually would not even have tried them because of that . But , once on , they are the most moldable , soft , well fitting and supportive sandals I have . I have a complaint about the black rubber sole and stacked heel - the rubber is too soft and the back of the heel mars very easily . Another complaint is that they are so hard to find ! I have several pairs and will keep looking ...
 I purchased shoes from Overstock.com and the shoes were perfect . They arrived on time and the fit was exact . Will certainly order from the manufacturer again .
 I previously owned a pair of these sandals -LRB- over 5 years ago -RRB- which I really liked , but for some reason they no longer fit confortably . I decided to order them in a wide width thinking that might be the problem now that I no longer wear high heels , but more casual , loose fitting shoes . My new sandals fit beautifully . I can wear them all day long in complete comfort . I 'm really glad I gave them a second try because I really like the style and have always thought them to be an attractive shoe too .
 I do not ususally order shoes but I was very pleased with this purchase and Peltz Shoes . The shoes were shipped immediatley and I received them within 3 days . Would purchase from them again . Thanks
 I was disappointed that the color of the shoes looks more black than navy blue , but it does allow me to wear them with black or blue outfits . They are a little tight to start with , but with wear , I hope they will loosen a bit . Otherwise , they are fine .
 This is my second pair , in as many years . Comfortable , nice hieght and affordable .
 I have these sandals in five different colors . They are incredibly comfortable yet stylish , and can be worn with slacks or skirts for work or play . Although they are not leather , they look and feel just like it . Great for fashion-minded vegans or those looking for a comfortable , inexpensive sandal .
 Very comfortable and cute shoe . I wear a 9 AA and rarely find great colored shoes in my size . I bought these in aqua and am very happy with the fit and the look .
 I bought four pair of these in different colors . They are the SOFTEST shoes - they just hug your feet and feel like you 've slipped a soft little glove over your tootsies ! ;--RRB- I have long , narrow feet so being able to get them in my size was a plus as well . I am absolutely delighted with them .
 Very cute flat shoe . If your feet tend to swell however I would order a wide width . Other than that the shoe looks great with jeans or capri pants !
 I love these Life Stride Sandals . Can be worn when dressed up or casual . Very comfortable . Planning on purchasing more in several colors .
 I love these shoes and have them in blue , white and black . I find them very comfortable to walk in which I appreciate since I usually need orthodic inserts . fit true to size .
 I love these sandals and am unhappy that they are discontinued . If there are any out there in size 8 give me an email !
 I bought these shoes to wear to a wedding ... they were so comfortable I could have danced all night and nearly did !! Thank you !!
 Initially , I thought shoes were a little tight -LRB- hard -RRB- and not flexible . I put them on before the game , and before playing , I thought it would take some effort to break in . Maybe wear them around the house 2/3 times then decide to send back or work with them.Then , I put them on & practiced for an hour or two , and remembered that these may be the most comfortable softball shoe that I have worn over the last 5 - 10 years.This is my second or third pair of the same 3N2 shoes . I purchased from different companies . Shoes are soft , comfortable , flexible , with high top , -LRB- the way I like them for extra support -RRB- a little wide -LRB- good for me because I prefer the wide shoe -RRB- . On a scale of 1 - 10 , 1 being poor , and 10 best , I rate this product a 10 !
 When I got these shoes I thought they were great . I put them on and they had great room for the toes and also felt great on the feet . I got the green one and the green color looked alot better in person than on the website . I loved the color!The only thing I see wrong with these shoes is the paint or what ever it is starts to come off very quickly where your laces are in the middle . Another thing is on the back the thing that says 3N2 peels right off and does n't stay on . I do like the product but there needs to be something done about these problems !
 This boot is very attractive and the price was very competitive ; I saw it at two other retailers for more . My only complaint is that it is a bit narrow around the front of the shoe . I usually wear a size 8 and I purchased a size 8 which fits , but if you have wider feet or want a roomier fit , you may want to consider ordering a half size bigger . This boot is so cute ; it works with jeans and skirts . Overall , I 'm very pleased .
 I was over at a friends house . She handed me her new brown boots and told me to check them out while she goes in and puts on other jeans . I picked her boots up and put them on . I could n't believe that they fit me . I stood up and walked into the other room wearing them . They are very comfortable boots . I walked back into the other room to find my friend putting my cowboy boots on . They looked cute on her . I 've never worn ladies high heeled boots before but they were easy to walk in . My friend told me that she 's never had a guy wear her boots before but she told me that she likes how they look on me . I wear a mens 7.5 witch I 'm told is a ladies 9.5 Her boots are a 10 and fit perfectly on me . I forgot I was wearing them and ended up wearing them home . Yes ... they are that comfortable .
 This was my first purchase on Amazon and it was a great experience . I received the boots in a mannerable timeframe and boots exceeded my expectation . They are the perfect height , color and they are sooooo comfortable . I have worn them on numerous occations and have not had any issue with the comfort level . My only gripe is that they are out of stock and I would like to purchase several more pairs in different colors . So , overall they get 5 stars in my book . Hope this was helpful .
 I got them in black , very classy and sexy . Have not worn them outside yet , so can not comment on comfortability , however they look very comfortable and the heel is not that high .
 I bought the bag with the metal skull with spikes . It has room for my notebooks and etc. . The skull in front is really cool and people seem to be memorized by it when I 'm walking by . The strap is about one inch wide and is pretty long but can be adjusted . I found it to be well worth spent bag and one you 'd like to show off .
 I own a horse and dairy goat ranch . I wear out boots at the rate of usually one or two pairs a season . I bought a pair of these 14 '' Itasca Bayou boots , and I have worn them for THREE years ! This is through rain , below freezing temps for months on end , sheet ice and snow . Fantastic wear and performance ! No cracks , no leaks , the best most comfortable boot I have ever found . I am having trouble finding another pair , and I hope Amazon gets some in stock soon !
 I used these shoes while serving as a missionary for two years . I walked several miles every day and these shoes never broke down or wore out . They were like Cadillacs for my feet . The only thing that did wear out were the laces and those are cheap and easy to replace .
 I was on here a few months ago looking for this shoe as I have worn them for the past 10 years . While you ca n't get `` Havana Joe 's '' anymore , they are sold in Europe as `` Panama Jack . '' I got a new pair of black oxfords and they are exactly like my old brown , except in name .
 I bought these shoes to replace an identical previous pair . They are not real dressy but are fine for my work environment . I wear them almost every day . They are very durable and last a long time . They are a little bulky but that does n't bother me . I walk every day for about 30 minutes . These shoes provide good support and are comfortable to walk in . The heavy soles keep them from wearing out fast .
 I wore two pairs -LRB- one black and one brown -RRB- for the duration of a religious mission to the Philippines . I walked at least 20km per day over roads , hills , streams , rice fields , and dirt paths . They survived ocean waters and tropical downpours.Three years later , I still use one of them -LRB- resoled with airplane tire rubber -RRB- on a regular basis . A little spit and polish , and these shoes look great and survive forever . A great buy .
 Years ago , I was walking in a mall somewhere in the US when I first laid eyes on a pair of Havana Joes -- it was these classic oxford design . I thought they were pricey initially but I bought a pair then . They quickly became my favorite midrange shoes -- classy enough to go dining in most resturants wearing chinos and tough enough to go hiking in the woods . Over the years , I 've bought Havana Joe Chukkas in both brown and black and Oxfords in brown . The only thing these shoes could not withstand was multiple attacks by my girlfriend 's cat on a catnip overdose ... argh ! -LRB- I do n't have that girlfriend anymore and I 've set out to replace my Havana joes . I recently bought a pair of black oxfords from Amazon prompting this review.Pros : a -RRB- Wear like Iron -LRB- I have a 5 yr old pair that is still going -RRB- b -RRB- Look very nicec -RRB- Very versatile -LRB- from jeans to chinos -RRB- d -RRB- They come broken in -LRB- I think -RRB- e -RRB- They fit nice -LRB- they 're a bit wider than most shoes though -RRB- Cons : a -RRB- They 're heavyb -RRB- They 're so durable that they 'll out-endure your feet ... so if you walk on hard surfaces all day without a good pair of socks , you will get blisters on your feet ... on the other hand , I 've played 18 holes of golf with these and no blisters.c -RRB- They 're getting harder to find ... Amazon is one of the few places left in the States that carries Havana Joes.Overall , I ca n't say enough good things about these shoes . They 've been with me across Europe , the Middle East , Africa , Thailand , South America ... wherever I go , I take my Havana Joes as my Primary shoes , a pair of sneakers for heavy duty walking , and a pair of flip flops . In my Havana Joes , I feel that my feet are protected trekking across deserts and classy enough to sit down for a 5 course meal including dessert at most restaurants throughout the world . There are very few shoes out there that are this versatile and durable . Another reviewer labeled them `` The Sherman Tank of Dress Shoes , '' and I could n't agree more . Fantastic product.I 'm a big Indiana Jones fan and I just know that Dr. Jones wears Havana Joes both to lecture and on his world adventures and if the civilization ended tomorrow and somebody said , you can only take one pair of shoes , I 'd pick my Havana Joes -- because I know they 'd last for as long as I lived and would still look good.Get a Pair , Enjoy , and after you own a pair , hope that Amazon continues to carry these fantastic shoes . I bought from Amazon , shipped fast .
 I ca n't say enough good things about these shoes . I bought a pair while browsing in Nordstroms about 6-7 years ago and they are absolutely the best shoes I 've ever owned . Extremely comfortable and although they do n't feel as good as they once did , they still exceed any other shoes I 've ever worn.I am on my feet a lot at some of the work sites I visit and they were very , very comfortable . They are great in wet weather and wish I could find them again here in the U.S. , but they stopped selling them here . I wish they 'd start importing them again because I 'd buy two pairs they are that good . I know if I ever get to Spain again , I 'll be on the lookout for them .
 As a former Doc Marten 's shoe lover , I was very happy when I discovered this shoe at my local store.They 're fashionable and solid . I have large feet -LRB- size men 's US 12-13 , depending on the shoe -RRB- , and sometimes men 's leather shoes can look like clown 's shoes on my feet - not so with these . The shoes are tapered enough to be roomy but they look good even at larger sizes.It has a respectable tread , fits even when I put my insoles in them , and generally has taken all the abuse I can throw at it . For several years , these were the shoes I wore nearly every day . When one pair finally wore out , I just ordered the identical pair online and kept goin ' . Now the bad news
 Great overall shoe . I thought the shoes came with insoles at first but not a big problem . I bought them for their durability as I am on my feet a lot and need durable shoes . They are the `` Hummer '' of shoes but still fine for business casual wear with khakis and jeans . They do scuff easy but other than that I am very pleased with them .
 I am a Podiatrist in Central Pa. . The Havana Joe Oxford is dressy enough to be worn at my office and durable enough to be worn when working around my yard . They are comfortable , well made , and the best shoes I 've ever owned . I was upset that the Nordstroms I originally bought them at does not carry them anymore , but I 'm relieved that I can get a another pair on Amazon . I can recommend these shoes both professionally and personally !
 My parents bought me a pair of these for my mormon mission to Korea . I wore them 100 % of the time for 2 years straight . We walked everywhere over there -LRB- no bikes , or cars -RRB- to get from place to place . Sometimes I would cover close to 25 miles a day . All with these shoes . I wore them to pieces , but I would n't change them because of how comfortable and versatile they were . I wore them with shorts , levis , or my suit . I do n't know what happened to that pair -LRB- it was 15 years ago -RRB- , but they should be in a museum somewhere.I still wear them -LRB- a new pair -RRB- and I 'll continue to do so until someone makes a better shoe . I do n't think it 'll happen any time soon .
 A fabulous pair of shoes . Very comfortable and in the usually excellent workmanship of Clarks.However , I bought an Escalade before this one and I think I prefer that one . Your foot sits more deeply in it and hence it fits more suggly . Be that as it may , this is marginal and I still give this one the full heads up it deserves.It 's a great dress shoe .
 The advice to go a half size smaller provides a good fit for the feet in these boots , but then the calf can be too tight . Otherwise , these boots were as pictured and described . I like them .
 Love Frye boots , first pair lasted 40 + years and were n't repairable . Ordered the same style although my first pair had more of a squared toe compared to my new pair . Had to get this pair stretched since my right foot is wider than the left foot due to years of point Ballet classes and three broken toes from dirt bike tip over . Still doing a break in routine which is working . Had to drive to Berkeley , Calif. , about 25 miles from Walnut Creek , to try on a pair for a size reference . An 8 1/2 was too long , my old pair was size 8 so that 's what I ordered . Length is perfect , width will get where it should be as leather gets broken in .
 I was a little afraid of spending the money but believe me they are worth it ! They are very comfortable , fit well -LRB- I ordered my normal size and they come about 3 inches below my knee -RRB- , and soooo stylish . I wear them with dresses , jeans , even under khaki pants . I have had many people ask me about them , in fact a girl at a restaurant the other night approached me just to tell me she loved my boots ! They are very well made and will last forever . I highly encourage every woman to purchase a pair !!!
 I got these boots in blazer brown - love the darker color , which is a little more formal than the Saddle color -LRB- which is also very cute -RRB- , but still goes with lots of things . Like other reviews say , order at least 1/2 size down . I usually wear 7-7 .5 and I got these in 6.5 , and they fit great - a little tight at first but they stretched out just right . I have average-sized calves -LRB- I think -RRB- and the shaft is just right for me for wearing with leggings or skinny jeans . These might be too snug for someone bigger calves.Overall , I love these boots and get lots of compliments . This is my first pair of Fryes and so far they are worth the money !
 Boots came in time . Color
 I love the boots . They were sold out here in LA , nordstroms no longer had my size . I found them on amazon , they were the perfect boot ! They were delivered quickly , they look great . Much better in person then on the website . I was so happy with my experience .
 I was eyeing these for a while ... a long while , during which time I bought 2 other pairs of boots -LRB- not Fryes -RRB- and I returned them for being bulky and/or uncomfortable and cheaply made ... so I finally took the financial plunge and am very happy I did.These are solid , well made -LRB- in USA ! -RRB- and very cute with a skirt or jeans , I get a lot of comments on them ... they make me feel good wearing them and my feet feel good too -LRB- they are comfortable on their own but for long days there 's also room for my orthodics ! -RRB- I usually where an 8-81/2 and I bought an 8 based on other reviews that say they run big , the 8 's fit great ... . and now I am going to buy myself a pair in black . Although one downside is that I live in Canada and they are n't shipped here so I need to wait for my next trip south to get themI gave them 4 stars instead of 5 since I have n't had them long enough to know how they hold up with time , but so far so good !
 I love these boots - so glad I finally bought a pair ! The fit is very true to size , glad I did n't order up . They were tight on the first wear , perfect after that . Great investment !
 I love the boot but they did take some time to break in . I found they run a 1/2 size big . I usually wear a size 8 - I ended up having to return the 8 for a 7.5 .
 I bought these and the Veronica Frye slouch . These are much sturdier than those . They do n't look good with skinny jeans but great with boot cut . They are going to be awesome this winter , and many winters to come . The smell is wonderful , I love opening up the closet and catching a whiff , no more stinky closet smell . I wish the brown were a little darker but overall I am very satisfied with these . You ca n't go wrong purchasing a pair of campus frye boots .
 Great construction and looks . Like other reviewers , I recommend buying one half size larger . I 'm small , 5 ' 4 '' and 115 pounds , but the boots were too tight in the calf for me to wear anything other than the thinest tights .
 I was surprised to find out how light these moccasins felt . They are so soft and comfortable ! You hardly realize you are wearing them . These are a nice shoe to wear on the hot days of summer . Highly recommend them .
 I bought these because I wanted a pair of flats similar to my red charles david platforms . They are perfect for those times when you just do n't feel like wearing heels ... very very cute . Sizing comments
 I love all of the Mia shoes this one is so comfortable , cute and dresses up a white t-shirt with blue jean shorts/pants . They fit true to size , I also purchased them in black leather . I love these shoes The price was terrific and I am completely satisfied .
 I love these shoes the shipping was super fast . And the shoes were just as I hoped they would look and feel like :-RRB- Not cheaply made or flimsy at all ... and they look amazing with skinny jeans !!!!
 I have these in black , and just had to have them in red , they are very comfortable , and look rel good with skinny jeans and skirts .
 These are very good shoes , comfortable and non-squeaky -LRB- which always seems to be an issue with patent leather . -RRB- I would give them a five except they have a very small , barely noticeable little pooch that shows up at the very top of the shoe when worn . They would be perfect without it , and the pooch probably wo n't show up if you have a differently-shaped foot .
 These flats are very pretty , both classy and comfortable . They make feet look smaller . I also like the small peep-toe , usually too much toe is exposed , but not with this shoe . Highly recommended !
 This shoe is absolutely true to size . It is adorable and comfortable . Goes great with skirts and little sweaters for the spring and summer .
 I had been looking for a shoe this style for months.I finally found them at a great price and bought the red and black ones . They look great with animal print/solid color tops and skinny jeans . Downside - a little narrow for people with wider feet . -LRB- edges will take time to stretch out -RRB- Shipping was very fast ! Overall cute shoe for the summer and spring
 totally cute and versatile . They go with almost any outfit . Very comfortable , but a little slippery on the sole .
 I expected quality boots at this price and from a company thats famous for boots but this purchase was disappointment . The steel toe very uncomfortable to walk . Look somewhere else or in pay-less shoe store .
 My son loves his new shoes - convenient and his style . Plan to buy myselt a pair . Thank you for the opportunity to review .
 My husband has always liked Clarks . I got him these for Christmas and he loved them .
 I love these sandals . Extremely comfortable and cute too . All the comfort of the higher end Birky type sandal , yet not as clunky looking . This shoe was an old friend the minute it met my foot .
 I love these sandals . they are so comfortable to wear . The can be worn with everything . Wish I could find more good products like this one .
 The shoes are pretty nice ... they are not amazingly comfortable but come close ... I dont really thing there is anything better out there for the same price .
 This shoe is great to wear with jeans or a skirt/dress . It is comfy and stylish.You ca n't go wrong with any shoe from Donald J. Pliner .
 I love the shoes . They look cute on my feet . size does run a little bit small
 This is a quality leather shoe purchased to be worn with a school uniform . The price was reasonable , and the shipping prompt . I did not get a chance to use customer service because we had no problems with the sizing-it is true .
 These boots are comfortable from the very beginning . The leather is soft , supple and water resistannt , yet thick enough to provide adequate support . Fit is true to size and the black rubber sole blends perfectly with the black leather . The insole is removable , but not very substantial . At least it can be easily removed and replaced with a better insole . I would have liked to have seen speed-lace grommets for easier on/off capability and maybe a greater number lace pattern than the four this shoe provides . Other than that , it 's a great shoe for the money , and I have yet to lose an inch square chunk from my sole , as the previous rater experienced .
 I Got mine on clearence at Sports Authority for $ 75 !!!!!!!!!! Feel like they were broke in out of the box . Really comfortable and lightweight
 I have a foot that is wide in the front and narrow in the back . These Danner 's in EE are PERFECT with a pair of good heavy wool socks . They 're light as anything and great to walk in from the very start . As they are not re-solable they may not be great for heavy users , but for the few times a year that I 'll use them the certainly do the trick . I plan on buying another insulated pair in 1000 gram thinsulate for cold weather . I highly recommend these boots for hunting .
 Light weight and great fit . Not very good in steep terrain , needs better traction on soles . I would buy again .
 This line of boots came highly recommended to me , I second that opinion . Used them for 4 days straight on an AZ dove hunt . Outside temps ranged from mid 80s to 115 degrees . Sure it was hot but my feet were comfortable and after being on my feet all day long , I did n't have any complaints . They did take a couple of hikes prior to my hunt to break in , but they softened up quite nice . Boot has great traction on various terrain . Quality built . Would recommend to anyone . I have the uninsulated model but you should consider insulated ones if you hunt in cooler climates than I do .
 At first these boots were very stiff and actually hurt my feet but after 10-15 times wearing them they became some of the best walking/hiking boot that I have ever worn . I have owned these boots for a couple of months now and so far they are extemely water proof and durable . I use these boots for work , I am constantly on my feet and in the mud and they are very soft on my feet . I will buy another pair to use for early season hunting !
 I 've had Danner hikers years ago that wore great and fit like a glove immediately . This pair of boots took over 6 hours of field wear to start to feel like they were getting broke-in . I had blisters on the heels after 2 hours . Now , they 're pretty good but not the great fit from my first pair made in USA . These are imports from China . After hunting in grass for a few days , the brown dye wore off the toe box area and they look like they 're already 2 yrs old . Good support . Size and width are good to fit . The soles are slippery on wet rocks and wet down timber . Both full length and 3/4 length orthotics fit well inside . I like them but now , I 'm not sold on these Danners .
 First shoes I 've ever purchased on the internet . They are comfortable and classy with a true fit .
 I purchased a pair of 6 '' normal toe grizzlies back in Jan of 1998 . Since then , I have replaced the insoles about every 6 months . I used to spend 50-55 hours a week on concrete working with pallets , iron pipe , concretemix , anything else you could beat on in a warehouse . Since then I 'm only pushing 40 hours but it 's the same stuff . These boots have always been comfortable . Friday , I tore the left boot really bad in a workplace incident . I 'm getting another pair tomorrow , no other boot will do . Period . Just talked to the same guy that sold me the boots six years ago . G&L Clothing knows their stuff !
 This is the second pair of Carolina boots I have bought.They are well made and fit great.The first pair I bought lasted almost 5 years with daily use.They are still in good enough shape to wear around my place.The old pair had no problems.No broken eyelets , no broken laces , and the soles are still in good shape.I will continue to buy Carolina boots.American made as an added bonus .
 The Kenneth Cole Reaction Boys ' Slip-On is a wonderful shoe . The price was great .
 I Got mine on clearence at Sports Authority for $ 75 !!!!!!!!!! Feel like they were broke in out of the box . Really comfortable and lightweight
 I have a foot that is wide in the front and narrow in the back . These Danner 's in EE are PERFECT with a pair of good heavy wool socks . They 're light as anything and great to walk in from the very start . As they are not re-solable they may not be great for heavy users , but for the few times a year that I 'll use them the certainly do the trick . I plan on buying another insulated pair in 1000 gram thinsulate for cold weather . I highly recommend these boots for hunting .
 Light weight and great fit . Not very good in steep terrain , needs better traction on soles . I would buy again .
 This line of boots came highly recommended to me , I second that opinion . Used them for 4 days straight on an AZ dove hunt . Outside temps ranged from mid 80s to 115 degrees . Sure it was hot but my feet were comfortable and after being on my feet all day long , I did n't have any complaints . They did take a couple of hikes prior to my hunt to break in , but they softened up quite nice . Boot has great traction on various terrain . Quality built . Would recommend to anyone . I have the uninsulated model but you should consider insulated ones if you hunt in cooler climates than I do .
 At first these boots were very stiff and actually hurt my feet but after 10-15 times wearing them they became some of the best walking/hiking boot that I have ever worn . I have owned these boots for a couple of months now and so far they are extemely water proof and durable . I use these boots for work , I am constantly on my feet and in the mud and they are very soft on my feet . I will buy another pair to use for early season hunting !
 I 've had Danner hikers years ago that wore great and fit like a glove immediately . This pair of boots took over 6 hours of field wear to start to feel like they were getting broke-in . I had blisters on the heels after 2 hours . Now , they 're pretty good but not the great fit from my first pair made in USA . These are imports from China . After hunting in grass for a few days , the brown dye wore off the toe box area and they look like they 're already 2 yrs old . Good support . Size and width are good to fit . The soles are slippery on wet rocks and wet down timber . Both full length and 3/4 length orthotics fit well inside . I like them but now , I 'm not sold on these Danners .
 I Got mine on clearence at Sports Authority for $ 75 !!!!!!!!!! Feel like they were broke in out of the box . Really comfortable and lightweight
 I have a foot that is wide in the front and narrow in the back . These Danner 's in EE are PERFECT with a pair of good heavy wool socks . They 're light as anything and great to walk in from the very start . As they are not re-solable they may not be great for heavy users , but for the few times a year that I 'll use them the certainly do the trick . I plan on buying another insulated pair in 1000 gram thinsulate for cold weather . I highly recommend these boots for hunting .
 Light weight and great fit . Not very good in steep terrain , needs better traction on soles . I would buy again .
 This line of boots came highly recommended to me , I second that opinion . Used them for 4 days straight on an AZ dove hunt . Outside temps ranged from mid 80s to 115 degrees . Sure it was hot but my feet were comfortable and after being on my feet all day long , I did n't have any complaints . They did take a couple of hikes prior to my hunt to break in , but they softened up quite nice . Boot has great traction on various terrain . Quality built . Would recommend to anyone . I have the uninsulated model but you should consider insulated ones if you hunt in cooler climates than I do .
 At first these boots were very stiff and actually hurt my feet but after 10-15 times wearing them they became some of the best walking/hiking boot that I have ever worn . I have owned these boots for a couple of months now and so far they are extemely water proof and durable . I use these boots for work , I am constantly on my feet and in the mud and they are very soft on my feet . I will buy another pair to use for early season hunting !
 I 've had Danner hikers years ago that wore great and fit like a glove immediately . This pair of boots took over 6 hours of field wear to start to feel like they were getting broke-in . I had blisters on the heels after 2 hours . Now , they 're pretty good but not the great fit from my first pair made in USA . These are imports from China . After hunting in grass for a few days , the brown dye wore off the toe box area and they look like they 're already 2 yrs old . Good support . Size and width are good to fit . The soles are slippery on wet rocks and wet down timber . Both full length and 3/4 length orthotics fit well inside . I like them but now , I 'm not sold on these Danners .
 extremely durable oxfords , universal shoes-great with dress slacks to jeans - clean styled boot toe . Comfortable street shoe . Like 'em lots .
 I bought two pairs of Havana Joe shoes about five years ago . They are very supportive in the arch area and extremely comfortable shoe to wear . They cost a little more than the average shoe but the comfort level is worth the extra cost . The shoes hold up well because of the materials used and the craftmenship that goes into the product . After five years I replaced them with the same exact shoe . Two pairs purchased were black and the other brown men 's Havana Joe Waterproof Oxford 's .
 hola todo fino Excelenteeeeee muy hola todo fino gustaooo muchoooooo everything right all excellent recommendy poreque esta muy buernono em ha llegadotodo bien lo recomiendobuenoooooooooooooooooooo recomendado
 hola todo fino Excelenteeeeee muy hola todo fino gustaooo muchoooooo everything right all excellent recommendy poreque esta muy buernono em ha llegadotodo bien lo recomiendobuenoooooooooooooooooooo recomendado
 I Got mine on clearence at Sports Authority for $ 75 !!!!!!!!!! Feel like they were broke in out of the box . Really comfortable and lightweight
 I have a foot that is wide in the front and narrow in the back . These Danner 's in EE are PERFECT with a pair of good heavy wool socks . They 're light as anything and great to walk in from the very start . As they are not re-solable they may not be great for heavy users , but for the few times a year that I 'll use them the certainly do the trick . I plan on buying another insulated pair in 1000 gram thinsulate for cold weather . I highly recommend these boots for hunting .
 Light weight and great fit . Not very good in steep terrain , needs better traction on soles . I would buy again .
 This line of boots came highly recommended to me , I second that opinion . Used them for 4 days straight on an AZ dove hunt . Outside temps ranged from mid 80s to 115 degrees . Sure it was hot but my feet were comfortable and after being on my feet all day long , I did n't have any complaints . They did take a couple of hikes prior to my hunt to break in , but they softened up quite nice . Boot has great traction on various terrain . Quality built . Would recommend to anyone . I have the uninsulated model but you should consider insulated ones if you hunt in cooler climates than I do .
 At first these boots were very stiff and actually hurt my feet but after 10-15 times wearing them they became some of the best walking/hiking boot that I have ever worn . I have owned these boots for a couple of months now and so far they are extemely water proof and durable . I use these boots for work , I am constantly on my feet and in the mud and they are very soft on my feet . I will buy another pair to use for early season hunting !
 I 've had Danner hikers years ago that wore great and fit like a glove immediately . This pair of boots took over 6 hours of field wear to start to feel like they were getting broke-in . I had blisters on the heels after 2 hours . Now , they 're pretty good but not the great fit from my first pair made in USA . These are imports from China . After hunting in grass for a few days , the brown dye wore off the toe box area and they look like they 're already 2 yrs old . Good support . Size and width are good to fit . The soles are slippery on wet rocks and wet down timber . Both full length and 3/4 length orthotics fit well inside . I like them but now , I 'm not sold on these Danners .
 I bought these shoes to wear with my Hickey Freeman suit as I wanted to try something from traditional cap-toe oxfords . I have to say I love the style , but I 'd classify them more as dress casual than dress formal . I 'll still probably need to find another pair of dressier oxfords to wear with my suit , but for gray slacks these are perfect .
 I liked these shoes the moment I saw them . They arrived promptly and fit very well .
 Nice dress shoe . Bought in brown . Hard to find a brown shoe that is dressy and conservative enough to go with a business suit and yet still adds some style to the look . This shoe satisfies that need .
 I Got mine on clearence at Sports Authority for $ 75 !!!!!!!!!! Feel like they were broke in out of the box . Really comfortable and lightweight
 I have a foot that is wide in the front and narrow in the back . These Danner 's in EE are PERFECT with a pair of good heavy wool socks . They 're light as anything and great to walk in from the very start . As they are not re-solable they may not be great for heavy users , but for the few times a year that I 'll use them the certainly do the trick . I plan on buying another insulated pair in 1000 gram thinsulate for cold weather . I highly recommend these boots for hunting .
 Light weight and great fit . Not very good in steep terrain , needs better traction on soles . I would buy again .
 This line of boots came highly recommended to me , I second that opinion . Used them for 4 days straight on an AZ dove hunt . Outside temps ranged from mid 80s to 115 degrees . Sure it was hot but my feet were comfortable and after being on my feet all day long , I did n't have any complaints . They did take a couple of hikes prior to my hunt to break in , but they softened up quite nice . Boot has great traction on various terrain . Quality built . Would recommend to anyone . I have the uninsulated model but you should consider insulated ones if you hunt in cooler climates than I do .
 At first these boots were very stiff and actually hurt my feet but after 10-15 times wearing them they became some of the best walking/hiking boot that I have ever worn . I have owned these boots for a couple of months now and so far they are extemely water proof and durable . I use these boots for work , I am constantly on my feet and in the mud and they are very soft on my feet . I will buy another pair to use for early season hunting !
 I 've had Danner hikers years ago that wore great and fit like a glove immediately . This pair of boots took over 6 hours of field wear to start to feel like they were getting broke-in . I had blisters on the heels after 2 hours . Now , they 're pretty good but not the great fit from my first pair made in USA . These are imports from China . After hunting in grass for a few days , the brown dye wore off the toe box area and they look like they 're already 2 yrs old . Good support . Size and width are good to fit . The soles are slippery on wet rocks and wet down timber . Both full length and 3/4 length orthotics fit well inside . I like them but now , I 'm not sold on these Danners .
 These boots are great . My husband swears it 's like not wearing shoes at all . They are tough and withstand his job as a groundsman for a tree company . Outstanding . You ca n't go wrong with Tims .
 I love these shoes . They are very comfortable , and people compliment me about these shoes all the time .
 good morningthe excellence of the purchase is that I arrive in the estimated time and are products that people want to buy is a great way to buy cards by providing this optionto shop and provide good service and hope to continue buying the best of you waiting felicitacciones
 These are the most comfortable timberlands my husband has ever had ... He loves and wants another pair for work he said its worth it !!
 My husband is so pleased with these boots . He loves timberland and we were so lucky they had his size . Absolute great buy .
 Timberland Men 's Euro Hiker Boot , Grey/Grey ,9.5 M US great boots for work or very day life very comfortable , worm and soft inside great boots for fare value .
 I love how comfortable they feel on my feet . I did forget that Timberland 's are usually sized a bit large when compared to shoes . Normally I 'm a size 12 shoe but only in Timberland 's I would be a size 11 . Luckily for me I ordered a 11.5 size so it was n't bad enough for me to return . Just have to lace them up tighter but still not an issue when it comes to them being comfortable and durable . It did take me a couple of days to break them in so now the size issue is none existent .
 Hi , I 'm from Colombia , it is the first time that I buy in Amazon and the product that I received was in conditions excelents , I 'm very excited with the product !!! Timberland Men 's Euro Hiker Boot , Grey/Grey ,7 M US
 The product was is in great quality as expected from the Timberland brand . The only issue I had was that the shoe came looking new from the outside whole the inside showed sines of wear -LRB- dirt scuffs , sand , etc. -RRB- which disappointed me since the shoe was a gift for a loved one . The shoes are comfortable and well supported as reported to me . Be careful when you go with white . Stains only come off if you clean them right away . Scuffs are easily noticeable and near impossible to get off . The colors in the pictures on Amazon are very accurate.I would definitely buy them again and would reccommend it to others .
 This great outdoor shoes , has a very price-quality relation . Are you loocking for a outdoor shoes ??? . Look at that . Confortable and good price .
 hola todo fino Excelenteeeeee muy hola todo fino gustaooo muchoooooo everything right all excellent recommendy poreque esta muy buernono em ha llegadotodo bien lo recomiendobuenoooooooooooooooooooo recomendado
 Last season 's metallic foil rage is nothing new-but ever exciting ! This look is classic ! - from shoes to belts to handbags . This particular item is dressy enough for formal occasions , with its simple elegance and classic features .
 hola todo fino Excelenteeeeee muy hola todo fino gustaooo muchoooooo everything right all excellent recommendy poreque esta muy buernono em ha llegadotodo bien lo recomiendobuenoooooooooooooooooooo recomendado
 This shoe is great , I got the black leather color and I absolutely love these shoes . They seem well made and as if they will last for a while - considering the way I trash my shoes from constantly being on the go , that is a good sign!Three things I do n't like :1 . If you do n't wear socks with them -LRB- who likes to wear socks with MARY JANE style shoes ?! -RRB- the footbed , which is stitched leather , gets a little slippery and nasty . Not sure if there is a spray or something to correct that , but be warned ! 2 . The straps that buckle -LRB- mostly for aesthetic appearance -RRB- can be too tight , and rub a little bit on the top of your foot . I tried loosening mine , but they did n't loosen much . It is a minor aggravation , and probably just depends upon the foot - some may not push against those straps the same way .3 . They do look a tad bit gramma-ish -LRB- I 'm 21 -RRB- , but if you wear a good pair of flare/boot-cut jeans that are long enough to cover the big chunky heel a bit , no one will know the difference!All in all , ADORABLE , COMFORTABLE , and GOOD QUALITY!This review was written by a Seattle-ite . -LRB- My shoes seem to do well in my city . -RRB-
 This is a really great shoe . The leather is really soft and high quality and the shoe is very comfy . It is true though that it fits a bit big . I usually wear a 6 or 6.5 and the 6 was even a little big on me . The width is good though . Plenty of room . Otherwise a good value .
 My son will not take off this sneakers . He has been wearing them everyday . Someone help !!! I got my money 's worth ; now you go and buy them and get your money worth . He loves his Reebok S Carter Bball Low sneakers . I love them too .
 This is a very nice shoes and I had this so cheap , and it 's so comfortable , good job by reebok .
 hola todo fino Excelenteeeeee muy hola todo fino gustaooo muchoooooo everything right all excellent recommendy poreque esta muy buernono em ha llegadotodo bien lo recomiendobuenoooooooooooooooooooo recomendado
 hola todo fino Excelenteeeeee muy hola todo fino gustaooo muchoooooo everything right all excellent recommendy poreque esta muy buernono em ha llegadotodo bien lo recomiendobuenoooooooooooooooooooo recomendado
 hola todo fino Excelenteeeeee muy hola todo fino gustaooo muchoooooo everything right all excellent recommendy poreque esta muy buernono em ha llegadotodo bien lo recomiendobuenoooooooooooooooooooo recomendado
 I Got mine on clearence at Sports Authority for $ 75 !!!!!!!!!! Feel like they were broke in out of the box . Really comfortable and lightweight
 I have a foot that is wide in the front and narrow in the back . These Danner 's in EE are PERFECT with a pair of good heavy wool socks . They 're light as anything and great to walk in from the very start . As they are not re-solable they may not be great for heavy users , but for the few times a year that I 'll use them the certainly do the trick . I plan on buying another insulated pair in 1000 gram thinsulate for cold weather . I highly recommend these boots for hunting .
 Light weight and great fit . Not very good in steep terrain , needs better traction on soles . I would buy again .
 This line of boots came highly recommended to me , I second that opinion . Used them for 4 days straight on an AZ dove hunt . Outside temps ranged from mid 80s to 115 degrees . Sure it was hot but my feet were comfortable and after being on my feet all day long , I did n't have any complaints . They did take a couple of hikes prior to my hunt to break in , but they softened up quite nice . Boot has great traction on various terrain . Quality built . Would recommend to anyone . I have the uninsulated model but you should consider insulated ones if you hunt in cooler climates than I do .
 At first these boots were very stiff and actually hurt my feet but after 10-15 times wearing them they became some of the best walking/hiking boot that I have ever worn . I have owned these boots for a couple of months now and so far they are extemely water proof and durable . I use these boots for work , I am constantly on my feet and in the mud and they are very soft on my feet . I will buy another pair to use for early season hunting !
 I 've had Danner hikers years ago that wore great and fit like a glove immediately . This pair of boots took over 6 hours of field wear to start to feel like they were getting broke-in . I had blisters on the heels after 2 hours . Now , they 're pretty good but not the great fit from my first pair made in USA . These are imports from China . After hunting in grass for a few days , the brown dye wore off the toe box area and they look like they 're already 2 yrs old . Good support . Size and width are good to fit . The soles are slippery on wet rocks and wet down timber . Both full length and 3/4 length orthotics fit well inside . I like them but now , I 'm not sold on these Danners .
 I Got mine on clearence at Sports Authority for $ 75 !!!!!!!!!! Feel like they were broke in out of the box . Really comfortable and lightweight
 I have a foot that is wide in the front and narrow in the back . These Danner 's in EE are PERFECT with a pair of good heavy wool socks . They 're light as anything and great to walk in from the very start . As they are not re-solable they may not be great for heavy users , but for the few times a year that I 'll use them the certainly do the trick . I plan on buying another insulated pair in 1000 gram thinsulate for cold weather . I highly recommend these boots for hunting .
 Light weight and great fit . Not very good in steep terrain , needs better traction on soles . I would buy again .
 This line of boots came highly recommended to me , I second that opinion . Used them for 4 days straight on an AZ dove hunt . Outside temps ranged from mid 80s to 115 degrees . Sure it was hot but my feet were comfortable and after being on my feet all day long , I did n't have any complaints . They did take a couple of hikes prior to my hunt to break in , but they softened up quite nice . Boot has great traction on various terrain . Quality built . Would recommend to anyone . I have the uninsulated model but you should consider insulated ones if you hunt in cooler climates than I do .
 At first these boots were very stiff and actually hurt my feet but after 10-15 times wearing them they became some of the best walking/hiking boot that I have ever worn . I have owned these boots for a couple of months now and so far they are extemely water proof and durable . I use these boots for work , I am constantly on my feet and in the mud and they are very soft on my feet . I will buy another pair to use for early season hunting !
 I 've had Danner hikers years ago that wore great and fit like a glove immediately . This pair of boots took over 6 hours of field wear to start to feel like they were getting broke-in . I had blisters on the heels after 2 hours . Now , they 're pretty good but not the great fit from my first pair made in USA . These are imports from China . After hunting in grass for a few days , the brown dye wore off the toe box area and they look like they 're already 2 yrs old . Good support . Size and width are good to fit . The soles are slippery on wet rocks and wet down timber . Both full length and 3/4 length orthotics fit well inside . I like them but now , I 'm not sold on these Danners .
 I Got mine on clearence at Sports Authority for $ 75 !!!!!!!!!! Feel like they were broke in out of the box . Really comfortable and lightweight
 I have a foot that is wide in the front and narrow in the back . These Danner 's in EE are PERFECT with a pair of good heavy wool socks . They 're light as anything and great to walk in from the very start . As they are not re-solable they may not be great for heavy users , but for the few times a year that I 'll use them the certainly do the trick . I plan on buying another insulated pair in 1000 gram thinsulate for cold weather . I highly recommend these boots for hunting .
 Light weight and great fit . Not very good in steep terrain , needs better traction on soles . I would buy again .
 This line of boots came highly recommended to me , I second that opinion . Used them for 4 days straight on an AZ dove hunt . Outside temps ranged from mid 80s to 115 degrees . Sure it was hot but my feet were comfortable and after being on my feet all day long , I did n't have any complaints . They did take a couple of hikes prior to my hunt to break in , but they softened up quite nice . Boot has great traction on various terrain . Quality built . Would recommend to anyone . I have the uninsulated model but you should consider insulated ones if you hunt in cooler climates than I do .
 At first these boots were very stiff and actually hurt my feet but after 10-15 times wearing them they became some of the best walking/hiking boot that I have ever worn . I have owned these boots for a couple of months now and so far they are extemely water proof and durable . I use these boots for work , I am constantly on my feet and in the mud and they are very soft on my feet . I will buy another pair to use for early season hunting !
 I 've had Danner hikers years ago that wore great and fit like a glove immediately . This pair of boots took over 6 hours of field wear to start to feel like they were getting broke-in . I had blisters on the heels after 2 hours . Now , they 're pretty good but not the great fit from my first pair made in USA . These are imports from China . After hunting in grass for a few days , the brown dye wore off the toe box area and they look like they 're already 2 yrs old . Good support . Size and width are good to fit . The soles are slippery on wet rocks and wet down timber . Both full length and 3/4 length orthotics fit well inside . I like them but now , I 'm not sold on these Danners .
 Estos zapatos son super comodos , muy utiles y se pueden usar en cualquier situaci&oacute;n . Una de las mejores compras que he hecho en Amazon .
 hola todo fino Excelenteeeeee muy hola todo fino gustaooo muchoooooo everything right all excellent recommendy poreque esta muy buernono em ha llegadotodo bien lo recomiendobuenoooooooooooooooooooo recomendado
 hola todo fino Excelenteeeeee muy hola todo fino gustaooo muchoooooo everything right all excellent recommendy poreque esta muy buernono em ha llegadotodo bien lo recomiendobuenoooooooooooooooooooo recomendado
 My son will not take off this sneakers . He has been wearing them everyday . Someone help !!! I got my money 's worth ; now you go and buy them and get your money worth . He loves his Reebok S Carter Bball Low sneakers . I love them too .
 This is a very nice shoes and I had this so cheap , and it 's so comfortable , good job by reebok .
 You will find this fine Florsheim loafer elsewhere for anywhere from $ 175 to $ 225 . Florsheimsize runs a little longer than others . For example my Florsheim 13D is a good half inch longer than my Georgio Brutini 13D . My Florsheim 13D is about the same size as my Gucci 14D .
 I Got mine on clearence at Sports Authority for $ 75 !!!!!!!!!! Feel like they were broke in out of the box . Really comfortable and lightweight
 I have a foot that is wide in the front and narrow in the back . These Danner 's in EE are PERFECT with a pair of good heavy wool socks . They 're light as anything and great to walk in from the very start . As they are not re-solable they may not be great for heavy users , but for the few times a year that I 'll use them the certainly do the trick . I plan on buying another insulated pair in 1000 gram thinsulate for cold weather . I highly recommend these boots for hunting .
 Light weight and great fit . Not very good in steep terrain , needs better traction on soles . I would buy again .
 This line of boots came highly recommended to me , I second that opinion . Used them for 4 days straight on an AZ dove hunt . Outside temps ranged from mid 80s to 115 degrees . Sure it was hot but my feet were comfortable and after being on my feet all day long , I did n't have any complaints . They did take a couple of hikes prior to my hunt to break in , but they softened up quite nice . Boot has great traction on various terrain . Quality built . Would recommend to anyone . I have the uninsulated model but you should consider insulated ones if you hunt in cooler climates than I do .
 At first these boots were very stiff and actually hurt my feet but after 10-15 times wearing them they became some of the best walking/hiking boot that I have ever worn . I have owned these boots for a couple of months now and so far they are extemely water proof and durable . I use these boots for work , I am constantly on my feet and in the mud and they are very soft on my feet . I will buy another pair to use for early season hunting !
 I 've had Danner hikers years ago that wore great and fit like a glove immediately . This pair of boots took over 6 hours of field wear to start to feel like they were getting broke-in . I had blisters on the heels after 2 hours . Now , they 're pretty good but not the great fit from my first pair made in USA . These are imports from China . After hunting in grass for a few days , the brown dye wore off the toe box area and they look like they 're already 2 yrs old . Good support . Size and width are good to fit . The soles are slippery on wet rocks and wet down timber . Both full length and 3/4 length orthotics fit well inside . I like them but now , I 'm not sold on these Danners .
 hola todo fino Excelenteeeeee muy hola todo fino gustaooo muchoooooo everything right all excellent recommendy poreque esta muy buernono em ha llegadotodo bien lo recomiendobuenoooooooooooooooooooo recomendado
 I Got mine on clearence at Sports Authority for $ 75 !!!!!!!!!! Feel like they were broke in out of the box . Really comfortable and lightweight
 I have a foot that is wide in the front and narrow in the back . These Danner 's in EE are PERFECT with a pair of good heavy wool socks . They 're light as anything and great to walk in from the very start . As they are not re-solable they may not be great for heavy users , but for the few times a year that I 'll use them the certainly do the trick . I plan on buying another insulated pair in 1000 gram thinsulate for cold weather . I highly recommend these boots for hunting .
 Light weight and great fit . Not very good in steep terrain , needs better traction on soles . I would buy again .
 This line of boots came highly recommended to me , I second that opinion . Used them for 4 days straight on an AZ dove hunt . Outside temps ranged from mid 80s to 115 degrees . Sure it was hot but my feet were comfortable and after being on my feet all day long , I did n't have any complaints . They did take a couple of hikes prior to my hunt to break in , but they softened up quite nice . Boot has great traction on various terrain . Quality built . Would recommend to anyone . I have the uninsulated model but you should consider insulated ones if you hunt in cooler climates than I do .
 At first these boots were very stiff and actually hurt my feet but after 10-15 times wearing them they became some of the best walking/hiking boot that I have ever worn . I have owned these boots for a couple of months now and so far they are extemely water proof and durable . I use these boots for work , I am constantly on my feet and in the mud and they are very soft on my feet . I will buy another pair to use for early season hunting !
 I 've had Danner hikers years ago that wore great and fit like a glove immediately . This pair of boots took over 6 hours of field wear to start to feel like they were getting broke-in . I had blisters on the heels after 2 hours . Now , they 're pretty good but not the great fit from my first pair made in USA . These are imports from China . After hunting in grass for a few days , the brown dye wore off the toe box area and they look like they 're already 2 yrs old . Good support . Size and width are good to fit . The soles are slippery on wet rocks and wet down timber . Both full length and 3/4 length orthotics fit well inside . I like them but now , I 'm not sold on these Danners .
 I do n't usually wear a shoe this flat , but these are just fantastic looking and comfortable .
 I purchased a pair of Men 's Loafers for my son that are pictured to the right . He is a musician who plays the upright bass , so he is on his feet all the time . Right out of the box , they were a perfect fit and did n't bother his feet at all , no blisters on his heels or toes . They are quite good looking as well .
 Bought this shoe for my spouse who fell in love with it the moment he saw it . He loves the color , the finish and states it 's very modern and stylish . Two days after receiving it , he unfortunately had to walk 5 miles in it , I was concerned that it would wear the bottom down , however he commented how the shoes made the walk easier as it was very comfortable and was a perfect fit . After the walk I examined the shoes and it was as good as new . It 's a lovely pair of shoes , worth the price I paid of a little over $ 40 . So far no regrets at all
 I just happened to see these on a Friday sale . They were only $ 26 in Brown but $ 80 + in black . I bought 2 pair ; one for my husband and another for my son . I looked this Friday and they are now $ 80 + in brown . I do n't know what happened but being a `` bargain queen '' this deal made me very happy . My husband and son both like them a lot . The 10 1/2 felt a little loose to my husband but my son said the 10 fit him great . If I had known what a great deal this was I would have bought more pairs . Clarks are always known to be well made , comfortable shoes . As long as Amazon has good deals , I will be their customer . I love being a Prime member .
 I Got mine on clearence at Sports Authority for $ 75 !!!!!!!!!! Feel like they were broke in out of the box . Really comfortable and lightweight
 I have a foot that is wide in the front and narrow in the back . These Danner 's in EE are PERFECT with a pair of good heavy wool socks . They 're light as anything and great to walk in from the very start . As they are not re-solable they may not be great for heavy users , but for the few times a year that I 'll use them the certainly do the trick . I plan on buying another insulated pair in 1000 gram thinsulate for cold weather . I highly recommend these boots for hunting .
 Light weight and great fit . Not very good in steep terrain , needs better traction on soles . I would buy again .
 This line of boots came highly recommended to me , I second that opinion . Used them for 4 days straight on an AZ dove hunt . Outside temps ranged from mid 80s to 115 degrees . Sure it was hot but my feet were comfortable and after being on my feet all day long , I did n't have any complaints . They did take a couple of hikes prior to my hunt to break in , but they softened up quite nice . Boot has great traction on various terrain . Quality built . Would recommend to anyone . I have the uninsulated model but you should consider insulated ones if you hunt in cooler climates than I do .
 At first these boots were very stiff and actually hurt my feet but after 10-15 times wearing them they became some of the best walking/hiking boot that I have ever worn . I have owned these boots for a couple of months now and so far they are extemely water proof and durable . I use these boots for work , I am constantly on my feet and in the mud and they are very soft on my feet . I will buy another pair to use for early season hunting !
 I 've had Danner hikers years ago that wore great and fit like a glove immediately . This pair of boots took over 6 hours of field wear to start to feel like they were getting broke-in . I had blisters on the heels after 2 hours . Now , they 're pretty good but not the great fit from my first pair made in USA . These are imports from China . After hunting in grass for a few days , the brown dye wore off the toe box area and they look like they 're already 2 yrs old . Good support . Size and width are good to fit . The soles are slippery on wet rocks and wet down timber . Both full length and 3/4 length orthotics fit well inside . I like them but now , I 'm not sold on these Danners .
 I Got mine on clearence at Sports Authority for $ 75 !!!!!!!!!! Feel like they were broke in out of the box . Really comfortable and lightweight
 I have a foot that is wide in the front and narrow in the back . These Danner 's in EE are PERFECT with a pair of good heavy wool socks . They 're light as anything and great to walk in from the very start . As they are not re-solable they may not be great for heavy users , but for the few times a year that I 'll use them the certainly do the trick . I plan on buying another insulated pair in 1000 gram thinsulate for cold weather . I highly recommend these boots for hunting .
 Light weight and great fit . Not very good in steep terrain , needs better traction on soles . I would buy again .
 This line of boots came highly recommended to me , I second that opinion . Used them for 4 days straight on an AZ dove hunt . Outside temps ranged from mid 80s to 115 degrees . Sure it was hot but my feet were comfortable and after being on my feet all day long , I did n't have any complaints . They did take a couple of hikes prior to my hunt to break in , but they softened up quite nice . Boot has great traction on various terrain . Quality built . Would recommend to anyone . I have the uninsulated model but you should consider insulated ones if you hunt in cooler climates than I do .
 At first these boots were very stiff and actually hurt my feet but after 10-15 times wearing them they became some of the best walking/hiking boot that I have ever worn . I have owned these boots for a couple of months now and so far they are extemely water proof and durable . I use these boots for work , I am constantly on my feet and in the mud and they are very soft on my feet . I will buy another pair to use for early season hunting !
 I 've had Danner hikers years ago that wore great and fit like a glove immediately . This pair of boots took over 6 hours of field wear to start to feel like they were getting broke-in . I had blisters on the heels after 2 hours . Now , they 're pretty good but not the great fit from my first pair made in USA . These are imports from China . After hunting in grass for a few days , the brown dye wore off the toe box area and they look like they 're already 2 yrs old . Good support . Size and width are good to fit . The soles are slippery on wet rocks and wet down timber . Both full length and 3/4 length orthotics fit well inside . I like them but now , I 'm not sold on these Danners .
 My son will not take off this sneakers . He has been wearing them everyday . Someone help !!! I got my money 's worth ; now you go and buy them and get your money worth . He loves his Reebok S Carter Bball Low sneakers . I love them too .
 This is a very nice shoes and I had this so cheap , and it 's so comfortable , good job by reebok .
 I Got mine on clearence at Sports Authority for $ 75 !!!!!!!!!! Feel like they were broke in out of the box . Really comfortable and lightweight
 I have a foot that is wide in the front and narrow in the back . These Danner 's in EE are PERFECT with a pair of good heavy wool socks . They 're light as anything and great to walk in from the very start . As they are not re-solable they may not be great for heavy users , but for the few times a year that I 'll use them the certainly do the trick . I plan on buying another insulated pair in 1000 gram thinsulate for cold weather . I highly recommend these boots for hunting .
 Light weight and great fit . Not very good in steep terrain , needs better traction on soles . I would buy again .
 This line of boots came highly recommended to me , I second that opinion . Used them for 4 days straight on an AZ dove hunt . Outside temps ranged from mid 80s to 115 degrees . Sure it was hot but my feet were comfortable and after being on my feet all day long , I did n't have any complaints . They did take a couple of hikes prior to my hunt to break in , but they softened up quite nice . Boot has great traction on various terrain . Quality built . Would recommend to anyone . I have the uninsulated model but you should consider insulated ones if you hunt in cooler climates than I do .
 At first these boots were very stiff and actually hurt my feet but after 10-15 times wearing them they became some of the best walking/hiking boot that I have ever worn . I have owned these boots for a couple of months now and so far they are extemely water proof and durable . I use these boots for work , I am constantly on my feet and in the mud and they are very soft on my feet . I will buy another pair to use for early season hunting !
 I 've had Danner hikers years ago that wore great and fit like a glove immediately . This pair of boots took over 6 hours of field wear to start to feel like they were getting broke-in . I had blisters on the heels after 2 hours . Now , they 're pretty good but not the great fit from my first pair made in USA . These are imports from China . After hunting in grass for a few days , the brown dye wore off the toe box area and they look like they 're already 2 yrs old . Good support . Size and width are good to fit . The soles are slippery on wet rocks and wet down timber . Both full length and 3/4 length orthotics fit well inside . I like them but now , I 'm not sold on these Danners .
 I bought these boots in 2008 and I am wearing them as I type this review . I am a teacher at primary level and I am on my feet a lot . These boots have proven themselves for comfort and durability . They have even passed muster at some formal occasions . The only reason I did not give it five stars is because they were a little close fitting but that was my fault . I will be ordering another pair soon.UPDATE
 Excellent buy . Would definitely encourage people to buy this product . Looking forward to buying more products from this company again .
 The air soles and support -LRB- I put inserts under the pad -RRB- have ended by back pain . I purchased a second pair as a spare .
 Good boots and happy . Next time I will spend more $ $ for top of the line solely because of the amount of time I am on my feet . I ca n't move around so 6 hours standing in 1 spot is a killer to feet , ankles and knees . Thinner walls would be better for lighter weight and prevent heating up .
 last year bought the same boot , but with a 5in top . did something dumb with a friend and hurt ankel . got the higher boot for support . so far i love the boot . it fit tights , and helps take the pain out of my feet . work in car oil and grease all day . will buy again when the time comes . hope it last a year like the last one .
 The shipper is a real hero . The boots came earlier than the earliest projected date . They are tremendously comfortable , and I especially like that really heavy-duty zipper . They support my feet better than work boots I 've had in the past . Thanks !
 These boots are fantastic ! I first bought these when I was a medic student , and wore them everyday . My feet never hurt . I even wore them during rescue training climbing hills/repelling down cliffs/and climbing through tunnels , and they held up . Now after 3 years wearing them everyday , I need new ones . There is a hole in the sole on one boot , so the gel cushion is a little flatter . So I am ordering the exact same boots . I have wide feet , and women 's boots do n't fit like these . Ca n't say enough
 The Original SWAT 1232 Air 9-inch Side-Zip Metro Traction Boot was recommended
 hola todo fino Excelenteeeeee muy hola todo fino gustaooo muchoooooo everything right all excellent recommendy poreque esta muy buernono em ha llegadotodo bien lo recomiendobuenoooooooooooooooooooo recomendado
 I love the non-skid soul and the comfort . My toes have room and the overall construction of the shoe is well-made .
 hola todo fino Excelenteeeeee muy hola todo fino gustaooo muchoooooo everything right all excellent recommendy poreque esta muy buernono em ha llegadotodo bien lo recomiendobuenoooooooooooooooooooo recomendado
 Enjoy my shoes . Just came back from a long walk in them . Very happy with shoes and service
 hola todo fino Excelenteeeeee muy hola todo fino gustaooo muchoooooo everything right all excellent recommendy poreque esta muy buernono em ha llegadotodo bien lo recomiendobuenoooooooooooooooooooo recomendado
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I did ' t know what the letters -LRB- ex
 Hi , I was looking for the shoes for my brother and I found I actually mostly like the color , but the price is ok . Only one problem I had because I did ' t know what the letters -LRB- ex
 hola todo fino Excelenteeeeee muy hola todo fino gustaooo muchoooooo everything right all excellent recommendy poreque esta muy buernono em ha llegadotodo bien lo recomiendobuenoooooooooooooooooooo recomendado
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 Enjoy my shoes . Just came back from a long walk in them . Very happy with shoes and service
 I Got mine on clearence at Sports Authority for $ 75 !!!!!!!!!! Feel like they were broke in out of the box . Really comfortable and lightweight
 I have a foot that is wide in the front and narrow in the back . These Danner 's in EE are PERFECT with a pair of good heavy wool socks . They 're light as anything and great to walk in from the very start . As they are not re-solable they may not be great for heavy users , but for the few times a year that I 'll use them the certainly do the trick . I plan on buying another insulated pair in 1000 gram thinsulate for cold weather . I highly recommend these boots for hunting .
 Light weight and great fit . Not very good in steep terrain , needs better traction on soles . I would buy again .
 This line of boots came highly recommended to me , I second that opinion . Used them for 4 days straight on an AZ dove hunt . Outside temps ranged from mid 80s to 115 degrees . Sure it was hot but my feet were comfortable and after being on my feet all day long , I did n't have any complaints . They did take a couple of hikes prior to my hunt to break in , but they softened up quite nice . Boot has great traction on various terrain . Quality built . Would recommend to anyone . I have the uninsulated model but you should consider insulated ones if you hunt in cooler climates than I do .
 At first these boots were very stiff and actually hurt my feet but after 10-15 times wearing them they became some of the best walking/hiking boot that I have ever worn . I have owned these boots for a couple of months now and so far they are extemely water proof and durable . I use these boots for work , I am constantly on my feet and in the mud and they are very soft on my feet . I will buy another pair to use for early season hunting !
 I 've had Danner hikers years ago that wore great and fit like a glove immediately . This pair of boots took over 6 hours of field wear to start to feel like they were getting broke-in . I had blisters on the heels after 2 hours . Now , they 're pretty good but not the great fit from my first pair made in USA . These are imports from China . After hunting in grass for a few days , the brown dye wore off the toe box area and they look like they 're already 2 yrs old . Good support . Size and width are good to fit . The soles are slippery on wet rocks and wet down timber . Both full length and 3/4 length orthotics fit well inside . I like them but now , I 'm not sold on these Danners .
 it was a great buy on the rocky boots . but as i tell everyone , you must be very careful what , when and how you buy from amazon . my preferrable place to purchase is ebay . i have spent alot of money there in the last couple of months . i am very skeptical of amazon after the dewalt hammer drill issue . just dont agree with amazon 's tactics .
 hola todo fino Excelenteeeeee muy hola todo fino gustaooo muchoooooo everything right all excellent recommendy poreque esta muy buernono em ha llegadotodo bien lo recomiendobuenoooooooooooooooooooo recomendado
 I Got mine on clearence at Sports Authority for $ 75 !!!!!!!!!! Feel like they were broke in out of the box . Really comfortable and lightweight
 I have a foot that is wide in the front and narrow in the back . These Danner 's in EE are PERFECT with a pair of good heavy wool socks . They 're light as anything and great to walk in from the very start . As they are not re-solable they may not be great for heavy users , but for the few times a year that I 'll use them the certainly do the trick . I plan on buying another insulated pair in 1000 gram thinsulate for cold weather . I highly recommend these boots for hunting .
 Light weight and great fit . Not very good in steep terrain , needs better traction on soles . I would buy again .
 This line of boots came highly recommended to me , I second that opinion . Used them for 4 days straight on an AZ dove hunt . Outside temps ranged from mid 80s to 115 degrees . Sure it was hot but my feet were comfortable and after being on my feet all day long , I did n't have any complaints . They did take a couple of hikes prior to my hunt to break in , but they softened up quite nice . Boot has great traction on various terrain . Quality built . Would recommend to anyone . I have the uninsulated model but you should consider insulated ones if you hunt in cooler climates than I do .
 At first these boots were very stiff and actually hurt my feet but after 10-15 times wearing them they became some of the best walking/hiking boot that I have ever worn . I have owned these boots for a couple of months now and so far they are extemely water proof and durable . I use these boots for work , I am constantly on my feet and in the mud and they are very soft on my feet . I will buy another pair to use for early season hunting !
 I 've had Danner hikers years ago that wore great and fit like a glove immediately . This pair of boots took over 6 hours of field wear to start to feel like they were getting broke-in . I had blisters on the heels after 2 hours . Now , they 're pretty good but not the great fit from my first pair made in USA . These are imports from China . After hunting in grass for a few days , the brown dye wore off the toe box area and they look like they 're already 2 yrs old . Good support . Size and width are good to fit . The soles are slippery on wet rocks and wet down timber . Both full length and 3/4 length orthotics fit well inside . I like them but now , I 'm not sold on these Danners .
 Love , Love Love this boot ! The Black Tiger Print Vini Ankle Boot by Donald Pliner is an eye catcher ! Really a striking , visual pleasure of a boot . As usual with Pliner 's , it is comfortable despite the heel height . I am a commuter and and walk several blocks to and from the metro and my feet have never cried while wearing these.It fits true to size with decent arch support . Whenever I wear these , I am stopped by somebody and asked about them . I lusted after these boots for sometime before finding them on sale on Amazon and I am so glad I took the plunge . Worth it !
 The first time I saw this shoe -LRB- in black/white patent leather -RRB- was on the feet of Boston Celtics All-Star forward Antoine Walker . Being a fan of `` old-school '' shoes and Mr. Walker , I immediately took a liking to the Adidas Promodel 2G . The Adidas Promodel line has been around for over four decades now and many a current and former NBA player has spent time in a pair , whether in high school , college or at the pro level . The first thing that stood out to me was how Adidas kept the classic `` shell toe '' as part of the shoe while adding minor adjustments to give it a nice blend of modern/retro looks . The patent leather also gives it a nice touch making the shoe simple , but unique.Another huge plus which I 'm sure everyone will notice is the price . ... it ai n't gon na clean out too many pockets and for this price y' all can go out and cop a pair or two -LRB- one for home games , one for the road -RRB- . So , the bottom line on the Adidas Promodel 2G is that it 's worth considering if you 're a junior high or high school-level team looking for a good value in a team shoe -LRB- ... the Promodel costs a lot less than most shoes designed for team use -RRB- or if you need a shoe for those lazy Sunday afternoon games down at the park .
 These shoes are comfortable as well as long lasting . They do not make your feet sweat or smell bad like other high top shoes . This shoe never goes op of style
 I have 2 pairs of this model shoe and love them . After being a Nike fan for years I decided to give something else a try . This shoe is lightweight and very comfortable . I also love the classic style . And you ca n't complain about the nice price .
 I am delighted with this product . previously bought addias trainers , but found these are lite , hard wearing and very comfortable . After numeruous training sessions with senior and junior teams this lad on a underage team that my son plays with commented '' Your Dad has the coolest BBall boots out their '' . which made me feel 7 ft tall for a small man . EXCELLLANT PRODUCT .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I Got mine on clearence at Sports Authority for $ 75 !!!!!!!!!! Feel like they were broke in out of the box . Really comfortable and lightweight
 I have a foot that is wide in the front and narrow in the back . These Danner 's in EE are PERFECT with a pair of good heavy wool socks . They 're light as anything and great to walk in from the very start . As they are not re-solable they may not be great for heavy users , but for the few times a year that I 'll use them the certainly do the trick . I plan on buying another insulated pair in 1000 gram thinsulate for cold weather . I highly recommend these boots for hunting .
 Light weight and great fit . Not very good in steep terrain , needs better traction on soles . I would buy again .
 This line of boots came highly recommended to me , I second that opinion . Used them for 4 days straight on an AZ dove hunt . Outside temps ranged from mid 80s to 115 degrees . Sure it was hot but my feet were comfortable and after being on my feet all day long , I did n't have any complaints . They did take a couple of hikes prior to my hunt to break in , but they softened up quite nice . Boot has great traction on various terrain . Quality built . Would recommend to anyone . I have the uninsulated model but you should consider insulated ones if you hunt in cooler climates than I do .
 At first these boots were very stiff and actually hurt my feet but after 10-15 times wearing them they became some of the best walking/hiking boot that I have ever worn . I have owned these boots for a couple of months now and so far they are extemely water proof and durable . I use these boots for work , I am constantly on my feet and in the mud and they are very soft on my feet . I will buy another pair to use for early season hunting !
 I 've had Danner hikers years ago that wore great and fit like a glove immediately . This pair of boots took over 6 hours of field wear to start to feel like they were getting broke-in . I had blisters on the heels after 2 hours . Now , they 're pretty good but not the great fit from my first pair made in USA . These are imports from China . After hunting in grass for a few days , the brown dye wore off the toe box area and they look like they 're already 2 yrs old . Good support . Size and width are good to fit . The soles are slippery on wet rocks and wet down timber . Both full length and 3/4 length orthotics fit well inside . I like them but now , I 'm not sold on these Danners .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 The first time I saw this shoe -LRB- in black/white patent leather -RRB- was on the feet of Boston Celtics All-Star forward Antoine Walker . Being a fan of `` old-school '' shoes and Mr. Walker , I immediately took a liking to the Adidas Promodel 2G . The Adidas Promodel line has been around for over four decades now and many a current and former NBA player has spent time in a pair , whether in high school , college or at the pro level . The first thing that stood out to me was how Adidas kept the classic `` shell toe '' as part of the shoe while adding minor adjustments to give it a nice blend of modern/retro looks . The patent leather also gives it a nice touch making the shoe simple , but unique.Another huge plus which I 'm sure everyone will notice is the price . ... it ai n't gon na clean out too many pockets and for this price y' all can go out and cop a pair or two -LRB- one for home games , one for the road -RRB- . So , the bottom line on the Adidas Promodel 2G is that it 's worth considering if you 're a junior high or high school-level team looking for a good value in a team shoe -LRB- ... the Promodel costs a lot less than most shoes designed for team use -RRB- or if you need a shoe for those lazy Sunday afternoon games down at the park .
 These shoes are comfortable as well as long lasting . They do not make your feet sweat or smell bad like other high top shoes . This shoe never goes op of style
 I have 2 pairs of this model shoe and love them . After being a Nike fan for years I decided to give something else a try . This shoe is lightweight and very comfortable . I also love the classic style . And you ca n't complain about the nice price .
 I am delighted with this product . previously bought addias trainers , but found these are lite , hard wearing and very comfortable . After numeruous training sessions with senior and junior teams this lad on a underage team that my son plays with commented '' Your Dad has the coolest BBall boots out their '' . which made me feel 7 ft tall for a small man . EXCELLLANT PRODUCT .
 hola todo fino Excelenteeeeee muy hola todo fino gustaooo muchoooooo everything right all excellent recommendy poreque esta muy buernono em ha llegadotodo bien lo recomiendobuenoooooooooooooooooooo recomendado
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 By far one of the most comfortable , if not comfortable shoe or sandal I have ever owned . Now that summer is over , and it is late Fall , I find myself still wearing these even now that it is colder because they feel so good . I bought mine in May , and it is November now . They really are tough to give up . Any reservations I had that they look funky evaporated when I wore them . If they do not feel right when you put them on , you probably have the wrong size . Most people that buy Keens find that they need to buy a half size larger than they do with other shoes.They have a wide toebox so that your toes are not cramped together , and they are the first to come out with the protective toe guard . While other companies are starting to put toe guards on their shoes , they are not designed to be both protective and completely comfortable like Keens . I never stub a toe or catch a toe on anything with these , plus I can hide my ugly toes . It also has a little rise on the rear heel that cups your heel comfortably , but also helps protect you against those people that step on the back of your foot . It feels very secure once it is on and does not slip . There are no straps to fool with or Velcro to adjust , it has an inner lining that looks like the neoprene on a scuba suit , it stretches to fit . It has a no lace closure and you set it once , from then on it slips on easy . The metatomic footbed cradles my foot like no shoe I have ever seen . A feature I had not experienced before in any shoe is the little ridge on the inner sole that runs behind the toes and in between your big toe and other toes . The first time you feel it is a surprise , but it turns out to add to the comfort of the shoe immensely . That ridge forms in a short time to your foot , giving you your own custom fit . Keens shoes are invented by a doctor , who studied the anatomy of the foot very closely , and it shows . I hate to gush about this , but the shape of this shoe inside and out gives me a sensation that the shoe is part of me , and I can stand longer and walk longer ... it makes me feel like running . I first saw these on some ultralight backpackers I met , they swore by them.It has an anatomical outer sole that is very grippy , with a nice athletic shape , it gives good traction on sand , dirt , boulders , mud , you name it . It is not slippery on the boat or dock , and the sole does not leave any marks . It is made in such a way that it does not hold dirt in any grooves to track ion on my carpet either . It is great for water , and you can wear it into the stream , pool , or sea . If it gets wet , for some reason you do n't feel it due to the material that wicks the water away . It has an anti-microbial treatment that takes away any germs.The first Newport that came out has leather trim , but it is officially waterproof . The newer Newport H2 is made of completely synthetic materials , and it holds up better in the long run as far as repeated wettings and mud . When my H2 's get dirty , I throw them in the sink , under the hose , or even in the washer and they come out like new . I wore these almost daily for 4 months straight with no evidence of wear . This includes standing in line all day at theme parks and scrambling at the beach and lava rocks on Maui . These come in many colors . Keens makes other great shoes like the Providence boots , clogs , and tennis shoes . My other favorite sandals are for dressier occasions , they are the black Rieker Anti-Stress Jens 09176 , and the Dunham Moose Fisherman -LRB- actually designed by New Balance -RRB- .
 I bought these boots in 2008 and I am wearing them as I type this review . I am a teacher at primary level and I am on my feet a lot . These boots have proven themselves for comfort and durability . They have even passed muster at some formal occasions . The only reason I did not give it five stars is because they were a little close fitting but that was my fault . I will be ordering another pair soon.UPDATE
 Excellent buy . Would definitely encourage people to buy this product . Looking forward to buying more products from this company again .
 The air soles and support -LRB- I put inserts under the pad -RRB- have ended by back pain . I purchased a second pair as a spare .
 Good boots and happy . Next time I will spend more $ $ for top of the line solely because of the amount of time I am on my feet . I ca n't move around so 6 hours standing in 1 spot is a killer to feet , ankles and knees . Thinner walls would be better for lighter weight and prevent heating up .
 last year bought the same boot , but with a 5in top . did something dumb with a friend and hurt ankel . got the higher boot for support . so far i love the boot . it fit tights , and helps take the pain out of my feet . work in car oil and grease all day . will buy again when the time comes . hope it last a year like the last one .
 The shipper is a real hero . The boots came earlier than the earliest projected date . They are tremendously comfortable , and I especially like that really heavy-duty zipper . They support my feet better than work boots I 've had in the past . Thanks !
 These boots are fantastic ! I first bought these when I was a medic student , and wore them everyday . My feet never hurt . I even wore them during rescue training climbing hills/repelling down cliffs/and climbing through tunnels , and they held up . Now after 3 years wearing them everyday , I need new ones . There is a hole in the sole on one boot , so the gel cushion is a little flatter . So I am ordering the exact same boots . I have wide feet , and women 's boots do n't fit like these . Ca n't say enough
 The Original SWAT 1232 Air 9-inch Side-Zip Metro Traction Boot was recommended
 hola todo fino Excelenteeeeee muy hola todo fino gustaooo muchoooooo everything right all excellent recommendy poreque esta muy buernono em ha llegadotodo bien lo recomiendobuenoooooooooooooooooooo recomendado
 Boys ' Skechers Nollies this is what i call a shoe with a really good design i had them for 1 month and 1 week and still all the parts that are white are still white and everything else looks like i just bought it.I DEFINITELY recomend this product
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I bought these shoes to wear with my Hickey Freeman suit as I wanted to try something from traditional cap-toe oxfords . I have to say I love the style , but I 'd classify them more as dress casual than dress formal . I 'll still probably need to find another pair of dressier oxfords to wear with my suit , but for gray slacks these are perfect .
 I liked these shoes the moment I saw them . They arrived promptly and fit very well .
 Nice dress shoe . Bought in brown . Hard to find a brown shoe that is dressy and conservative enough to go with a business suit and yet still adds some style to the look . This shoe satisfies that need .
 Enjoy my shoes . Just came back from a long walk in them . Very happy with shoes and service
 This great outdoor shoes , has a very price-quality relation . Are you loocking for a outdoor shoes ??? . Look at that . Confortable and good price .
 These boots are great . My husband swears it 's like not wearing shoes at all . They are tough and withstand his job as a groundsman for a tree company . Outstanding . You ca n't go wrong with Tims .
 I love these shoes . They are very comfortable , and people compliment me about these shoes all the time .
 good morningthe excellence of the purchase is that I arrive in the estimated time and are products that people want to buy is a great way to buy cards by providing this optionto shop and provide good service and hope to continue buying the best of you waiting felicitacciones
 These are the most comfortable timberlands my husband has ever had ... He loves and wants another pair for work he said its worth it !!
 My husband is so pleased with these boots . He loves timberland and we were so lucky they had his size . Absolute great buy .
 Timberland Men 's Euro Hiker Boot , Grey/Grey ,9.5 M US great boots for work or very day life very comfortable , worm and soft inside great boots for fare value .
 I love how comfortable they feel on my feet . I did forget that Timberland 's are usually sized a bit large when compared to shoes . Normally I 'm a size 12 shoe but only in Timberland 's I would be a size 11 . Luckily for me I ordered a 11.5 size so it was n't bad enough for me to return . Just have to lace them up tighter but still not an issue when it comes to them being comfortable and durable . It did take me a couple of days to break them in so now the size issue is none existent .
 Hi , I 'm from Colombia , it is the first time that I buy in Amazon and the product that I received was in conditions excelents , I 'm very excited with the product !!! Timberland Men 's Euro Hiker Boot , Grey/Grey ,7 M US
 The product was is in great quality as expected from the Timberland brand . The only issue I had was that the shoe came looking new from the outside whole the inside showed sines of wear -LRB- dirt scuffs , sand , etc. -RRB- which disappointed me since the shoe was a gift for a loved one . The shoes are comfortable and well supported as reported to me . Be careful when you go with white . Stains only come off if you clean them right away . Scuffs are easily noticeable and near impossible to get off . The colors in the pictures on Amazon are very accurate.I would definitely buy them again and would reccommend it to others .
 The first time I saw this shoe -LRB- in black/white patent leather -RRB- was on the feet of Boston Celtics All-Star forward Antoine Walker . Being a fan of `` old-school '' shoes and Mr. Walker , I immediately took a liking to the Adidas Promodel 2G . The Adidas Promodel line has been around for over four decades now and many a current and former NBA player has spent time in a pair , whether in high school , college or at the pro level . The first thing that stood out to me was how Adidas kept the classic `` shell toe '' as part of the shoe while adding minor adjustments to give it a nice blend of modern/retro looks . The patent leather also gives it a nice touch making the shoe simple , but unique.Another huge plus which I 'm sure everyone will notice is the price . ... it ai n't gon na clean out too many pockets and for this price y' all can go out and cop a pair or two -LRB- one for home games , one for the road -RRB- . So , the bottom line on the Adidas Promodel 2G is that it 's worth considering if you 're a junior high or high school-level team looking for a good value in a team shoe -LRB- ... the Promodel costs a lot less than most shoes designed for team use -RRB- or if you need a shoe for those lazy Sunday afternoon games down at the park .
 These shoes are comfortable as well as long lasting . They do not make your feet sweat or smell bad like other high top shoes . This shoe never goes op of style
 I have 2 pairs of this model shoe and love them . After being a Nike fan for years I decided to give something else a try . This shoe is lightweight and very comfortable . I also love the classic style . And you ca n't complain about the nice price .
 I am delighted with this product . previously bought addias trainers , but found these are lite , hard wearing and very comfortable . After numeruous training sessions with senior and junior teams this lad on a underage team that my son plays with commented '' Your Dad has the coolest BBall boots out their '' . which made me feel 7 ft tall for a small man . EXCELLLANT PRODUCT .
 I love these shoes . They came in on time , they were in mint condition , and I am completely satisfied with this whole process of them .
 The shoe is true to fit . It is very comfortable and fun to wear . Price was reasonable . Service from Amazon was great and the shoes arrived on the scheduled delivery date . Overall , a great experience from Amazon and a great product .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 Muy muy comodos , excelente material . El unico detalle y no es precisamente malo es que a traves de la malla se incrusta el sucio y hay q lavarlos con mucha frecuencia , lo que a la larga tal vez acorte el periodo de vida util . En resumen los recomiendo .
 I really liked this shoes , had not had the chance to buy spikes from this brand but I really liked them .
 My son found these cleats online in effort to find metal cleats in his size . I was skeptical at first because the price seemed too good to be true.The price was great and I love the way they look , but the arch is too high for my flatfooted son . Will have to send them back , what a shame . He got a pair of Nike instead now .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I have used these for years , and usually replace them about every four years because with normal wear and tear eventually a hole develops in one of the boots . They keep my shoes perfectly dry , and do not in any way affect the shine on even newly polished shoes.I have read some of the negative reviews , and have the following comments :1 . These boots are not intended to make a fashion statement ; they are just supposed to keep your shoes dry without in any way scuffing your shoes , which they do just fine . If you want something a bit more stylish , there are low cut slip on boots that come up just to the top edge of the shoe , but then water can still get inside your shoes if you step into a puddle .2 . These boots work best in water or snow that is not more than an inch or two deep . Otherwise the bottom edge of your pants will get wet since these boots will not keep your pants stuffed inside ; rather they are meant for you to wear your pants over the top of the boots . For deeper water or snow , you can buy full length boots that go up to mid-calf or higher , and into which you can easily stuff your pants legs .3 . The side zipper makes it easy to slip these boots on and off . If you are in doubt about a size , go larger rather than smaller ; these boots are not meant to be overly stretched , and if you do so , then over time you will tear a hole in the rubber sooner rather than later.For a light rain storm without flooding or a light snow storm without drifts , these boots are perfect . For more adverse conditions , use something different .
 What a protection for your shoes!Really a smart product . Good Job.Only after 4 years , my pairs got a small hole in the heel .
 You will not find a pair of shoes like this at THIS GREAT PRICE ... Getting the perfect fit and walk for my little girl is very important . Kids go through shoes very fast so you need to find the perfect shoe at the perfect price . I would recommend this pair of shoes any time . They are very comfortable and flexible on a babie 's feet . I plan to keep buying this kind of shoes for her !
 I purchased this shoe for my granddaughter and was more than pleased when they arrived . I was looking for something a little different but not over the top and this fit the bill completely . The leather is very soft so if your child is rough on shoes this may not be for you . Although this has not proven to be a problem I can see where the leather could scuff easily . For me they work and I will order again . I believe my granddaughter loves them as much as I do. : - -RRB-
 These are awesome shoes . I wish they came in larger sizes for her.GREAT Value
 This shoe is absolutely gorgeous on my daughter 's feet . My only problem is that it fits a bit close . She still wears 6 in some shoes comfortably , so I bought the 7 and they just fit . Dont think she will have a lot of wear out of it but I would definitely buy another if it gets too close .
 Love love love these shoes . Sincerely have not found a better pair . Our little baby can not fit in any of the Walmart , etc , shoes . I bought these in every size to make sure she could keep growing and have good shoes !
 My 16mo old daughter & I looove the shoes -LRB- she loves shoes -RRB- . Another reviewer said the shoe size ran small , I found they were perfect ! Actually a little bigger than I expected . I think the quality is great , and there are no `` Sharp '' pieces inside that another reviewer implied . I would recommend these shoes to other moms . They are very unique & we love that in our shoes . Thank you for a simple transaction !
 I bought these shoes for me 1.5 year old because they looked cute and different - who would have known that they would be pretty much the only shoes she would year for nearly the next year ! She LOVES them because they are comfortable , cute , AND she can put them on herself . As an independent little girl that is so important , and makes life easy for us too.Yes - eventually the leather and stitching wore out , but after such use and wear and tear I would expect nothing less ! My only regret was that we did n't get a more neutral shoe , since personally I was sick of pale green butterfly shoes after a while ;-RRB- That having been said , I just bought a red pair of these and am hoping that they 'll be met with equal success . One issue that I wish the company or amazon would clarify
 Finally a great pair of shoes that my daughter would not want to get out of . The thread at the front broke from wear and tear , which is unfortunate , but at least I know my daughter got a lot of fun out of wearing them . They seemed comfortable , light , and solid at the same time . Pity they do n't make them in bigger sizes !
 I usually only buy American - or European-made shoes for my daughter , and although these are made in China , I recommend them for the following reasons
 We simply love these shoes . they are so comfortable for my little one . It has the right amount of support so she doesnt wobble too much and is soft enough that she isnt uncomfortable in them . The only reason I gave a 4 star is the sizing . I wish they were more accurate . I had to buy another one as the first one ended up being too small ...
 Enjoy my shoes . Just came back from a long walk in them . Very happy with shoes and service
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I have some problems with the velcro staying closed . I also have to manuever the tongue just right to get it comfortable . Otherwise , it 's a great pair of shoes .
 I was looking for a velcro sneakers . When I came across these skechers that would work with my brace . These were perfect and being 65 I was not up with what is in but my grandkids thought I was cool . I am very pleased with the comfort of these skechers .
 it was for my younger brother , not for me , but he was extremely happy with it , and he like it so much , very good adidas
 they are a bit stiff at frist but after a while -LRB- like a week -RRB- they feel great , oh and fyi i thought it was black red and white but that black part is just a really dark blue .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I purchased a pair of 6 '' normal toe grizzlies back in Jan of 1998 . Since then , I have replaced the insoles about every 6 months . I used to spend 50-55 hours a week on concrete working with pallets , iron pipe , concretemix , anything else you could beat on in a warehouse . Since then I 'm only pushing 40 hours but it 's the same stuff . These boots have always been comfortable . Friday , I tore the left boot really bad in a workplace incident . I 'm getting another pair tomorrow , no other boot will do . Period . Just talked to the same guy that sold me the boots six years ago . G&L Clothing knows their stuff !
 This is the second pair of Carolina boots I have bought.They are well made and fit great.The first pair I bought lasted almost 5 years with daily use.They are still in good enough shape to wear around my place.The old pair had no problems.No broken eyelets , no broken laces , and the soles are still in good shape.I will continue to buy Carolina boots.American made as an added bonus .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 The Itasca 8 '' Swampwalker Mini Boots are just what I wanted for scouting in the woods in areas of less than ideal accessibility . They came in handy to wear when I was hauling myDbest Two-Wheeled Collapsable Handcartfull of tasty treats to my bait pile in less than ideal weather . They are ` mini ' in name only because they are one mighty comfortable pair of boots ! Sturdy and well cushioned they made slogging through muddy areas a breeze . They were easy to hose off and are stored in a handy Sterilite Large Storage Container ready for the next season 's scouting . I highly recommend them . ~ The Boss
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 The shoes fit like a glove . the desginer has done a good job in creating a shoe the fits the entire foot . If you buy these shoes you will be pleased . The heel is about 3.5 to 4 inches high , but the platform give the comfort to the shoe . I brought the shoe an 1/2 size to big , but it was required . So if you buy this shoe , buy it a 1/2 size larger . You will be pleased with this purchase .
 I was surprised to find out how light these moccasins felt . They are so soft and comfortable ! You hardly realize you are wearing them . These are a nice shoe to wear on the hot days of summer . Highly recommend them .
 I was surprised to find out how light these moccasins felt . They are so soft and comfortable ! You hardly realize you are wearing them . These are a nice shoe to wear on the hot days of summer . Highly recommend them .
 Very classy shoes . Nice for evening or everyday if you can handle the height.Wellmade , all leather , nice !
 I looked all over for this particular sandal that I originally saw in Macy 's but did n't have my size . After searching for a few months , my search stopped with Amazon . Not only did they have my size but the cost was significantly less than the department store . Thanks Amazon !! I am so happy .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I have been wearing New Balance shoes for several years now , as they were recommended to me by a friend of mine that managed a sporting goods store . These shoes are very comfortable , and have made my workday go much better , as my old shoes were pretty worn out .
 I am new to wearing Timberland , b/c I have narrow feet , but the Waterville fits my foot . I was pleasantly surprised . It is very comfortable . I plan to buy several other colors , to match my velour sweats for this season . Thanks Timberland , and please consider making narrow sizes .
 I love flats and these are so cute and they go with everything from dressy to casual .
 The Durango Mens Engineer Harness boot is another fine looking boot from the leader in the boot industry.I have had many different brands of boots in my lifetime and Durango has been a proven winner time after time.From the first pair as a kid to the numerous pair I have now.If you are looking for a dress , work , or just a boot to play around in , Durango has the boot for you.The Bottom Line Is Durango Is Simply The Best .
 I have been wearing New Balance shoes for several years now , as they were recommended to me by a friend of mine that managed a sporting goods store . These shoes are very comfortable , and have made my workday go much better , as my old shoes were pretty worn out .
 The shoes are authentic Kenneth Cole shoes . The quality and workmanship is very good . It would be excellent if the manufacturer added more cushion on the sole of the shoe to make it more comfortable . The satin strap over the foot added a touch of elegance . The pearlized ivory color is just right , not flat nor glossy like pattent leather , very nice .
 I got this shoe for my daughter for her big role of Flower Girl!The little details made this shoe different from the rest ! True to size .
 These are a truly cute shoe , flattering on the foot . They look cute with skirts , shorts and slacks . But a word of caution , as is the case with many Nine West shoes , they do tend to run a bit narrower than their marked width -- which works for me as I have a narrow foot .
 I never have problems with Nine West sizing . They 're consistent 98 % percent of the time . I was a bit worried the slingback would keep slipping , but no , it does n't and this pair is comfortable & versatile .
 The sandals were brand new and half the cost of nearly every store that I went into .
 I have been wearing New Balance shoes for several years now , as they were recommended to me by a friend of mine that managed a sporting goods store . These shoes are very comfortable , and have made my workday go much better , as my old shoes were pretty worn out .
 I knew the product would be of quality , but when I heard my son , who is very critical of the shoes I buy him say he loves the shoe and wants to wear them everywhere because he thinks they are so comfortable , I knew I had made the right choice .
 This is a nice everyday shoe . I bought them as a school shoe at the beginning of the year and they have held up . No complaints about being uncomfortable and they can be dressed up or down . They 're in good enough shape that if his feet do n't grow , he can wear them next year .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 The Mia sneaker is adorable , but beware of the size . They usually run around 1/2 the size smaller than you would normally order . Other than that , very nice .
 Another great Naturalizer shoe ! True to size , comfortable and good looking -- great buy !
 Good quality leather pumps . I really need a 2wide , and should have returned them . My fault .
 I was surprised to find out how light these moccasins felt . They are so soft and comfortable ! You hardly realize you are wearing them . These are a nice shoe to wear on the hot days of summer . Highly recommend them .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 This is a beautiful and well constructed shoe . I was afraid it mught be flimsy since it looks to be straw-like . However , it is reinforced and very attractive .
 This is a very feminine and pretty shoe . Everyone who has seen it wishes they had a pair . It is very comfortable to wear , but I have a narrow foot and it is a little too loose on me and I have to limit my wearing of it somewhat . I do love it , though I wish it were adjustable in some way .
 Lots of compliments on these mango slides ! Color is great and goes with your pastel wardrobe . It is perfect with a handbag of the same color , making this a worthwhile , hard to find purchase . They look cuter in person than pictured . My only complaint is that while they are comfortable with no rub spots on top , they are not good walking shoes . Whatever the sole is made of , it hurt the ball of my foot by the end of the day so there is not enough cushion for lots of standing or walking .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 My brother absolutely loved these . He loved the design and I knew he liked this type of sneaker . They fit very well , also , which is a bonus in ordering on-line .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I got these in Chocolate/Koala and they were hideous ... there is no word for how ugly they were , but then I re-ordered them from LastPairs on Amazon in Black/Caramel and they looked amazing . They look slightly worn ... sort of antique , but the leather is soft and very comfortable . The toe is leather , unlike mose Converse sneakers , where it 's rubber , and the contrast in the shoe is subtle but very nice . Just look at a closeup of the Black/Caramel ... they are really very wonderful shoes , and very comfortable . Not much arch support , if you 're new to converse ... All Stars are pretty much like that , but for me it 's more comfortable that way ... Also , if you 're new to converse , check out Converse.com -- I think if you select an All Star shoe in their online store it 'll have a conversion tool there for you to convert your size into unisex sizing -LRB- make sure you select an All Star , though , each shoe line they have runs differently ... it 's a pain -RRB- . -LRB- I 'm a size 8.5 / 9 Womens and had to get an 8 womens , just for an example -RRB- ... I hope this helped ... : -RRB-
 Just got these so I have n't worn them too much yet . I love how they look and feel so far . I am sure they 'll get used a lot this summer . Casual yet nice enough to wear to out with little black dresses ! Yay !
 I was so happy when I got these shoes - they are beautiful ! And so comfortable ! These shoes just make me want to show myself off !
 This shoe is great . Me feet are really sensative sometimes because i wear heels alot so when i were these they feel sooo soft . I defintly reccomend this shoe
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 LifeStride Sue Slingback sandals are the best buy for the shoes I ever made.Soft , comfortable , long lasting and ... washable.I highly recommend them .
 Very smooth transaction and timely delivery . First time on-line shoe buyer . I tried those cute shoes on at a local shoe store and loved them but was not willing to pay high price for them . I saved about 35 % by purchasing here !
 I recently ordered these sandals and they 're very stylish and comfortable . I did n't expect to pay less than $ 30.00 for these sandals because on other websites these sandals are $ 60.00 . I 'm always satisfied with my amazon purchases .
 Great looking pair of shoes.The elastic on the big toe is a little too tight.May be after some time of ware it will be better .
 I do n't know about you but I just love women 's shoes . I have at least 7 pairs .
 This shoe is great . Me feet are really sensative sometimes because i wear heels alot so when i were these they feel sooo soft . I defintly reccomend this shoe
 These shoes are the third pair of the same style for my husband . He loves the comfort , craftsmanship , and most recently the exceptional price ! They look good with denim and khakis - very versatile shoe .
 This shoe is great . Me feet are really sensative sometimes because i wear heels alot so when i were these they feel sooo soft . I defintly reccomend this shoe
 This is my 3rd Me Too shoe and once again , I LOVE IT ! The print is gorgeous and the cap toe is so in style .
 This is a nice , simple flat . Sturdy and worth the low price . I have purchased other Me Too products , and have always been happy with the quality .
 I bought these shoes because I needed a pair of black flats - boy was I surprised - these were so comfortable that I wear them all the time . Try these if you want a pair of stylish flats that are so incrediblely comfortable ... these are the shoes for you - they are great !
 I love these shoes ! In fact , I saw them at Nordstrom 's the other days and they were over $ 60 . I got them for under $ 30 on Amazon , but coupons - what a deal !!
 This shoe is great . Me feet are really sensative sometimes because i wear heels alot so when i were these they feel sooo soft . I defintly reccomend this shoe
 This shoe is great . Me feet are really sensative sometimes because i wear heels alot so when i were these they feel sooo soft . I defintly reccomend this shoe
 I 've been playing soccer for my entire life and at last I 've found a shoe that does n't hurt my feet after a game.Very good traction , beatifull design and very original model.Thank you ADIDAS .
 The sandals were brand new and half the cost of nearly every store that I went into .
 This shoe is great . Me feet are really sensative sometimes because i wear heels alot so when i were these they feel sooo soft . I defintly reccomend this shoe
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 They are sturdy , fashionable , and run true-to-size . The price was very reasonable , and I 'm very pleased with my purchase
 This is the most comfortable sandal I have ever worn . I have poor feet but can walk for days in these . It is like walking on air ... but where can I find them now ? Does anyone know ? Why do the best shoes always seem to vanish into thin air ?
 I 've bought these for my mom and she liked it . The look is ok but very comfortable for a senior lady .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I just got these today and wore without any problems . I felt very supported and comfortable . Earth shoes are so great for my flat feet . And they are great value as they last years . These are my second pair of Earth sandals I 've just ordered another pair on sale for next year summer . Great service from Amazon as always .
 This shoe is great . Me feet are really sensative sometimes because i wear heels alot so when i were these they feel sooo soft . I defintly reccomend this shoe
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I love ASICS ... I 've been using these twice a week for over 3 years now . They 're still functional -LRB- i.e. no holes , loose sole , etc. -RRB- .
 I have some of thease and they , i think , are the best and almost all of the guys on the teem have thease , they also work for girls ! I 'd Know !
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I love ASICS ... I 've been using these twice a week for over 3 years now . They 're still functional -LRB- i.e. no holes , loose sole , etc. -RRB- .
 I have some of thease and they , i think , are the best and almost all of the guys on the teem have thease , they also work for girls ! I 'd Know !
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 This shoe is great . Me feet are really sensative sometimes because i wear heels alot so when i were these they feel sooo soft . I defintly reccomend this shoe
 I purchased these boots in september for the hunting season . I have recently purchased another pair for my father I liked them so much .
 Great boots , fit great the second time around , which was my bad the first time , ordered them to narrow , very stylish , had alot of compliments on the style
 I purchased these boots in september for the hunting season . I have recently purchased another pair for my father I liked them so much .
 Great boots , fit great the second time around , which was my bad the first time , ordered them to narrow , very stylish , had alot of compliments on the style
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 After 49 years , I finally have a pair of shoes that convinced me to go out and buy another pair like them -LRB- but in a different color -RRB- and buy more shoes of that brand . I will not buy another pair of shoes that are not Earth shoes!I have a swollen nerve in one foot that prevents me from wearing high heels or any shoe that has a narrow toe box . The Earth shoes all have wide toe boxes that do not squeeze my toes . The Earth shoes are made with the heel lower than the toes which gives your calves a nice workout , but it also allows for a much more natural walking gait -LRB- like you are barefoot on soft dirt or sand -RRB- . I can now walk and stand for hours without my feet hurting ! I also have fairly high arches that receive good support in the Earth shoes.I have bought my daughter the same shoe as well as some Earth winter boots . She has also loved these shoes .
 These shoes are the most comfortable shoe I 've owned . I have bone spurs in my heels , plantar fasciitis , and am overweight , and these shoes make me feel lighter and without so much pain , like I am wearing comfortable slippers , except with support . I will definitely buy more .
 I tried these Lazers to see if they might put an end to my foot pain - in the joint or `` ball '' of my right big toe - which had been negatively affecting the joy I get from walking . Well they did the trick , in them I am able to do four or five 5-mile walks every week on varied terrain , pain-free . I began to wonder if the results were because of the lowered heel or because of the total flexibility and softness of the shoe and since the Lazers do have a fairly thin sole allowing some pressure to transmit through on rocky/gravelly surfaces I thought I 'd give the Rockets a try . The RocketsWomen 's Earth Rocketare like a typical athletic shoe -LRB- but with the Kalso design -RRB- so the sole is thicker and the whole shoe is just sturdier and more supportive than the Lazer . But alas my pain returned with the Rockets so now I 'm going to buy a couple more pairs of Lazers and stick with them . I 'd way rather feel a rock or two underfoot than have that incessant toe pain any day . So I conclude that my problem was solved not necessarily by a lowered heel but rather by a softer and more flexible shoe . You may wonder why I do n't buy a less expensive soft and flexible shoe if that 's all I 'm in need of and I wondered the same but decided that the wide shape in the front area of the Earth was of significant value and also , I think that the lowered heel very likely prevents over-pronation which I have a tendency to do .
 These are just awesome , lightweight and flexible with great support . Very comfortable , Nice looking too !
 Wearing these shoes are more comfortable than wearing no shoes . I wore Earth Shoes over 30 years ago when there was just one style and loved them then . I now stand on my feet for work 9 to 10 hours a day and wear NOTHING but Earth Shoes for work and leisure .
 Let 's start with , I really have problems with my feet , thus finding shoes that do n't hurt , is difficult . I read a lot of reviews before I bought these . It 's a nice shoe , runs wide enough . My main problem is in the instep . I have a high instep , not incredibly high , but on the high side and these are tight . The laces are fake ; you ca n't open the laces up to put the shoe on . The tongue comes way up ; so there is n't a lot of room to get your foot in ; so if you have a high instep , think about these , maybe try to find other reviews and see if anyone else has had any problems . They have a little give , but not much . Everyone loves them , maybe it 's just me , but not my favorites . I think if I could actually open them like a regular tennis shoe , I would like them more . Great arch support , width is good for me , which means if you have narrow feet , steer clear . Come in fabulous colors , which I did n't get . If you are looking and only find drab colors , keep searching as the new colors are great and there are a lot !!!
 I have theses shoes they are very comfortable and lightweight . Spray with scotchgard to keep nice looking . They fold up for traveling and then spring back to shape . Nice arch support , excellent walking shoes .
 This is my second pair of Earth Lazers . They are wonderful walking shoes . I use them for work and exercise . Very comfortable , lightweight and flexible . I wore them on a trip to Europe and my feet never hurt after doing much walking .
 As I have been wearing Earth shoes exclusively for the past 5 years , I knew exactly what I was getting when I placed my order . My sister & I both call them miracle shoes . They will feel different if you are wearing them for the first time , because the heel is a little lower than the toe ; therefore , there is naturally an adjustment period of aproximately 10 to fourteen days . Before I started wearing these shoes , all I could think about was my feet and how much they hurt . I was on my feet my entire work day and by the end I had to concentrate on just putting one foot in front of the other . My pain was terrible . My first day of wearing these shoes , the pain was much better . After the first two weeks , it was gone ! My back ache was less , too ! I forgot about my feet , and I could concentrate on my job ! I admit , I do have favorites and this Lazor is one of them . . very comfy and weighs next to nothing ! When I saw them on sale , I snatched them up ! If your feet hurt , give them a try . I wo n't wear any other brand !
 These are my favorite shoes ! I wear them all day , and forget I have them on , except I notice my back feels better than usual . I can stand on my feet for long periods of time without having fatigue in my legs or back . The sole is flexible and light , my toes have plenty of room in front , yet they do n't slip off my heels , and they are easy to put on and take off . Awesome shoe !
 Picked up these shoes for the wife -LRB- whom is VERY picky -RRB- and she absolutely loved them . Great affordable price and kickback in return from the lil ' woman ! It pays to pricegrab .
 Excellent lightweight very comfortable shoes . I have 2 pairs in different colors . Perfect for fall weather
 These walking shoes are so light and comfortable . They fit perfectly . I love them and would recommend them to anyone who enjoys walking and comfortable feet !
 My shoes were delivered on time , had special rates , and are the correct size . It means I would purchase from Amazon again and from this shoe company supplier for the Earth Shoe I like .
 I have back issues and these shoes offer arch support and help with good posture . Love them , this is my second pair .
 These are my second pair of Earth Lazers . I have a narrow foot , size 11 , and they fit just perfectly . The heel is snug , and the toebed is more of a medium fit . But , when you walk in these shoes , the weight falls towards the heel , so you do n't really need a narrow toe box . I did order them in a size ten , instead of the 11 , and my foot feels supported and secure . It 's great for someone with a bad back too . They are ultra light and fit easily into luggage for travel . You are probably not supposed to wash these , but I did in a low setting . They came out just fine . I do n't think you should put them in the dryer , however . The price offered on Amazon , in conjunction with the Amazon credit card , made this too hard to resist . So glad I got them . Highly recommended !
 This is my fourth pair of Lazers.It 's a great shoe if you have foot problems like bunions , hammer toes and pain in the ball of the foot . The negative heel takes the weight off the ball and the soft `` suede '' allows for give and does not rub sensitive areas.I have been able to do serious walking since I discovered these shoes . I just wish I could get the dark blue in my size again . Apparently not made anymore ? I do love my `` blue suede shoes . ''
 I have chronic pain in my back and have had surgery on one of my feet . Needless to say , I do n't get along with most of the shoes out there . They either make it so after an hour on my feet my back hurts , or when I take my shoes off my arches feel bruised , or some such combination of the former two statements.I first bought a pair of Earth Shoes back in 2008 , when I got my first job as a server . When I started working in an office I purchased a pair of `` dress '' Earth shoes.I recently had to replace my casual pair because they began to come apart at the seams . After a year of being abused in a restaurant -LRB- working 2 jobs , I averaged 60 hours a week on my feet -RRB- , constant use for walking , going out with friends , running , and bike riding my old pair finally wore out . So I purchased a new pair and when I put them on they were just as comfortable as my old pair . These are lightweight shoes and with the posture correcting `` negative heel technology '' they help me to burn calories while I 'm walking down the street.With my back the way that it is , these are the only shoes that I can wear for any length of time if I 'm going to be on my feet at all . They are amazing and I swear by them . They have an interesting design , they may not be all that stylish , but they are comfortable and they last for quite a while , even with heavy use .
 Shoes are very comfortable for being on my feet at a 7 hour part time job . Like the low heel for walking and NO lower back pain ! Also the wide toe box . Would not go on long walks as it does not have firm support around the ankle area .
 I 'm writing this review for those of you who wear the small sizes still available in this model . BUY THESE FOR YOUR FEET !! Your back will be happier , too . I have just 2 pairs of these , but wish I could have filled a closet shelf with them before they disappeared from Earth 's product line . Most comfortable shoes ever made and weightless so you can toss an extra pair in your bag for color change or rain . My first pair was from Melbourne , Australia , where I limped into a lovely little shoe store with bunion aflame and blisters to boot . Immediate relief - saved my trip , then many future ones . Best souvenir I found , in fact . Fit true on my narrow heel , have no seams to put pressure anywhere on the forefoot , and I can wiggle my toes to my heart 's content . I immediately bought another color and told everyone I knew to pick some up . But then tragedy struck . No more availability for my size 9.5 feet in any color at all . Now I am depressed , and will go put on my black Lazers circa 2008 for a nice walk to cheer me up .
 Very hard to find an Olive shoe and this fits the bill spot on . Its well made and comfortable , although maybe a bit hard or the first wear , but it looks very fashionable and good quality . I really am pleased . Its great buy . .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 This shoe is great . Me feet are really sensative sometimes because i wear heels alot so when i were these they feel sooo soft . I defintly reccomend this shoe
 I purchased these boots in september for the hunting season . I have recently purchased another pair for my father I liked them so much .
 Great boots , fit great the second time around , which was my bad the first time , ordered them to narrow , very stylish , had alot of compliments on the style
 Very Nice Sandal should not discontinue this style ever , very comfortable to wear anytime , thank you for being so prompt in your delivery !
 I wore these shoes all over Disney World for a week and never had a problem w/tired or sore feet . I have never found a more comfortable shoe !
 I have had these sandles before so I had an idea what I was getting when I ordered them . These have more padding in them and that means wearing them longer without hurting the feet . I would definitely tell a friend to buy these . If fact , I did recommend them and the person bought them and liked them as much as I.
 I purchased two pair of Newbeat sandals , the Brown and the `` navy '' , which is actually a deep royal . They were instantly comfortable right out of the box , and a slight adjustment of the three straps made these the best sandals I 've ever purchased . My feet are two different sizes amd two different widths due to bunions and surgery . The Newbeat sandals accomodate this . I 've been wearing them daily , all day , since they arrived about a month ago , and I will be a Clarks customer from now on !
 I am very satisfied with the Clark Sandals , Amazon did a great job in shipping on time and getting the right product to me .
 I have found that the Newbeat is more comfortable than the Sunbeat . This is a very good shoe for me to wear working in Retail . The arch seems to hit better than the Sunbeat .
 I purchased two pair of Newbeat sandals , the Brown and the `` Midnight blue '' , which is a deep royal . They were instantly comfortable right out of the box , and a slight adjustment of the three straps made these the best sandals I 've ever purchased . My feet are two different sizes amd two different widths due to bunions and surgery . The Newbeat sandals accomodate this . I 've been wearing them daily , all day , since they arrived about a month ago , and I will be a Clarks customer from now on !
 The Clarks Newbeat Springer sandal is the most comfortable I have ever worn . It is totally adjustable and cushions your foot with every step . A definite `` worth every penny '' shoe .
 I love these shoes . An excellent choice for my job as a teacher . I 've been buying them for over six years . They are very comfortable and sturdy , plus they are nice looking . The only thing to keep in mind when ordering them is that they come in a complete size bigger than marked . Other than that I highly recommend them .
 My friends seem to all wear these shoes , so I thought I would give them a try . They are indeed very comfortable . I am a teacher on my feet from 8 to five daily , so comfort is my biggest issue , and looks the second biggest when it comes to shoes ... looks wise I do feel like I am wearing my mother 's shoes . I wore them the first time out of the box no problem , very comfortable , soft and feel good against my feet . Not as much arch support as I would have expected . Also wish that I had tried them on in a store first as they seem to run large . I wear 10 1/2 ... so in ordering the ten ... thought that would be fine . Believe I could have gone with a 9 1/2 easily ... or maybe it was just this individual shoe . I wo n't buy any more until I try them on in a store first .
 I think a description on sizing would be helpful , i.e. this sandle runs true to size or this sandle runs large . I had to return because it was too big , and so the price became more due to postage to return .
 I just love these shoes . I have them in three colors . Could n't find the white locally , so I ordered them . Received them in record time . As a matter of fact , I am wearing them right now !!
 I have worn Clarks ' for years . The first pair was a hand-me-down from my sister . I really liked them . I have bought a few pairs over the years.I love the new ones I just got . Black-Midnight Blue , Brown , and Greystone ... SO comfortable.But an odd thing happened to my old Clark 's -- the bottoms blew out like a tire ... it happened to my mother 's pair also ... I guess we really did wear them to death . But that 's because they are such comfortable fabulous shoes , and they were always my first choice when going to the closet for shoes . These will probably last longer because I got so many more colors to wear .
 I purchased these boots in september for the hunting season . I have recently purchased another pair for my father I liked them so much .
 Great boots , fit great the second time around , which was my bad the first time , ordered them to narrow , very stylish , had alot of compliments on the style
 I purchased these boots in september for the hunting season . I have recently purchased another pair for my father I liked them so much .
 Great boots , fit great the second time around , which was my bad the first time , ordered them to narrow , very stylish , had alot of compliments on the style
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I purchased these boots in september for the hunting season . I have recently purchased another pair for my father I liked them so much .
 Great boots , fit great the second time around , which was my bad the first time , ordered them to narrow , very stylish , had alot of compliments on the style
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 These boots are great . My husband swears it 's like not wearing shoes at all . They are tough and withstand his job as a groundsman for a tree company . Outstanding . You ca n't go wrong with Tims .
 I love these shoes . They are very comfortable , and people compliment me about these shoes all the time .
 good morningthe excellence of the purchase is that I arrive in the estimated time and are products that people want to buy is a great way to buy cards by providing this optionto shop and provide good service and hope to continue buying the best of you waiting felicitacciones
 These are the most comfortable timberlands my husband has ever had ... He loves and wants another pair for work he said its worth it !!
 My husband is so pleased with these boots . He loves timberland and we were so lucky they had his size . Absolute great buy .
 Timberland Men 's Euro Hiker Boot , Grey/Grey ,9.5 M US great boots for work or very day life very comfortable , worm and soft inside great boots for fare value .
 I love how comfortable they feel on my feet . I did forget that Timberland 's are usually sized a bit large when compared to shoes . Normally I 'm a size 12 shoe but only in Timberland 's I would be a size 11 . Luckily for me I ordered a 11.5 size so it was n't bad enough for me to return . Just have to lace them up tighter but still not an issue when it comes to them being comfortable and durable . It did take me a couple of days to break them in so now the size issue is none existent .
 Hi , I 'm from Colombia , it is the first time that I buy in Amazon and the product that I received was in conditions excelents , I 'm very excited with the product !!! Timberland Men 's Euro Hiker Boot , Grey/Grey ,7 M US
 The product was is in great quality as expected from the Timberland brand . The only issue I had was that the shoe came looking new from the outside whole the inside showed sines of wear -LRB- dirt scuffs , sand , etc. -RRB- which disappointed me since the shoe was a gift for a loved one . The shoes are comfortable and well supported as reported to me . Be careful when you go with white . Stains only come off if you clean them right away . Scuffs are easily noticeable and near impossible to get off . The colors in the pictures on Amazon are very accurate.I would definitely buy them again and would reccommend it to others .
 This great outdoor shoes , has a very price-quality relation . Are you loocking for a outdoor shoes ??? . Look at that . Confortable and good price .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I purchased these for my mother and she loves them , she 's very picky about shoes but really likes how they feel.The pictures really do them no justice . They have very light sky blue patches along the sides back and front . The 3 stripes in the middle are more of a navy blue along with the rim/inside of shoe , the pictures make it look much darker . They are really nice looking shoes.These were purchased along with A3 Feather Trainer 's and my mom picked the Supernova 's because they were a little softer than the A3 's . Even though she thought both felt good the A3 's were a little too stiff for her.Side by side the Supernova looks much nicer than the A3 .
 I purchased these boots in september for the hunting season . I have recently purchased another pair for my father I liked them so much .
 Great boots , fit great the second time around , which was my bad the first time , ordered them to narrow , very stylish , had alot of compliments on the style
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 We bought this shoe after my son began crawling and was trying to stand up . We had a hard time finding shoes that fit my childs little fat foot but this shoe is great . It not only fits his foot but it is the only shoe that stays on while he is crawling , walking and just playing . I never thought this shoe would last but he has worn them everyday for over 2 months now and they still look great . Trust me that is a huge accomplishment considering that he is crawling everywhere and is in his walker all the time . Everywhere we go people always comment on how cute his shoes are so trust me these are not only great shoes but they look great too !
 Overall I like this bag . It runs approx . 15 '' x 10 '' x 5 '' . I can put my 13.3 '' laptop in its sleeve , place it in here and have room to spare . It 's also a very nice looking bag.I do n't like the fact that there are no small compartments for keys , wallet , etc. . I 'd like to have an inside zippered pocket for stuff like that , and will probably sew one in rather than return the bag.I also am curious to see how the straps will hold up . They seem a tad lightweight for this size of bag -LRB- 3/4 '' wide -RRB- . Time will tell . If they fail , I 'll be sure to note that here in the future.Also of note , if you order directly from World Of Bags , shipping is free . If you order through Amazon , it 's over $ 20 ! : - OBack a few months later . The straps do not hold up well . Threads started to separate after a month of use . Also , having no inner pockets or other built-in storage became quite annoying . I 'd change the star rating to a 2.5 . The company did refund the shipping costs after I contacted them about it .
 I purchased these boots in september for the hunting season . I have recently purchased another pair for my father I liked them so much .
 Great boots , fit great the second time around , which was my bad the first time , ordered them to narrow , very stylish , had alot of compliments on the style
 I purchased these boots in september for the hunting season . I have recently purchased another pair for my father I liked them so much .
 Great boots , fit great the second time around , which was my bad the first time , ordered them to narrow , very stylish , had alot of compliments on the style
 `` The Shoes are amazing . They look great and they are comfortable . My only advice is Please order your shoes at least a size bigger . They run small .
 I ordered these because I needed a pair for the spring production at my high school . At first I was skeptical that character shoes would be comfortable to dance in because I was in the mindset that `` heels are heels '' and , furthermore , `` all heels are uncomfortable . '' I now know that that is n't necessarily the case . I received them in the mail today and decided to wear them while I made dinner -LRB- because I knew that I 'd be on my feet for a period of time -RRB- and they were fantastic . I found them incredibly comfortable , albeit a little stiff at first , however , easy to get used to.Many say to order a half size up from your street shoes -- no , order a half size up from the size you get for a pair of dressy heels . Normally I wear a 7 1/2 in street shoes and I wear an 8 in heels and dress shoes , so I ordered an 8 1/2 for these and they fit wonderfully !
 I am a musical theatre student . The first time I ever wore these was to an all-day rehearsal . I was prepared for a painful breaking in day . What I got was comfort all day . I ordered a full size up -LRB- I wear a 9 and ordered 10 -RRB- and they fit absolutely PERFECTLY !!!!! They are comfy with their padded soles and I absolutely adore them . I have worn them regularly for a few months now and they are still holding strong . The paint is chipping a tiny bit where I 've been rather rough on them and they look a little strange on the front half of the shoe , but it is hardly noticeable . I love these shoes to bits and pieces and would deffinitely buy them again ! I have recommended them to many friends .
 They were good shoes . I love Adidas but they shoes were not to comfortable . I might have thought and should of thought about it twice before I purchased them , but good in style and very light .
 I purchased these boots in september for the hunting season . I have recently purchased another pair for my father I liked them so much .
 Great boots , fit great the second time around , which was my bad the first time , ordered them to narrow , very stylish , had alot of compliments on the style
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 After 49 years , I finally have a pair of shoes that convinced me to go out and buy another pair like them -LRB- but in a different color -RRB- and buy more shoes of that brand . I will not buy another pair of shoes that are not Earth shoes!I have a swollen nerve in one foot that prevents me from wearing high heels or any shoe that has a narrow toe box . The Earth shoes all have wide toe boxes that do not squeeze my toes . The Earth shoes are made with the heel lower than the toes which gives your calves a nice workout , but it also allows for a much more natural walking gait -LRB- like you are barefoot on soft dirt or sand -RRB- . I can now walk and stand for hours without my feet hurting ! I also have fairly high arches that receive good support in the Earth shoes.I have bought my daughter the same shoe as well as some Earth winter boots . She has also loved these shoes .
 These shoes are the most comfortable shoe I 've owned . I have bone spurs in my heels , plantar fasciitis , and am overweight , and these shoes make me feel lighter and without so much pain , like I am wearing comfortable slippers , except with support . I will definitely buy more .
 I tried these Lazers to see if they might put an end to my foot pain - in the joint or `` ball '' of my right big toe - which had been negatively affecting the joy I get from walking . Well they did the trick , in them I am able to do four or five 5-mile walks every week on varied terrain , pain-free . I began to wonder if the results were because of the lowered heel or because of the total flexibility and softness of the shoe and since the Lazers do have a fairly thin sole allowing some pressure to transmit through on rocky/gravelly surfaces I thought I 'd give the Rockets a try . The RocketsWomen 's Earth Rocketare like a typical athletic shoe -LRB- but with the Kalso design -RRB- so the sole is thicker and the whole shoe is just sturdier and more supportive than the Lazer . But alas my pain returned with the Rockets so now I 'm going to buy a couple more pairs of Lazers and stick with them . I 'd way rather feel a rock or two underfoot than have that incessant toe pain any day . So I conclude that my problem was solved not necessarily by a lowered heel but rather by a softer and more flexible shoe . You may wonder why I do n't buy a less expensive soft and flexible shoe if that 's all I 'm in need of and I wondered the same but decided that the wide shape in the front area of the Earth was of significant value and also , I think that the lowered heel very likely prevents over-pronation which I have a tendency to do .
 These are just awesome , lightweight and flexible with great support . Very comfortable , Nice looking too !
 Wearing these shoes are more comfortable than wearing no shoes . I wore Earth Shoes over 30 years ago when there was just one style and loved them then . I now stand on my feet for work 9 to 10 hours a day and wear NOTHING but Earth Shoes for work and leisure .
 Let 's start with , I really have problems with my feet , thus finding shoes that do n't hurt , is difficult . I read a lot of reviews before I bought these . It 's a nice shoe , runs wide enough . My main problem is in the instep . I have a high instep , not incredibly high , but on the high side and these are tight . The laces are fake ; you ca n't open the laces up to put the shoe on . The tongue comes way up ; so there is n't a lot of room to get your foot in ; so if you have a high instep , think about these , maybe try to find other reviews and see if anyone else has had any problems . They have a little give , but not much . Everyone loves them , maybe it 's just me , but not my favorites . I think if I could actually open them like a regular tennis shoe , I would like them more . Great arch support , width is good for me , which means if you have narrow feet , steer clear . Come in fabulous colors , which I did n't get . If you are looking and only find drab colors , keep searching as the new colors are great and there are a lot !!!
 I have theses shoes they are very comfortable and lightweight . Spray with scotchgard to keep nice looking . They fold up for traveling and then spring back to shape . Nice arch support , excellent walking shoes .
 This is my second pair of Earth Lazers . They are wonderful walking shoes . I use them for work and exercise . Very comfortable , lightweight and flexible . I wore them on a trip to Europe and my feet never hurt after doing much walking .
 As I have been wearing Earth shoes exclusively for the past 5 years , I knew exactly what I was getting when I placed my order . My sister & I both call them miracle shoes . They will feel different if you are wearing them for the first time , because the heel is a little lower than the toe ; therefore , there is naturally an adjustment period of aproximately 10 to fourteen days . Before I started wearing these shoes , all I could think about was my feet and how much they hurt . I was on my feet my entire work day and by the end I had to concentrate on just putting one foot in front of the other . My pain was terrible . My first day of wearing these shoes , the pain was much better . After the first two weeks , it was gone ! My back ache was less , too ! I forgot about my feet , and I could concentrate on my job ! I admit , I do have favorites and this Lazor is one of them . . very comfy and weighs next to nothing ! When I saw them on sale , I snatched them up ! If your feet hurt , give them a try . I wo n't wear any other brand !
 These are my favorite shoes ! I wear them all day , and forget I have them on , except I notice my back feels better than usual . I can stand on my feet for long periods of time without having fatigue in my legs or back . The sole is flexible and light , my toes have plenty of room in front , yet they do n't slip off my heels , and they are easy to put on and take off . Awesome shoe !
 I 'm writing this review for those of you who wear the small sizes still available in this model . BUY THESE FOR YOUR FEET !! Your back will be happier , too . I have just 2 pairs of these , but wish I could have filled a closet shelf with them before they disappeared from Earth 's product line . Most comfortable shoes ever made and weightless so you can toss an extra pair in your bag for color change or rain . My first pair was from Melbourne , Australia , where I limped into a lovely little shoe store with bunion aflame and blisters to boot . Immediate relief - saved my trip , then many future ones . Best souvenir I found , in fact . Fit true on my narrow heel , have no seams to put pressure anywhere on the forefoot , and I can wiggle my toes to my heart 's content . I immediately bought another color and told everyone I knew to pick some up . But then tragedy struck . No more availability for my size 9.5 feet in any color at all . Now I am depressed , and will go put on my black Lazers circa 2008 for a nice walk to cheer me up .
 Picked up these shoes for the wife -LRB- whom is VERY picky -RRB- and she absolutely loved them . Great affordable price and kickback in return from the lil ' woman ! It pays to pricegrab .
 Excellent lightweight very comfortable shoes . I have 2 pairs in different colors . Perfect for fall weather
 These walking shoes are so light and comfortable . They fit perfectly . I love them and would recommend them to anyone who enjoys walking and comfortable feet !
 My shoes were delivered on time , had special rates , and are the correct size . It means I would purchase from Amazon again and from this shoe company supplier for the Earth Shoe I like .
 I have back issues and these shoes offer arch support and help with good posture . Love them , this is my second pair .
 These are my second pair of Earth Lazers . I have a narrow foot , size 11 , and they fit just perfectly . The heel is snug , and the toebed is more of a medium fit . But , when you walk in these shoes , the weight falls towards the heel , so you do n't really need a narrow toe box . I did order them in a size ten , instead of the 11 , and my foot feels supported and secure . It 's great for someone with a bad back too . They are ultra light and fit easily into luggage for travel . You are probably not supposed to wash these , but I did in a low setting . They came out just fine . I do n't think you should put them in the dryer , however . The price offered on Amazon , in conjunction with the Amazon credit card , made this too hard to resist . So glad I got them . Highly recommended !
 This is my fourth pair of Lazers.It 's a great shoe if you have foot problems like bunions , hammer toes and pain in the ball of the foot . The negative heel takes the weight off the ball and the soft `` suede '' allows for give and does not rub sensitive areas.I have been able to do serious walking since I discovered these shoes . I just wish I could get the dark blue in my size again . Apparently not made anymore ? I do love my `` blue suede shoes . ''
 I have chronic pain in my back and have had surgery on one of my feet . Needless to say , I do n't get along with most of the shoes out there . They either make it so after an hour on my feet my back hurts , or when I take my shoes off my arches feel bruised , or some such combination of the former two statements.I first bought a pair of Earth Shoes back in 2008 , when I got my first job as a server . When I started working in an office I purchased a pair of `` dress '' Earth shoes.I recently had to replace my casual pair because they began to come apart at the seams . After a year of being abused in a restaurant -LRB- working 2 jobs , I averaged 60 hours a week on my feet -RRB- , constant use for walking , going out with friends , running , and bike riding my old pair finally wore out . So I purchased a new pair and when I put them on they were just as comfortable as my old pair . These are lightweight shoes and with the posture correcting `` negative heel technology '' they help me to burn calories while I 'm walking down the street.With my back the way that it is , these are the only shoes that I can wear for any length of time if I 'm going to be on my feet at all . They are amazing and I swear by them . They have an interesting design , they may not be all that stylish , but they are comfortable and they last for quite a while , even with heavy use .
 Shoes are very comfortable for being on my feet at a 7 hour part time job . Like the low heel for walking and NO lower back pain ! Also the wide toe box . Would not go on long walks as it does not have firm support around the ankle area .
 I do a lot of hiking and while I 'm happy with traditional hiking boots I 've often wished for something robust that had a higher side , to keep out the grit and pebbles that inevitably make their way into my shoes whenever I 'm out on the trails . So when I heard about Danner I did some research and looked around for a local stockist , but alas no one within 100 miles had what I was looking for . Normally I 'd never buy shoes over the Internet , but with no other option I gave it a shot . The boots arrived quickly and it was immediately apparent that they are a very high quality product . When I tried them on I was very pleased by the comfort and support . A short 150-minute hike revealed that they needed some break-in time , as they left my heels with large blisters . The soles and sides of my feet , however , were totally protected.Now , some weeks and many kilometres later , the boots have broken in to the point where I can comfortably hike for 3 hours under a full pack without blistering or chafing . Hopefully I 'll be able to work these boots up to full 10-hour hikes , at which point they will be pretty much everything I could hope for . The thick soles provide plenty of cushion over rough terrain , the waterproofing works -LRB- at least through small streams -RRB- and the Gore-Tex inserts help my feet breath sufficiently to avoid over-sweating . I 'm also really pleased to be able to recommend whole-heartedly an American product that 's proudly made in the USA . For too long , US companies have either sent work off-shore or have hidden behind protectionist barriers in order to palm off shoddy products on captive consumers -LRB- yes , General Motors and Motorola , I 'm talking about you but there are many others -RRB- or they 've just made junk that relies on brand loyalty alone -LRB- Harley-Davidson , please stop making 1930s machines with 1930s mechanical problems -RRB- . With Danner you get a great product made by great people that is competitively priced and can stand comparison with similar products made anywhere else in the world . America needs more companies like Danner .
 I purchased these boots in september for the hunting season . I have recently purchased another pair for my father I liked them so much .
 Great boots , fit great the second time around , which was my bad the first time , ordered them to narrow , very stylish , had alot of compliments on the style
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I purchased these boots in september for the hunting season . I have recently purchased another pair for my father I liked them so much .
 Great boots , fit great the second time around , which was my bad the first time , ordered them to narrow , very stylish , had alot of compliments on the style
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I purchased these boots in september for the hunting season . I have recently purchased another pair for my father I liked them so much .
 Great boots , fit great the second time around , which was my bad the first time , ordered them to narrow , very stylish , had alot of compliments on the style
 We bought this shoe after my son began crawling and was trying to stand up . We had a hard time finding shoes that fit my childs little fat foot but this shoe is great . It not only fits his foot but it is the only shoe that stays on while he is crawling , walking and just playing . I never thought this shoe would last but he has worn them everyday for over 2 months now and they still look great . Trust me that is a huge accomplishment considering that he is crawling everywhere and is in his walker all the time . Everywhere we go people always comment on how cute his shoes are so trust me these are not only great shoes but they look great too !
 This shoe is not as light as similar Rockports or other Bostonians that I own , but it is put together well , wears comfortably and takes a nice shine .
 I do a lot of hiking and while I 'm happy with traditional hiking boots I 've often wished for something robust that had a higher side , to keep out the grit and pebbles that inevitably make their way into my shoes whenever I 'm out on the trails . So when I heard about Danner I did some research and looked around for a local stockist , but alas no one within 100 miles had what I was looking for . Normally I 'd never buy shoes over the Internet , but with no other option I gave it a shot . The boots arrived quickly and it was immediately apparent that they are a very high quality product . When I tried them on I was very pleased by the comfort and support . A short 150-minute hike revealed that they needed some break-in time , as they left my heels with large blisters . The soles and sides of my feet , however , were totally protected.Now , some weeks and many kilometres later , the boots have broken in to the point where I can comfortably hike for 3 hours under a full pack without blistering or chafing . Hopefully I 'll be able to work these boots up to full 10-hour hikes , at which point they will be pretty much everything I could hope for . The thick soles provide plenty of cushion over rough terrain , the waterproofing works -LRB- at least through small streams -RRB- and the Gore-Tex inserts help my feet breath sufficiently to avoid over-sweating . I 'm also really pleased to be able to recommend whole-heartedly an American product that 's proudly made in the USA . For too long , US companies have either sent work off-shore or have hidden behind protectionist barriers in order to palm off shoddy products on captive consumers -LRB- yes , General Motors and Motorola , I 'm talking about you but there are many others -RRB- or they 've just made junk that relies on brand loyalty alone -LRB- Harley-Davidson , please stop making 1930s machines with 1930s mechanical problems -RRB- . With Danner you get a great product made by great people that is competitively priced and can stand comparison with similar products made anywhere else in the world . America needs more companies like Danner .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I bought these , and a super expensive pair of DKNY Mary Janes - by far , the Rockports were so much more comfortable and actually looked more `` expensive '' than the DKNY 's ... . so much so , that I returned the others and kept the Rockports .
 I really like Rockports so I was really dissappointed when I couldnt fit into the 10B . I have flat , wide feet and could not fit these.I had to return this item .
 After trying sandal upon sandal , the Opas from Steve Madden proved to be top notch at a great price . If you have a hard time getting used to wearing sandals , these work out great . The design allows you to wear these with shorts or jeans . Unlike most sandals of this type the footbed is sqeak free and zero slippage . As for fit I 'm a standard 9.5 and had to go with a 9 for the best fit .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I do a lot of hiking and while I 'm happy with traditional hiking boots I 've often wished for something robust that had a higher side , to keep out the grit and pebbles that inevitably make their way into my shoes whenever I 'm out on the trails . So when I heard about Danner I did some research and looked around for a local stockist , but alas no one within 100 miles had what I was looking for . Normally I 'd never buy shoes over the Internet , but with no other option I gave it a shot . The boots arrived quickly and it was immediately apparent that they are a very high quality product . When I tried them on I was very pleased by the comfort and support . A short 150-minute hike revealed that they needed some break-in time , as they left my heels with large blisters . The soles and sides of my feet , however , were totally protected.Now , some weeks and many kilometres later , the boots have broken in to the point where I can comfortably hike for 3 hours under a full pack without blistering or chafing . Hopefully I 'll be able to work these boots up to full 10-hour hikes , at which point they will be pretty much everything I could hope for . The thick soles provide plenty of cushion over rough terrain , the waterproofing works -LRB- at least through small streams -RRB- and the Gore-Tex inserts help my feet breath sufficiently to avoid over-sweating . I 'm also really pleased to be able to recommend whole-heartedly an American product that 's proudly made in the USA . For too long , US companies have either sent work off-shore or have hidden behind protectionist barriers in order to palm off shoddy products on captive consumers -LRB- yes , General Motors and Motorola , I 'm talking about you but there are many others -RRB- or they 've just made junk that relies on brand loyalty alone -LRB- Harley-Davidson , please stop making 1930s machines with 1930s mechanical problems -RRB- . With Danner you get a great product made by great people that is competitively priced and can stand comparison with similar products made anywhere else in the world . America needs more companies like Danner .
 I do a lot of hiking and while I 'm happy with traditional hiking boots I 've often wished for something robust that had a higher side , to keep out the grit and pebbles that inevitably make their way into my shoes whenever I 'm out on the trails . So when I heard about Danner I did some research and looked around for a local stockist , but alas no one within 100 miles had what I was looking for . Normally I 'd never buy shoes over the Internet , but with no other option I gave it a shot . The boots arrived quickly and it was immediately apparent that they are a very high quality product . When I tried them on I was very pleased by the comfort and support . A short 150-minute hike revealed that they needed some break-in time , as they left my heels with large blisters . The soles and sides of my feet , however , were totally protected.Now , some weeks and many kilometres later , the boots have broken in to the point where I can comfortably hike for 3 hours under a full pack without blistering or chafing . Hopefully I 'll be able to work these boots up to full 10-hour hikes , at which point they will be pretty much everything I could hope for . The thick soles provide plenty of cushion over rough terrain , the waterproofing works -LRB- at least through small streams -RRB- and the Gore-Tex inserts help my feet breath sufficiently to avoid over-sweating . I 'm also really pleased to be able to recommend whole-heartedly an American product that 's proudly made in the USA . For too long , US companies have either sent work off-shore or have hidden behind protectionist barriers in order to palm off shoddy products on captive consumers -LRB- yes , General Motors and Motorola , I 'm talking about you but there are many others -RRB- or they 've just made junk that relies on brand loyalty alone -LRB- Harley-Davidson , please stop making 1930s machines with 1930s mechanical problems -RRB- . With Danner you get a great product made by great people that is competitively priced and can stand comparison with similar products made anywhere else in the world . America needs more companies like Danner .
 I purchased these boots in september for the hunting season . I have recently purchased another pair for my father I liked them so much .
 Great boots , fit great the second time around , which was my bad the first time , ordered them to narrow , very stylish , had alot of compliments on the style
 I found that these shoes ran a bit large -LRB- I ended up returning for a 1/2 size smaller -RRB- . The fit is very comfortable once you get the right size . The support is excellent .
 My new shoes are exactly as I expected them to be . The size is perfect , the style as described , they arrived when expected . Shopping on line is not always this satisfactory .
 It 's hard to find shoes that you can run around in all day without wanting to kill yourself . These are the best shoes I 've ever had . I love you Adidas !
 These are great shoes , very comfortable ! The shipping was on time , and I am overall very pleased with them .
 I have not worn Adidas in a while and I think these shoes have made me a loyal adidas customer again . I use them for light jogging and aerobics . My feet have never felt better .
 I too , found that these run about a 1/2 size bigger than normal and ended up returning for a 1/2 size smaller . These have to be the most comfortable shoe that I have ever owned !! The support is amazing and I love the colors ! You will not be disappointed !
 I thought that ordering shoes online would be a huge mistake , but I tried and they had fit perfect not too mention looked as sharp as a pythons fang . the shoes were comfortable , I wore them first time out of the box for a wedding , had no problems all night . Good Buy for the money and style .
 I love everything about the Giorgio Brutini line ! This is not my first Giorgio Brutini purchase and I am confident it will not be my last . There is one caveat though , Order these shoes 1 full size larger than your size as these shoes run small . I have received countless compliments and have referred many a shoe admirer to Giorgio Brutini . Buy with confidence ! The quality of the workmanship is as undeniable as the stylish good looks .
 I can summerise it with this ... . It was a wonderful purchased ... . It felt good wearing it ... I fully recommend it for anyone who wants luxury shoes .
 These are some nice shoes . You know what ? Had I told my wife prior , I would have bought more pairs.But now that she knows , I 'm going to look for different colors to buy . Excellent service , super price.Very good experience with this seller , buy from this store .
 I do a lot of hiking and while I 'm happy with traditional hiking boots I 've often wished for something robust that had a higher side , to keep out the grit and pebbles that inevitably make their way into my shoes whenever I 'm out on the trails . So when I heard about Danner I did some research and looked around for a local stockist , but alas no one within 100 miles had what I was looking for . Normally I 'd never buy shoes over the Internet , but with no other option I gave it a shot . The boots arrived quickly and it was immediately apparent that they are a very high quality product . When I tried them on I was very pleased by the comfort and support . A short 150-minute hike revealed that they needed some break-in time , as they left my heels with large blisters . The soles and sides of my feet , however , were totally protected.Now , some weeks and many kilometres later , the boots have broken in to the point where I can comfortably hike for 3 hours under a full pack without blistering or chafing . Hopefully I 'll be able to work these boots up to full 10-hour hikes , at which point they will be pretty much everything I could hope for . The thick soles provide plenty of cushion over rough terrain , the waterproofing works -LRB- at least through small streams -RRB- and the Gore-Tex inserts help my feet breath sufficiently to avoid over-sweating . I 'm also really pleased to be able to recommend whole-heartedly an American product that 's proudly made in the USA . For too long , US companies have either sent work off-shore or have hidden behind protectionist barriers in order to palm off shoddy products on captive consumers -LRB- yes , General Motors and Motorola , I 'm talking about you but there are many others -RRB- or they 've just made junk that relies on brand loyalty alone -LRB- Harley-Davidson , please stop making 1930s machines with 1930s mechanical problems -RRB- . With Danner you get a great product made by great people that is competitively priced and can stand comparison with similar products made anywhere else in the world . America needs more companies like Danner .
 After trying sandal upon sandal , the Opas from Steve Madden proved to be top notch at a great price . If you have a hard time getting used to wearing sandals , these work out great . The design allows you to wear these with shorts or jeans . Unlike most sandals of this type the footbed is sqeak free and zero slippage . As for fit I 'm a standard 9.5 and had to go with a 9 for the best fit .
 This great outdoor shoes , has a very price-quality relation . Are you loocking for a outdoor shoes ??? . Look at that . Confortable and good price .
 These boots are great . My husband swears it 's like not wearing shoes at all . They are tough and withstand his job as a groundsman for a tree company . Outstanding . You ca n't go wrong with Tims .
 I love these shoes . They are very comfortable , and people compliment me about these shoes all the time .
 good morningthe excellence of the purchase is that I arrive in the estimated time and are products that people want to buy is a great way to buy cards by providing this optionto shop and provide good service and hope to continue buying the best of you waiting felicitacciones
 These are the most comfortable timberlands my husband has ever had ... He loves and wants another pair for work he said its worth it !!
 My husband is so pleased with these boots . He loves timberland and we were so lucky they had his size . Absolute great buy .
 Timberland Men 's Euro Hiker Boot , Grey/Grey ,9.5 M US great boots for work or very day life very comfortable , worm and soft inside great boots for fare value .
 I love how comfortable they feel on my feet . I did forget that Timberland 's are usually sized a bit large when compared to shoes . Normally I 'm a size 12 shoe but only in Timberland 's I would be a size 11 . Luckily for me I ordered a 11.5 size so it was n't bad enough for me to return . Just have to lace them up tighter but still not an issue when it comes to them being comfortable and durable . It did take me a couple of days to break them in so now the size issue is none existent .
 Hi , I 'm from Colombia , it is the first time that I buy in Amazon and the product that I received was in conditions excelents , I 'm very excited with the product !!! Timberland Men 's Euro Hiker Boot , Grey/Grey ,7 M US
 The product was is in great quality as expected from the Timberland brand . The only issue I had was that the shoe came looking new from the outside whole the inside showed sines of wear -LRB- dirt scuffs , sand , etc. -RRB- which disappointed me since the shoe was a gift for a loved one . The shoes are comfortable and well supported as reported to me . Be careful when you go with white . Stains only come off if you clean them right away . Scuffs are easily noticeable and near impossible to get off . The colors in the pictures on Amazon are very accurate.I would definitely buy them again and would reccommend it to others .
 After trying sandal upon sandal , the Opas from Steve Madden proved to be top notch at a great price . If you have a hard time getting used to wearing sandals , these work out great . The design allows you to wear these with shorts or jeans . Unlike most sandals of this type the footbed is sqeak free and zero slippage . As for fit I 'm a standard 9.5 and had to go with a 9 for the best fit .
 I do n't usually buy open back shoes but I really liked the way these look . They are very pretty and nice to wear for almost any occasion . I am still adjusting to the backless part but I like them enough to work on it .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I do a lot of hiking and while I 'm happy with traditional hiking boots I 've often wished for something robust that had a higher side , to keep out the grit and pebbles that inevitably make their way into my shoes whenever I 'm out on the trails . So when I heard about Danner I did some research and looked around for a local stockist , but alas no one within 100 miles had what I was looking for . Normally I 'd never buy shoes over the Internet , but with no other option I gave it a shot . The boots arrived quickly and it was immediately apparent that they are a very high quality product . When I tried them on I was very pleased by the comfort and support . A short 150-minute hike revealed that they needed some break-in time , as they left my heels with large blisters . The soles and sides of my feet , however , were totally protected.Now , some weeks and many kilometres later , the boots have broken in to the point where I can comfortably hike for 3 hours under a full pack without blistering or chafing . Hopefully I 'll be able to work these boots up to full 10-hour hikes , at which point they will be pretty much everything I could hope for . The thick soles provide plenty of cushion over rough terrain , the waterproofing works -LRB- at least through small streams -RRB- and the Gore-Tex inserts help my feet breath sufficiently to avoid over-sweating . I 'm also really pleased to be able to recommend whole-heartedly an American product that 's proudly made in the USA . For too long , US companies have either sent work off-shore or have hidden behind protectionist barriers in order to palm off shoddy products on captive consumers -LRB- yes , General Motors and Motorola , I 'm talking about you but there are many others -RRB- or they 've just made junk that relies on brand loyalty alone -LRB- Harley-Davidson , please stop making 1930s machines with 1930s mechanical problems -RRB- . With Danner you get a great product made by great people that is competitively priced and can stand comparison with similar products made anywhere else in the world . America needs more companies like Danner .
 I purchased these boots in september for the hunting season . I have recently purchased another pair for my father I liked them so much .
 Great boots , fit great the second time around , which was my bad the first time , ordered them to narrow , very stylish , had alot of compliments on the style
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I purchased these boots in september for the hunting season . I have recently purchased another pair for my father I liked them so much .
 Great boots , fit great the second time around , which was my bad the first time , ordered them to narrow , very stylish , had alot of compliments on the style
 I do a lot of hiking and while I 'm happy with traditional hiking boots I 've often wished for something robust that had a higher side , to keep out the grit and pebbles that inevitably make their way into my shoes whenever I 'm out on the trails . So when I heard about Danner I did some research and looked around for a local stockist , but alas no one within 100 miles had what I was looking for . Normally I 'd never buy shoes over the Internet , but with no other option I gave it a shot . The boots arrived quickly and it was immediately apparent that they are a very high quality product . When I tried them on I was very pleased by the comfort and support . A short 150-minute hike revealed that they needed some break-in time , as they left my heels with large blisters . The soles and sides of my feet , however , were totally protected.Now , some weeks and many kilometres later , the boots have broken in to the point where I can comfortably hike for 3 hours under a full pack without blistering or chafing . Hopefully I 'll be able to work these boots up to full 10-hour hikes , at which point they will be pretty much everything I could hope for . The thick soles provide plenty of cushion over rough terrain , the waterproofing works -LRB- at least through small streams -RRB- and the Gore-Tex inserts help my feet breath sufficiently to avoid over-sweating . I 'm also really pleased to be able to recommend whole-heartedly an American product that 's proudly made in the USA . For too long , US companies have either sent work off-shore or have hidden behind protectionist barriers in order to palm off shoddy products on captive consumers -LRB- yes , General Motors and Motorola , I 'm talking about you but there are many others -RRB- or they 've just made junk that relies on brand loyalty alone -LRB- Harley-Davidson , please stop making 1930s machines with 1930s mechanical problems -RRB- . With Danner you get a great product made by great people that is competitively priced and can stand comparison with similar products made anywhere else in the world . America needs more companies like Danner .
 These boots are great . My husband swears it 's like not wearing shoes at all . They are tough and withstand his job as a groundsman for a tree company . Outstanding . You ca n't go wrong with Tims .
 I love these shoes . They are very comfortable , and people compliment me about these shoes all the time .
 good morningthe excellence of the purchase is that I arrive in the estimated time and are products that people want to buy is a great way to buy cards by providing this optionto shop and provide good service and hope to continue buying the best of you waiting felicitacciones
 These are the most comfortable timberlands my husband has ever had ... He loves and wants another pair for work he said its worth it !!
 My husband is so pleased with these boots . He loves timberland and we were so lucky they had his size . Absolute great buy .
 Timberland Men 's Euro Hiker Boot , Grey/Grey ,9.5 M US great boots for work or very day life very comfortable , worm and soft inside great boots for fare value .
 I love how comfortable they feel on my feet . I did forget that Timberland 's are usually sized a bit large when compared to shoes . Normally I 'm a size 12 shoe but only in Timberland 's I would be a size 11 . Luckily for me I ordered a 11.5 size so it was n't bad enough for me to return . Just have to lace them up tighter but still not an issue when it comes to them being comfortable and durable . It did take me a couple of days to break them in so now the size issue is none existent .
 Hi , I 'm from Colombia , it is the first time that I buy in Amazon and the product that I received was in conditions excelents , I 'm very excited with the product !!! Timberland Men 's Euro Hiker Boot , Grey/Grey ,7 M US
 The product was is in great quality as expected from the Timberland brand . The only issue I had was that the shoe came looking new from the outside whole the inside showed sines of wear -LRB- dirt scuffs , sand , etc. -RRB- which disappointed me since the shoe was a gift for a loved one . The shoes are comfortable and well supported as reported to me . Be careful when you go with white . Stains only come off if you clean them right away . Scuffs are easily noticeable and near impossible to get off . The colors in the pictures on Amazon are very accurate.I would definitely buy them again and would reccommend it to others .
 This great outdoor shoes , has a very price-quality relation . Are you loocking for a outdoor shoes ??? . Look at that . Confortable and good price .
 They are sturdy , fashionable , and run true-to-size . The price was very reasonable , and I 'm very pleased with my purchase
 This is the most comfortable sandal I have ever worn . I have poor feet but can walk for days in these . It is like walking on air ... but where can I find them now ? Does anyone know ? Why do the best shoes always seem to vanish into thin air ?
 I 've bought these for my mom and she liked it . The look is ok but very comfortable for a senior lady .
 I purchased these boots in september for the hunting season . I have recently purchased another pair for my father I liked them so much .
 Great boots , fit great the second time around , which was my bad the first time , ordered them to narrow , very stylish , had alot of compliments on the style
 I purchased these boots in september for the hunting season . I have recently purchased another pair for my father I liked them so much .
 Great boots , fit great the second time around , which was my bad the first time , ordered them to narrow , very stylish , had alot of compliments on the style
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I purchased these boots in september for the hunting season . I have recently purchased another pair for my father I liked them so much .
 Great boots , fit great the second time around , which was my bad the first time , ordered them to narrow , very stylish , had alot of compliments on the style
 After 49 years , I finally have a pair of shoes that convinced me to go out and buy another pair like them -LRB- but in a different color -RRB- and buy more shoes of that brand . I will not buy another pair of shoes that are not Earth shoes!I have a swollen nerve in one foot that prevents me from wearing high heels or any shoe that has a narrow toe box . The Earth shoes all have wide toe boxes that do not squeeze my toes . The Earth shoes are made with the heel lower than the toes which gives your calves a nice workout , but it also allows for a much more natural walking gait -LRB- like you are barefoot on soft dirt or sand -RRB- . I can now walk and stand for hours without my feet hurting ! I also have fairly high arches that receive good support in the Earth shoes.I have bought my daughter the same shoe as well as some Earth winter boots . She has also loved these shoes .
 These shoes are the most comfortable shoe I 've owned . I have bone spurs in my heels , plantar fasciitis , and am overweight , and these shoes make me feel lighter and without so much pain , like I am wearing comfortable slippers , except with support . I will definitely buy more .
 I tried these Lazers to see if they might put an end to my foot pain - in the joint or `` ball '' of my right big toe - which had been negatively affecting the joy I get from walking . Well they did the trick , in them I am able to do four or five 5-mile walks every week on varied terrain , pain-free . I began to wonder if the results were because of the lowered heel or because of the total flexibility and softness of the shoe and since the Lazers do have a fairly thin sole allowing some pressure to transmit through on rocky/gravelly surfaces I thought I 'd give the Rockets a try . The RocketsWomen 's Earth Rocketare like a typical athletic shoe -LRB- but with the Kalso design -RRB- so the sole is thicker and the whole shoe is just sturdier and more supportive than the Lazer . But alas my pain returned with the Rockets so now I 'm going to buy a couple more pairs of Lazers and stick with them . I 'd way rather feel a rock or two underfoot than have that incessant toe pain any day . So I conclude that my problem was solved not necessarily by a lowered heel but rather by a softer and more flexible shoe . You may wonder why I do n't buy a less expensive soft and flexible shoe if that 's all I 'm in need of and I wondered the same but decided that the wide shape in the front area of the Earth was of significant value and also , I think that the lowered heel very likely prevents over-pronation which I have a tendency to do .
 These are just awesome , lightweight and flexible with great support . Very comfortable , Nice looking too !
 Wearing these shoes are more comfortable than wearing no shoes . I wore Earth Shoes over 30 years ago when there was just one style and loved them then . I now stand on my feet for work 9 to 10 hours a day and wear NOTHING but Earth Shoes for work and leisure .
 Let 's start with , I really have problems with my feet , thus finding shoes that do n't hurt , is difficult . I read a lot of reviews before I bought these . It 's a nice shoe , runs wide enough . My main problem is in the instep . I have a high instep , not incredibly high , but on the high side and these are tight . The laces are fake ; you ca n't open the laces up to put the shoe on . The tongue comes way up ; so there is n't a lot of room to get your foot in ; so if you have a high instep , think about these , maybe try to find other reviews and see if anyone else has had any problems . They have a little give , but not much . Everyone loves them , maybe it 's just me , but not my favorites . I think if I could actually open them like a regular tennis shoe , I would like them more . Great arch support , width is good for me , which means if you have narrow feet , steer clear . Come in fabulous colors , which I did n't get . If you are looking and only find drab colors , keep searching as the new colors are great and there are a lot !!!
 I have theses shoes they are very comfortable and lightweight . Spray with scotchgard to keep nice looking . They fold up for traveling and then spring back to shape . Nice arch support , excellent walking shoes .
 This is my second pair of Earth Lazers . They are wonderful walking shoes . I use them for work and exercise . Very comfortable , lightweight and flexible . I wore them on a trip to Europe and my feet never hurt after doing much walking .
 As I have been wearing Earth shoes exclusively for the past 5 years , I knew exactly what I was getting when I placed my order . My sister & I both call them miracle shoes . They will feel different if you are wearing them for the first time , because the heel is a little lower than the toe ; therefore , there is naturally an adjustment period of aproximately 10 to fourteen days . Before I started wearing these shoes , all I could think about was my feet and how much they hurt . I was on my feet my entire work day and by the end I had to concentrate on just putting one foot in front of the other . My pain was terrible . My first day of wearing these shoes , the pain was much better . After the first two weeks , it was gone ! My back ache was less , too ! I forgot about my feet , and I could concentrate on my job ! I admit , I do have favorites and this Lazor is one of them . . very comfy and weighs next to nothing ! When I saw them on sale , I snatched them up ! If your feet hurt , give them a try . I wo n't wear any other brand !
 These are my favorite shoes ! I wear them all day , and forget I have them on , except I notice my back feels better than usual . I can stand on my feet for long periods of time without having fatigue in my legs or back . The sole is flexible and light , my toes have plenty of room in front , yet they do n't slip off my heels , and they are easy to put on and take off . Awesome shoe !
 I 'm writing this review for those of you who wear the small sizes still available in this model . BUY THESE FOR YOUR FEET !! Your back will be happier , too . I have just 2 pairs of these , but wish I could have filled a closet shelf with them before they disappeared from Earth 's product line . Most comfortable shoes ever made and weightless so you can toss an extra pair in your bag for color change or rain . My first pair was from Melbourne , Australia , where I limped into a lovely little shoe store with bunion aflame and blisters to boot . Immediate relief - saved my trip , then many future ones . Best souvenir I found , in fact . Fit true on my narrow heel , have no seams to put pressure anywhere on the forefoot , and I can wiggle my toes to my heart 's content . I immediately bought another color and told everyone I knew to pick some up . But then tragedy struck . No more availability for my size 9.5 feet in any color at all . Now I am depressed , and will go put on my black Lazers circa 2008 for a nice walk to cheer me up .
 Picked up these shoes for the wife -LRB- whom is VERY picky -RRB- and she absolutely loved them . Great affordable price and kickback in return from the lil ' woman ! It pays to pricegrab .
 Excellent lightweight very comfortable shoes . I have 2 pairs in different colors . Perfect for fall weather
 These walking shoes are so light and comfortable . They fit perfectly . I love them and would recommend them to anyone who enjoys walking and comfortable feet !
 My shoes were delivered on time , had special rates , and are the correct size . It means I would purchase from Amazon again and from this shoe company supplier for the Earth Shoe I like .
 I have back issues and these shoes offer arch support and help with good posture . Love them , this is my second pair .
 These are my second pair of Earth Lazers . I have a narrow foot , size 11 , and they fit just perfectly . The heel is snug , and the toebed is more of a medium fit . But , when you walk in these shoes , the weight falls towards the heel , so you do n't really need a narrow toe box . I did order them in a size ten , instead of the 11 , and my foot feels supported and secure . It 's great for someone with a bad back too . They are ultra light and fit easily into luggage for travel . You are probably not supposed to wash these , but I did in a low setting . They came out just fine . I do n't think you should put them in the dryer , however . The price offered on Amazon , in conjunction with the Amazon credit card , made this too hard to resist . So glad I got them . Highly recommended !
 This is my fourth pair of Lazers.It 's a great shoe if you have foot problems like bunions , hammer toes and pain in the ball of the foot . The negative heel takes the weight off the ball and the soft `` suede '' allows for give and does not rub sensitive areas.I have been able to do serious walking since I discovered these shoes . I just wish I could get the dark blue in my size again . Apparently not made anymore ? I do love my `` blue suede shoes . ''
 I have chronic pain in my back and have had surgery on one of my feet . Needless to say , I do n't get along with most of the shoes out there . They either make it so after an hour on my feet my back hurts , or when I take my shoes off my arches feel bruised , or some such combination of the former two statements.I first bought a pair of Earth Shoes back in 2008 , when I got my first job as a server . When I started working in an office I purchased a pair of `` dress '' Earth shoes.I recently had to replace my casual pair because they began to come apart at the seams . After a year of being abused in a restaurant -LRB- working 2 jobs , I averaged 60 hours a week on my feet -RRB- , constant use for walking , going out with friends , running , and bike riding my old pair finally wore out . So I purchased a new pair and when I put them on they were just as comfortable as my old pair . These are lightweight shoes and with the posture correcting `` negative heel technology '' they help me to burn calories while I 'm walking down the street.With my back the way that it is , these are the only shoes that I can wear for any length of time if I 'm going to be on my feet at all . They are amazing and I swear by them . They have an interesting design , they may not be all that stylish , but they are comfortable and they last for quite a while , even with heavy use .
 Shoes are very comfortable for being on my feet at a 7 hour part time job . Like the low heel for walking and NO lower back pain ! Also the wide toe box . Would not go on long walks as it does not have firm support around the ankle area .
 I do a lot of hiking and while I 'm happy with traditional hiking boots I 've often wished for something robust that had a higher side , to keep out the grit and pebbles that inevitably make their way into my shoes whenever I 'm out on the trails . So when I heard about Danner I did some research and looked around for a local stockist , but alas no one within 100 miles had what I was looking for . Normally I 'd never buy shoes over the Internet , but with no other option I gave it a shot . The boots arrived quickly and it was immediately apparent that they are a very high quality product . When I tried them on I was very pleased by the comfort and support . A short 150-minute hike revealed that they needed some break-in time , as they left my heels with large blisters . The soles and sides of my feet , however , were totally protected.Now , some weeks and many kilometres later , the boots have broken in to the point where I can comfortably hike for 3 hours under a full pack without blistering or chafing . Hopefully I 'll be able to work these boots up to full 10-hour hikes , at which point they will be pretty much everything I could hope for . The thick soles provide plenty of cushion over rough terrain , the waterproofing works -LRB- at least through small streams -RRB- and the Gore-Tex inserts help my feet breath sufficiently to avoid over-sweating . I 'm also really pleased to be able to recommend whole-heartedly an American product that 's proudly made in the USA . For too long , US companies have either sent work off-shore or have hidden behind protectionist barriers in order to palm off shoddy products on captive consumers -LRB- yes , General Motors and Motorola , I 'm talking about you but there are many others -RRB- or they 've just made junk that relies on brand loyalty alone -LRB- Harley-Davidson , please stop making 1930s machines with 1930s mechanical problems -RRB- . With Danner you get a great product made by great people that is competitively priced and can stand comparison with similar products made anywhere else in the world . America needs more companies like Danner .
 I do a lot of hiking and while I 'm happy with traditional hiking boots I 've often wished for something robust that had a higher side , to keep out the grit and pebbles that inevitably make their way into my shoes whenever I 'm out on the trails . So when I heard about Danner I did some research and looked around for a local stockist , but alas no one within 100 miles had what I was looking for . Normally I 'd never buy shoes over the Internet , but with no other option I gave it a shot . The boots arrived quickly and it was immediately apparent that they are a very high quality product . When I tried them on I was very pleased by the comfort and support . A short 150-minute hike revealed that they needed some break-in time , as they left my heels with large blisters . The soles and sides of my feet , however , were totally protected.Now , some weeks and many kilometres later , the boots have broken in to the point where I can comfortably hike for 3 hours under a full pack without blistering or chafing . Hopefully I 'll be able to work these boots up to full 10-hour hikes , at which point they will be pretty much everything I could hope for . The thick soles provide plenty of cushion over rough terrain , the waterproofing works -LRB- at least through small streams -RRB- and the Gore-Tex inserts help my feet breath sufficiently to avoid over-sweating . I 'm also really pleased to be able to recommend whole-heartedly an American product that 's proudly made in the USA . For too long , US companies have either sent work off-shore or have hidden behind protectionist barriers in order to palm off shoddy products on captive consumers -LRB- yes , General Motors and Motorola , I 'm talking about you but there are many others -RRB- or they 've just made junk that relies on brand loyalty alone -LRB- Harley-Davidson , please stop making 1930s machines with 1930s mechanical problems -RRB- . With Danner you get a great product made by great people that is competitively priced and can stand comparison with similar products made anywhere else in the world . America needs more companies like Danner .
 I do a lot of hiking and while I 'm happy with traditional hiking boots I 've often wished for something robust that had a higher side , to keep out the grit and pebbles that inevitably make their way into my shoes whenever I 'm out on the trails . So when I heard about Danner I did some research and looked around for a local stockist , but alas no one within 100 miles had what I was looking for . Normally I 'd never buy shoes over the Internet , but with no other option I gave it a shot . The boots arrived quickly and it was immediately apparent that they are a very high quality product . When I tried them on I was very pleased by the comfort and support . A short 150-minute hike revealed that they needed some break-in time , as they left my heels with large blisters . The soles and sides of my feet , however , were totally protected.Now , some weeks and many kilometres later , the boots have broken in to the point where I can comfortably hike for 3 hours under a full pack without blistering or chafing . Hopefully I 'll be able to work these boots up to full 10-hour hikes , at which point they will be pretty much everything I could hope for . The thick soles provide plenty of cushion over rough terrain , the waterproofing works -LRB- at least through small streams -RRB- and the Gore-Tex inserts help my feet breath sufficiently to avoid over-sweating . I 'm also really pleased to be able to recommend whole-heartedly an American product that 's proudly made in the USA . For too long , US companies have either sent work off-shore or have hidden behind protectionist barriers in order to palm off shoddy products on captive consumers -LRB- yes , General Motors and Motorola , I 'm talking about you but there are many others -RRB- or they 've just made junk that relies on brand loyalty alone -LRB- Harley-Davidson , please stop making 1930s machines with 1930s mechanical problems -RRB- . With Danner you get a great product made by great people that is competitively priced and can stand comparison with similar products made anywhere else in the world . America needs more companies like Danner .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I do a lot of hiking and while I 'm happy with traditional hiking boots I 've often wished for something robust that had a higher side , to keep out the grit and pebbles that inevitably make their way into my shoes whenever I 'm out on the trails . So when I heard about Danner I did some research and looked around for a local stockist , but alas no one within 100 miles had what I was looking for . Normally I 'd never buy shoes over the Internet , but with no other option I gave it a shot . The boots arrived quickly and it was immediately apparent that they are a very high quality product . When I tried them on I was very pleased by the comfort and support . A short 150-minute hike revealed that they needed some break-in time , as they left my heels with large blisters . The soles and sides of my feet , however , were totally protected.Now , some weeks and many kilometres later , the boots have broken in to the point where I can comfortably hike for 3 hours under a full pack without blistering or chafing . Hopefully I 'll be able to work these boots up to full 10-hour hikes , at which point they will be pretty much everything I could hope for . The thick soles provide plenty of cushion over rough terrain , the waterproofing works -LRB- at least through small streams -RRB- and the Gore-Tex inserts help my feet breath sufficiently to avoid over-sweating . I 'm also really pleased to be able to recommend whole-heartedly an American product that 's proudly made in the USA . For too long , US companies have either sent work off-shore or have hidden behind protectionist barriers in order to palm off shoddy products on captive consumers -LRB- yes , General Motors and Motorola , I 'm talking about you but there are many others -RRB- or they 've just made junk that relies on brand loyalty alone -LRB- Harley-Davidson , please stop making 1930s machines with 1930s mechanical problems -RRB- . With Danner you get a great product made by great people that is competitively priced and can stand comparison with similar products made anywhere else in the world . America needs more companies like Danner .
 After trying sandal upon sandal , the Opas from Steve Madden proved to be top notch at a great price . If you have a hard time getting used to wearing sandals , these work out great . The design allows you to wear these with shorts or jeans . Unlike most sandals of this type the footbed is sqeak free and zero slippage . As for fit I 'm a standard 9.5 and had to go with a 9 for the best fit .
 I purchased these boots in september for the hunting season . I have recently purchased another pair for my father I liked them so much .
 Great boots , fit great the second time around , which was my bad the first time , ordered them to narrow , very stylish , had alot of compliments on the style
 I already have a pair of this shoe in size 6-1/2 and would like another pair in the white Please advise when they are available Val Luttrell
 I ordered this shoes few days ago . I got it today in the mail . I love this shoes . I thought it will be uncomfortable because of long heels but when I tried them . It fits perfect and very comfortable . It looks very sexy . I like the material very soft and I love the style . It will be perfect for my dress for our dinner date . Its really a good buy . I recommend this shoes to everyone .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 If you want a warm boot you got it . I wear this boot mostly stitting on deer stand in Missouri only when the weather is below freezing or when on a trip to other cold climates -LRB- like Colorado for elk -RRB- . If you plan to walk alot in this boot , other than to and from a deer stand , you will get sweaty feet and sweaty feet get cold . It is not a hiking boot!The boot construction is good , especially considering the low cost of this boot.Now my perceived drawbacks to this boot are as follows : a. Extra warmth , more thinsulate , bulkier around the foot.I mean do n't expect to pull your coveralls on over itwhile its on your foot.b . If its really that cold ! - Get a pack boot.c . The bend -LRB- flexiblity -RRB- in the sole is ... not flexible.Its a bit like walking in ski boots but not quite thatbad . d . If you have fat ankles then SKIP this boot . It is tightaround the ankles . All that extra thinsulate.e . It feels heavy to walk in . I think it 's heavy.I really do like this pair of boots and have had them about three seasons and they are in great shape be cause they are not a boot that I can wear every day in the the field -LRB- only cold ones -RRB- . Most of the time here in my climate I find myself wearing Rocky somethings or Wolverine 's with like 400-600 grams Thinsulate not the 2000 like the Sentinel 's . Good Hunting !
 If you want a warm boot you got it . I wear this boot mostly stitting on deer stand in Missouri only when the weather is below freezing or when on a trip to other cold climates -LRB- like Colorado for elk -RRB- . If you plan to walk alot in this boot , other than to and from a deer stand , you will get sweaty feet and sweaty feet get cold . It is not a hiking boot!The boot construction is good , especially considering the low cost of this boot.Now my perceived drawbacks to this boot are as follows : a. Extra warmth , more thinsulate , bulkier around the foot.I mean do n't expect to pull your coveralls on over itwhile its on your foot.b . If its really that cold ! - Get a pack boot.c . The bend -LRB- flexiblity -RRB- in the sole is ... not flexible.Its a bit like walking in ski boots but not quite thatbad . d . If you have fat ankles then SKIP this boot . It is tightaround the ankles . All that extra thinsulate.e . It feels heavy to walk in . I think it 's heavy.I really do like this pair of boots and have had them about three seasons and they are in great shape be cause they are not a boot that I can wear every day in the the field -LRB- only cold ones -RRB- . Most of the time here in my climate I find myself wearing Rocky somethings or Wolverine 's with like 400-600 grams Thinsulate not the 2000 like the Sentinel 's . Good Hunting !
 This is my third pair of Carly shoes . I love them and they feel so good . One thing to remeber . I wear a size 8 , but in this shoe I wear a 7 and they fit fine . I would say they run a tad big . This pair was to be navy , however they sure look dark green to me . I did n't send them back , because they fit and feel so good . I will probably order a pair in black , the best summer shoe I have ever had .
 Love the sandal - especially the soft leather between the toes . I ordered the navy and the picture showed a denim blue color . However , when I opened the package , the color is green . There is a disclaimer note saying the color may be a little different but green is not blue . The note was printed on a card with a green backing and the shoes match that green - not my blue jeans or anything else blue - and I checked the color in natural light -LRB- they need to do the same ! -RRB- .
 I have been wearing this style sandal for about five years and you can wear these sandals with just about any style of clothing . I have a high arch and I find the Carly to be extremely comfortable , wearing them for hours upon hours . This White Mountain sandal has a lot going for it in terms of style , comfort and is a great sandal for the money .
 My mom passed away last year and two of the things I was given after she passed were two pair of sandals she used to wear all the time . I had worn these sandal also on several occasions when I visited my parent 's home . They were so comfortable . I experience pain in my feet a lot and the fit of these sandals , conforming to my feet , helps enormously ! It took me awhile to find the company who made this sandal as the name on the shoes was no longer legible . Thank you White Mountain .
 I bought two pairs of these shoes for my mother and she loves them ! They are well made , excellent quality and durability .
 I had a pair of these sandals and wore them so long there was nothing left but the straps ! When I found the same shoe on Amazon , I jumped at the opportunity to buy it .
 Best pair of sandals ever !!! I wear them everywhere . I have owned this same style for three years and will buy more .
 I had a brown pair of these shoes and loved them so much I wanted the white ones also-they are by far my most comfy sandal
 I have been wearing these shoes for years , now . Whenever they start showing a little wear , I 'm on the hunt for new ones . I 'm so happy I found them again ! They are very comfortable , look nice with most anything I wear . I always get compliments on them ... -LRB- even if they are a little worn -RRB-
 I rate these sandals a 5 star . The price was great . The shipping was great . These sandals are very comfortable . I could never wear flip flops of any sort do the piece between the toes . I was hesitant to order these due to the fact there was something between the toes , however , these sandals do n't bother me and are comfortable to walk especially great distances .
 I got my first pair new with tags from a consignment store , if I can find and 11 shoe , it 's a minor miracle . I loved them so much I came to Amazon and bought more . These shoes are so amazingly comfortable . I have a wide foot and these fit perfectly . I loved them so much I tossed out all my other sandals and bought 2 more pair of the Carly sandals , I 'll probably buy more before summer is over . I wore these when I walked around Washington D.C for 8 hours , never had sore feet !
 I love the fit and support of White Mountain Carly Sandals . I only wish they were easier to find particularly in White , Black & Taupe . I appreciate that you can get them from Amazon .
 I bought a pair of these years ago and wore them until they fell apart . Could not find another pair until recently . I was perusing Amazon 's website for shoes and found my old favorites . They are so comfortable and can be worn with anything . They fit true to size . LOVE THEM !!!
 I love these sandals . I bought my first pair 5 yrs ago , it is n't quite as pretty as it used to be but its still comfortable . Since that time , I 've bought 6 more pair in different colors and I still get asked about where I got them . They are just as comfortable as the birkies that I paid 3x as much for .
 These are the most comfortable sandles ever ! I own about 12 pair and would wear them to work if they were a little more dressier . Please buy them from the White Mountain wholesaler as I have bought these from other dealers and the bottom sole has come apart from the sandle ...
 Love White Mountain sandals - buy at least two pair each summer . Great shoe and top site from which to purchase !
 This is my 3rd pair of the Carly sandals which I have bought over the past 5 years -LRB- in 2 different colors -RRB- . They are very comfortable and go with almost any of the outfits which I wear . The service was excellent ... very quick and great price . I could not find these shoes in a store .
 I thought that ordering shoes online would be a huge mistake , but I tried and they had fit perfect not too mention looked as sharp as a pythons fang . the shoes were comfortable , I wore them first time out of the box for a wedding , had no problems all night . Good Buy for the money and style .
 I love everything about the Giorgio Brutini line ! This is not my first Giorgio Brutini purchase and I am confident it will not be my last . There is one caveat though , Order these shoes 1 full size larger than your size as these shoes run small . I have received countless compliments and have referred many a shoe admirer to Giorgio Brutini . Buy with confidence ! The quality of the workmanship is as undeniable as the stylish good looks .
 I can summerise it with this ... . It was a wonderful purchased ... . It felt good wearing it ... I fully recommend it for anyone who wants luxury shoes .
 These are some nice shoes . You know what ? Had I told my wife prior , I would have bought more pairs.But now that she knows , I 'm going to look for different colors to buy . Excellent service , super price.Very good experience with this seller , buy from this store .
 If you want a warm boot you got it . I wear this boot mostly stitting on deer stand in Missouri only when the weather is below freezing or when on a trip to other cold climates -LRB- like Colorado for elk -RRB- . If you plan to walk alot in this boot , other than to and from a deer stand , you will get sweaty feet and sweaty feet get cold . It is not a hiking boot!The boot construction is good , especially considering the low cost of this boot.Now my perceived drawbacks to this boot are as follows : a. Extra warmth , more thinsulate , bulkier around the foot.I mean do n't expect to pull your coveralls on over itwhile its on your foot.b . If its really that cold ! - Get a pack boot.c . The bend -LRB- flexiblity -RRB- in the sole is ... not flexible.Its a bit like walking in ski boots but not quite thatbad . d . If you have fat ankles then SKIP this boot . It is tightaround the ankles . All that extra thinsulate.e . It feels heavy to walk in . I think it 's heavy.I really do like this pair of boots and have had them about three seasons and they are in great shape be cause they are not a boot that I can wear every day in the the field -LRB- only cold ones -RRB- . Most of the time here in my climate I find myself wearing Rocky somethings or Wolverine 's with like 400-600 grams Thinsulate not the 2000 like the Sentinel 's . Good Hunting !
 After trying sandal upon sandal , the Opas from Steve Madden proved to be top notch at a great price . If you have a hard time getting used to wearing sandals , these work out great . The design allows you to wear these with shorts or jeans . Unlike most sandals of this type the footbed is sqeak free and zero slippage . As for fit I 'm a standard 9.5 and had to go with a 9 for the best fit .
 After trying sandal upon sandal , the Opas from Steve Madden proved to be top notch at a great price . If you have a hard time getting used to wearing sandals , these work out great . The design allows you to wear these with shorts or jeans . Unlike most sandals of this type the footbed is sqeak free and zero slippage . As for fit I 'm a standard 9.5 and had to go with a 9 for the best fit .
 The purse is very good quality . It could be used during the spring and fall season . Large enough to include all your neccesity items and even a few extras . Another plus is that you do n't see it floating around on other women 's shoulders like you would a Coach , Kate Spade , or Dooney & Burke , even though its just as classy . I just started carrying it and have already received many compliments .
 VERY cute shoe . . however it runs a bit small . get a size up from your regular size .
 I wore these shoes straight out of the box for a day of walking around my hilly college campus -- not the greatest of ideas ; I ended up with a couple of painful blisters . However , now these blisters have faded and these shoes have been broken in and I must say they are the cutest and most comfortable ever ! I love the padded sole . One small complaint though -- I have the navy ones and whenever I paint my toenails a pale color some of the navy rubs off on them . All in all , a great purchase .
 After trying sandal upon sandal , the Opas from Steve Madden proved to be top notch at a great price . If you have a hard time getting used to wearing sandals , these work out great . The design allows you to wear these with shorts or jeans . Unlike most sandals of this type the footbed is sqeak free and zero slippage . As for fit I 'm a standard 9.5 and had to go with a 9 for the best fit .
 Very high quality - steel toed - functional zippers - sturdy laces - the whole nine yards.I would certainly order from demonia products again.Also shipped very quickly -
 I got the Burgundy rub off size 10 men 's boots . About the sizing ; I was nervous that this was going to be a small 10 , but it actual rather roomy . I would n't say that they run a full size bigger than numbered , but I 'd say that the 10s that I got feel like 10.4 s. Brand new , the rub-off burgundy color is a bit uniform , but they may wear a little more randomly over time.They are well made , are pretty versatile , and are a very very solid value .
 I do a lot of hiking and while I 'm happy with traditional hiking boots I 've often wished for something robust that had a higher side , to keep out the grit and pebbles that inevitably make their way into my shoes whenever I 'm out on the trails . So when I heard about Danner I did some research and looked around for a local stockist , but alas no one within 100 miles had what I was looking for . Normally I 'd never buy shoes over the Internet , but with no other option I gave it a shot . The boots arrived quickly and it was immediately apparent that they are a very high quality product . When I tried them on I was very pleased by the comfort and support . A short 150-minute hike revealed that they needed some break-in time , as they left my heels with large blisters . The soles and sides of my feet , however , were totally protected.Now , some weeks and many kilometres later , the boots have broken in to the point where I can comfortably hike for 3 hours under a full pack without blistering or chafing . Hopefully I 'll be able to work these boots up to full 10-hour hikes , at which point they will be pretty much everything I could hope for . The thick soles provide plenty of cushion over rough terrain , the waterproofing works -LRB- at least through small streams -RRB- and the Gore-Tex inserts help my feet breath sufficiently to avoid over-sweating . I 'm also really pleased to be able to recommend whole-heartedly an American product that 's proudly made in the USA . For too long , US companies have either sent work off-shore or have hidden behind protectionist barriers in order to palm off shoddy products on captive consumers -LRB- yes , General Motors and Motorola , I 'm talking about you but there are many others -RRB- or they 've just made junk that relies on brand loyalty alone -LRB- Harley-Davidson , please stop making 1930s machines with 1930s mechanical problems -RRB- . With Danner you get a great product made by great people that is competitively priced and can stand comparison with similar products made anywhere else in the world . America needs more companies like Danner .
 If you want a warm boot you got it . I wear this boot mostly stitting on deer stand in Missouri only when the weather is below freezing or when on a trip to other cold climates -LRB- like Colorado for elk -RRB- . If you plan to walk alot in this boot , other than to and from a deer stand , you will get sweaty feet and sweaty feet get cold . It is not a hiking boot!The boot construction is good , especially considering the low cost of this boot.Now my perceived drawbacks to this boot are as follows : a. Extra warmth , more thinsulate , bulkier around the foot.I mean do n't expect to pull your coveralls on over itwhile its on your foot.b . If its really that cold ! - Get a pack boot.c . The bend -LRB- flexiblity -RRB- in the sole is ... not flexible.Its a bit like walking in ski boots but not quite thatbad . d . If you have fat ankles then SKIP this boot . It is tightaround the ankles . All that extra thinsulate.e . It feels heavy to walk in . I think it 's heavy.I really do like this pair of boots and have had them about three seasons and they are in great shape be cause they are not a boot that I can wear every day in the the field -LRB- only cold ones -RRB- . Most of the time here in my climate I find myself wearing Rocky somethings or Wolverine 's with like 400-600 grams Thinsulate not the 2000 like the Sentinel 's . Good Hunting !
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 If you want a warm boot you got it . I wear this boot mostly stitting on deer stand in Missouri only when the weather is below freezing or when on a trip to other cold climates -LRB- like Colorado for elk -RRB- . If you plan to walk alot in this boot , other than to and from a deer stand , you will get sweaty feet and sweaty feet get cold . It is not a hiking boot!The boot construction is good , especially considering the low cost of this boot.Now my perceived drawbacks to this boot are as follows : a. Extra warmth , more thinsulate , bulkier around the foot.I mean do n't expect to pull your coveralls on over itwhile its on your foot.b . If its really that cold ! - Get a pack boot.c . The bend -LRB- flexiblity -RRB- in the sole is ... not flexible.Its a bit like walking in ski boots but not quite thatbad . d . If you have fat ankles then SKIP this boot . It is tightaround the ankles . All that extra thinsulate.e . It feels heavy to walk in . I think it 's heavy.I really do like this pair of boots and have had them about three seasons and they are in great shape be cause they are not a boot that I can wear every day in the the field -LRB- only cold ones -RRB- . Most of the time here in my climate I find myself wearing Rocky somethings or Wolverine 's with like 400-600 grams Thinsulate not the 2000 like the Sentinel 's . Good Hunting !
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 THESE SHOES ARE ABSOLUTELY GORGEOUS AT EXCELLENT PRICE . I SAW THEM AT ANOTHER DOTCOM FOR $ 182.00 ... BOUGHT THEM HERE FOR APPROXIMATELY $ 28 . I WILL MOST DEFINITELY SHOP HERE AGAIN !
 If you want a warm boot you got it . I wear this boot mostly stitting on deer stand in Missouri only when the weather is below freezing or when on a trip to other cold climates -LRB- like Colorado for elk -RRB- . If you plan to walk alot in this boot , other than to and from a deer stand , you will get sweaty feet and sweaty feet get cold . It is not a hiking boot!The boot construction is good , especially considering the low cost of this boot.Now my perceived drawbacks to this boot are as follows : a. Extra warmth , more thinsulate , bulkier around the foot.I mean do n't expect to pull your coveralls on over itwhile its on your foot.b . If its really that cold ! - Get a pack boot.c . The bend -LRB- flexiblity -RRB- in the sole is ... not flexible.Its a bit like walking in ski boots but not quite thatbad . d . If you have fat ankles then SKIP this boot . It is tightaround the ankles . All that extra thinsulate.e . It feels heavy to walk in . I think it 's heavy.I really do like this pair of boots and have had them about three seasons and they are in great shape be cause they are not a boot that I can wear every day in the the field -LRB- only cold ones -RRB- . Most of the time here in my climate I find myself wearing Rocky somethings or Wolverine 's with like 400-600 grams Thinsulate not the 2000 like the Sentinel 's . Good Hunting !
 As an emergency nurse , I work long shifts on floors that are tile over cement . After 20 years of this , my back , knees and feet really ache and pain by the endof the week . Add that to knees that will eventually need replacement -LRB- too manyyears of high impact aerobics -RRB- and a back that is just crippling at times from toomany 400 lb patients , and you have a recipie for pain . I purchased these shoes ona recommendation of a friend of mine and I am completely thrilled with them . Aftera long day I am virtually pain-free and actually able to go for a walk or ride mybike . Pain is tiring and I could n't believe how much energy I now have because of these wonderful shoes . I will order them again !!
 Had a pair of these before so I 'm a repeat customer for this brand and style . Comfortable support , encourages good posture and well made .
 I put these shoes on right away and instantly could feel the difference between these and my normal Skecher tennis shoes . You almost feel like your heel is right on the floor , and only the rest of your foot is actually inside a shoe ... I 've been walking in them and as far as results in the cellulite department , it 's too early to tell but they definitely make my calves burn ! I could only find mine in turqoiuse and white ... I would recommend something softer myself , like the light blue or light pink . Other than that , good shoes !
 Earth Energetics look and feel great on ! I recently wore an old pair of sneakers < from before Earth > and had back pain again for 2 days . My feet and back do n't hurt since converting over completely to Earth shoes . There Energetics are very comfortable but order a half size larger . They fit a little snug across the top arch area .
 I always wanted to try a pair of EARTH shoes , but was ` turned off ' by their funky styles ... I often get a sore back when taking long walks or after standing for a long time -LRB- I tend to let my back `` sway '' -RRB- . After reading reviews of this shoe , I bought the Energetic Walking shoes . I LOVE them.I wear them as an every-day , all-day sneaker as well as for walking -LRB- 2-3 miles at a time -RRB- . I have always had a hard time finding shoes that are comfortable -LRB- I pronate and have custom orthotics for my workout shoes -RRB- . I do n't need the orthotics in these shoes . They were comfortable immediately . They have great cushioning , stability , and they do n't look `` weird '' - just like normal sneakers -LRB- I must say , though , when I look down at my feet , they look a lot bigger than any other shoe I own - but I can get over that -RRB- . I wear an 8.5 in all brands -LRB- except NB where I take a 9 -RRB- - and these run true to size.I am extremely happy with these shoes and am considering buying another pair of Earth shoes soon . -LRB- Give yourself a few days to get used to the negative-heel technology ... it 's worth it ! -RRB-
 If you have never worn Earth Shoes but are intrigued by the claims that they reduce back pain , increase your ability to burn calories more efficiently , and help to correct posture ... well then you should certainly give them a shot . I did and now I find it hard to wear shoes without negative heel technology . I am on my feet all day and these shoes have made it much easier to handle , I find my body is less tired at the end of the day when I wear these . In fact , I 've already bought a second pair of Earth Shoes but in a different style and plan to add more to my collection . I am thoroughly impressed and can see why Earth Shoes have been around for so long and now seeing many companies trying to copy their designs . It does take some getting used to and the back of my legs were a little sore for the first week or so but I liked it because I knew that it was working . Just give them a shot and you wo n't be disappointed !
 This is a fantastic shoe , especially for those who are physically fit and wanting a superior shoe for support and comfort . Love them and do n't think I can go back to regular shoes . I have ordered four pairs , plus a pair of nice shoes -LRB- earth `` Ivy '' -RRB- . I can tell a huge difference in my posture and the way my body feels .
 I have been walking for fitness all my life . Not until recently have I experienced the discomfort of less then adaquatly designed walking shoes in that they did not give enough support and cushioning for comfort and stability . My feet would start to ache or go numb especially on the bottom and the aching discomfort would last into the next day . This occurred with such well known brands as Nike . Before investing in a differant pair of walking shoes designed to give cushioning and support to endure the many miles a devoted walker puts out daily , I read all the review from consumers like yourself to decide on a walking shoe that has the best benefits . Earth shoes make walking enjoyable without pain associated with the shock and pounding feet take with repeated repetition . Their design give support and excellent cushioning while adding the bonus of a calf workout with the suttleness of the lower heal . My feet no longer hurt during or after walking workouts . The design of Earth shoes make my daily 5 mile walk an added workout easily encouraging me to stay straight and exercising the legs more . I now have two pair to alternate each day as recommended for walking shoes for better wear and prolonged life of the insoles . I made the best decising selecting Earth shoes making walking more enjoyable and now look forward to walk as the best part of my dailing exercise routine .
 Great shoe to use on the hard-wood floors at work . The negative heel technology really does help with posture .
 These earth walking shoes use negetive heel technology to offer excellent support for people with high arched feet . The sneakers run narrow , and hold the foot very closely .
 I bought the shoe because I had pain in the front pad and second toe on my left foot . As long as I keep these shoes on my foot feels great and the pain is slowly going away .
 After trying sandal upon sandal , the Opas from Steve Madden proved to be top notch at a great price . If you have a hard time getting used to wearing sandals , these work out great . The design allows you to wear these with shorts or jeans . Unlike most sandals of this type the footbed is sqeak free and zero slippage . As for fit I 'm a standard 9.5 and had to go with a 9 for the best fit .
 I found these boots at a local farm supply chain store for $ 89.00 . I have been wearing western style boots for 40 + years and one thing that has always been consistent with all my boots has been an uncomfortable `` breaking-in period '' . These boots however were different , they felt good when I tried them on at the store and to my surprise , after three days of wearing them all day , no rubs or sore spots . They seem to be very well made , as I would expect from Justin , and the flat black finish matches my riding leathers perfectly . I had been wearing a pair of Laredo western boots to ride , but they have traditional leather soles and lacked the grip on the road surface that I wanted . The rubber soles on these boots grip wonderfully and feel much more stable when I come to a stop . I am very satisfied with these boots and highly recommend them to all , especially other motorcycle riders .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 If you want a warm boot you got it . I wear this boot mostly stitting on deer stand in Missouri only when the weather is below freezing or when on a trip to other cold climates -LRB- like Colorado for elk -RRB- . If you plan to walk alot in this boot , other than to and from a deer stand , you will get sweaty feet and sweaty feet get cold . It is not a hiking boot!The boot construction is good , especially considering the low cost of this boot.Now my perceived drawbacks to this boot are as follows : a. Extra warmth , more thinsulate , bulkier around the foot.I mean do n't expect to pull your coveralls on over itwhile its on your foot.b . If its really that cold ! - Get a pack boot.c . The bend -LRB- flexiblity -RRB- in the sole is ... not flexible.Its a bit like walking in ski boots but not quite thatbad . d . If you have fat ankles then SKIP this boot . It is tightaround the ankles . All that extra thinsulate.e . It feels heavy to walk in . I think it 's heavy.I really do like this pair of boots and have had them about three seasons and they are in great shape be cause they are not a boot that I can wear every day in the the field -LRB- only cold ones -RRB- . Most of the time here in my climate I find myself wearing Rocky somethings or Wolverine 's with like 400-600 grams Thinsulate not the 2000 like the Sentinel 's . Good Hunting !
 After 49 years , I finally have a pair of shoes that convinced me to go out and buy another pair like them -LRB- but in a different color -RRB- and buy more shoes of that brand . I will not buy another pair of shoes that are not Earth shoes!I have a swollen nerve in one foot that prevents me from wearing high heels or any shoe that has a narrow toe box . The Earth shoes all have wide toe boxes that do not squeeze my toes . The Earth shoes are made with the heel lower than the toes which gives your calves a nice workout , but it also allows for a much more natural walking gait -LRB- like you are barefoot on soft dirt or sand -RRB- . I can now walk and stand for hours without my feet hurting ! I also have fairly high arches that receive good support in the Earth shoes.I have bought my daughter the same shoe as well as some Earth winter boots . She has also loved these shoes .
 These shoes are the most comfortable shoe I 've owned . I have bone spurs in my heels , plantar fasciitis , and am overweight , and these shoes make me feel lighter and without so much pain , like I am wearing comfortable slippers , except with support . I will definitely buy more .
 I tried these Lazers to see if they might put an end to my foot pain - in the joint or `` ball '' of my right big toe - which had been negatively affecting the joy I get from walking . Well they did the trick , in them I am able to do four or five 5-mile walks every week on varied terrain , pain-free . I began to wonder if the results were because of the lowered heel or because of the total flexibility and softness of the shoe and since the Lazers do have a fairly thin sole allowing some pressure to transmit through on rocky/gravelly surfaces I thought I 'd give the Rockets a try . The RocketsWomen 's Earth Rocketare like a typical athletic shoe -LRB- but with the Kalso design -RRB- so the sole is thicker and the whole shoe is just sturdier and more supportive than the Lazer . But alas my pain returned with the Rockets so now I 'm going to buy a couple more pairs of Lazers and stick with them . I 'd way rather feel a rock or two underfoot than have that incessant toe pain any day . So I conclude that my problem was solved not necessarily by a lowered heel but rather by a softer and more flexible shoe . You may wonder why I do n't buy a less expensive soft and flexible shoe if that 's all I 'm in need of and I wondered the same but decided that the wide shape in the front area of the Earth was of significant value and also , I think that the lowered heel very likely prevents over-pronation which I have a tendency to do .
 These are just awesome , lightweight and flexible with great support . Very comfortable , Nice looking too !
 Wearing these shoes are more comfortable than wearing no shoes . I wore Earth Shoes over 30 years ago when there was just one style and loved them then . I now stand on my feet for work 9 to 10 hours a day and wear NOTHING but Earth Shoes for work and leisure .
 Let 's start with , I really have problems with my feet , thus finding shoes that do n't hurt , is difficult . I read a lot of reviews before I bought these . It 's a nice shoe , runs wide enough . My main problem is in the instep . I have a high instep , not incredibly high , but on the high side and these are tight . The laces are fake ; you ca n't open the laces up to put the shoe on . The tongue comes way up ; so there is n't a lot of room to get your foot in ; so if you have a high instep , think about these , maybe try to find other reviews and see if anyone else has had any problems . They have a little give , but not much . Everyone loves them , maybe it 's just me , but not my favorites . I think if I could actually open them like a regular tennis shoe , I would like them more . Great arch support , width is good for me , which means if you have narrow feet , steer clear . Come in fabulous colors , which I did n't get . If you are looking and only find drab colors , keep searching as the new colors are great and there are a lot !!!
 I have theses shoes they are very comfortable and lightweight . Spray with scotchgard to keep nice looking . They fold up for traveling and then spring back to shape . Nice arch support , excellent walking shoes .
 This is my second pair of Earth Lazers . They are wonderful walking shoes . I use them for work and exercise . Very comfortable , lightweight and flexible . I wore them on a trip to Europe and my feet never hurt after doing much walking .
 As I have been wearing Earth shoes exclusively for the past 5 years , I knew exactly what I was getting when I placed my order . My sister & I both call them miracle shoes . They will feel different if you are wearing them for the first time , because the heel is a little lower than the toe ; therefore , there is naturally an adjustment period of aproximately 10 to fourteen days . Before I started wearing these shoes , all I could think about was my feet and how much they hurt . I was on my feet my entire work day and by the end I had to concentrate on just putting one foot in front of the other . My pain was terrible . My first day of wearing these shoes , the pain was much better . After the first two weeks , it was gone ! My back ache was less , too ! I forgot about my feet , and I could concentrate on my job ! I admit , I do have favorites and this Lazor is one of them . . very comfy and weighs next to nothing ! When I saw them on sale , I snatched them up ! If your feet hurt , give them a try . I wo n't wear any other brand !
 These are my favorite shoes ! I wear them all day , and forget I have them on , except I notice my back feels better than usual . I can stand on my feet for long periods of time without having fatigue in my legs or back . The sole is flexible and light , my toes have plenty of room in front , yet they do n't slip off my heels , and they are easy to put on and take off . Awesome shoe !
 Picked up these shoes for the wife -LRB- whom is VERY picky -RRB- and she absolutely loved them . Great affordable price and kickback in return from the lil ' woman ! It pays to pricegrab .
 Excellent lightweight very comfortable shoes . I have 2 pairs in different colors . Perfect for fall weather
 These walking shoes are so light and comfortable . They fit perfectly . I love them and would recommend them to anyone who enjoys walking and comfortable feet !
 My shoes were delivered on time , had special rates , and are the correct size . It means I would purchase from Amazon again and from this shoe company supplier for the Earth Shoe I like .
 I have back issues and these shoes offer arch support and help with good posture . Love them , this is my second pair .
 These are my second pair of Earth Lazers . I have a narrow foot , size 11 , and they fit just perfectly . The heel is snug , and the toebed is more of a medium fit . But , when you walk in these shoes , the weight falls towards the heel , so you do n't really need a narrow toe box . I did order them in a size ten , instead of the 11 , and my foot feels supported and secure . It 's great for someone with a bad back too . They are ultra light and fit easily into luggage for travel . You are probably not supposed to wash these , but I did in a low setting . They came out just fine . I do n't think you should put them in the dryer , however . The price offered on Amazon , in conjunction with the Amazon credit card , made this too hard to resist . So glad I got them . Highly recommended !
 This is my fourth pair of Lazers.It 's a great shoe if you have foot problems like bunions , hammer toes and pain in the ball of the foot . The negative heel takes the weight off the ball and the soft `` suede '' allows for give and does not rub sensitive areas.I have been able to do serious walking since I discovered these shoes . I just wish I could get the dark blue in my size again . Apparently not made anymore ? I do love my `` blue suede shoes . ''
 I have chronic pain in my back and have had surgery on one of my feet . Needless to say , I do n't get along with most of the shoes out there . They either make it so after an hour on my feet my back hurts , or when I take my shoes off my arches feel bruised , or some such combination of the former two statements.I first bought a pair of Earth Shoes back in 2008 , when I got my first job as a server . When I started working in an office I purchased a pair of `` dress '' Earth shoes.I recently had to replace my casual pair because they began to come apart at the seams . After a year of being abused in a restaurant -LRB- working 2 jobs , I averaged 60 hours a week on my feet -RRB- , constant use for walking , going out with friends , running , and bike riding my old pair finally wore out . So I purchased a new pair and when I put them on they were just as comfortable as my old pair . These are lightweight shoes and with the posture correcting `` negative heel technology '' they help me to burn calories while I 'm walking down the street.With my back the way that it is , these are the only shoes that I can wear for any length of time if I 'm going to be on my feet at all . They are amazing and I swear by them . They have an interesting design , they may not be all that stylish , but they are comfortable and they last for quite a while , even with heavy use .
 Shoes are very comfortable for being on my feet at a 7 hour part time job . Like the low heel for walking and NO lower back pain ! Also the wide toe box . Would not go on long walks as it does not have firm support around the ankle area .
 I 'm writing this review for those of you who wear the small sizes still available in this model . BUY THESE FOR YOUR FEET !! Your back will be happier , too . I have just 2 pairs of these , but wish I could have filled a closet shelf with them before they disappeared from Earth 's product line . Most comfortable shoes ever made and weightless so you can toss an extra pair in your bag for color change or rain . My first pair was from Melbourne , Australia , where I limped into a lovely little shoe store with bunion aflame and blisters to boot . Immediate relief - saved my trip , then many future ones . Best souvenir I found , in fact . Fit true on my narrow heel , have no seams to put pressure anywhere on the forefoot , and I can wiggle my toes to my heart 's content . I immediately bought another color and told everyone I knew to pick some up . But then tragedy struck . No more availability for my size 9.5 feet in any color at all . Now I am depressed , and will go put on my black Lazers circa 2008 for a nice walk to cheer me up .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I thought that ordering shoes online would be a huge mistake , but I tried and they had fit perfect not too mention looked as sharp as a pythons fang . the shoes were comfortable , I wore them first time out of the box for a wedding , had no problems all night . Good Buy for the money and style .
 I love everything about the Giorgio Brutini line ! This is not my first Giorgio Brutini purchase and I am confident it will not be my last . There is one caveat though , Order these shoes 1 full size larger than your size as these shoes run small . I have received countless compliments and have referred many a shoe admirer to Giorgio Brutini . Buy with confidence ! The quality of the workmanship is as undeniable as the stylish good looks .
 I can summerise it with this ... . It was a wonderful purchased ... . It felt good wearing it ... I fully recommend it for anyone who wants luxury shoes .
 These are some nice shoes . You know what ? Had I told my wife prior , I would have bought more pairs.But now that she knows , I 'm going to look for different colors to buy . Excellent service , super price.Very good experience with this seller , buy from this store .
 I got these shoes yesterday ; LOVE THEM ! Very stylish , love the color combo of the neutral and orange/rust etc. , You can wear with jeans , crop pants , and skirts . As far as size , I usually wear a 10 but I took a chance on a 9.5 b/c recently I ordered a similiar shoe and a 10 was too big : -LRB- I gave it 4 stars b/c of the suede leather , would have preferred all leather easier to clean.In closing , great shoe for all events . ENJOY shoe lovers !
 i love this shoes . They are so comfortable and really nice .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 After 49 years , I finally have a pair of shoes that convinced me to go out and buy another pair like them -LRB- but in a different color -RRB- and buy more shoes of that brand . I will not buy another pair of shoes that are not Earth shoes!I have a swollen nerve in one foot that prevents me from wearing high heels or any shoe that has a narrow toe box . The Earth shoes all have wide toe boxes that do not squeeze my toes . The Earth shoes are made with the heel lower than the toes which gives your calves a nice workout , but it also allows for a much more natural walking gait -LRB- like you are barefoot on soft dirt or sand -RRB- . I can now walk and stand for hours without my feet hurting ! I also have fairly high arches that receive good support in the Earth shoes.I have bought my daughter the same shoe as well as some Earth winter boots . She has also loved these shoes .
 These shoes are the most comfortable shoe I 've owned . I have bone spurs in my heels , plantar fasciitis , and am overweight , and these shoes make me feel lighter and without so much pain , like I am wearing comfortable slippers , except with support . I will definitely buy more .
 I tried these Lazers to see if they might put an end to my foot pain - in the joint or `` ball '' of my right big toe - which had been negatively affecting the joy I get from walking . Well they did the trick , in them I am able to do four or five 5-mile walks every week on varied terrain , pain-free . I began to wonder if the results were because of the lowered heel or because of the total flexibility and softness of the shoe and since the Lazers do have a fairly thin sole allowing some pressure to transmit through on rocky/gravelly surfaces I thought I 'd give the Rockets a try . The RocketsWomen 's Earth Rocketare like a typical athletic shoe -LRB- but with the Kalso design -RRB- so the sole is thicker and the whole shoe is just sturdier and more supportive than the Lazer . But alas my pain returned with the Rockets so now I 'm going to buy a couple more pairs of Lazers and stick with them . I 'd way rather feel a rock or two underfoot than have that incessant toe pain any day . So I conclude that my problem was solved not necessarily by a lowered heel but rather by a softer and more flexible shoe . You may wonder why I do n't buy a less expensive soft and flexible shoe if that 's all I 'm in need of and I wondered the same but decided that the wide shape in the front area of the Earth was of significant value and also , I think that the lowered heel very likely prevents over-pronation which I have a tendency to do .
 These are just awesome , lightweight and flexible with great support . Very comfortable , Nice looking too !
 Wearing these shoes are more comfortable than wearing no shoes . I wore Earth Shoes over 30 years ago when there was just one style and loved them then . I now stand on my feet for work 9 to 10 hours a day and wear NOTHING but Earth Shoes for work and leisure .
 Let 's start with , I really have problems with my feet , thus finding shoes that do n't hurt , is difficult . I read a lot of reviews before I bought these . It 's a nice shoe , runs wide enough . My main problem is in the instep . I have a high instep , not incredibly high , but on the high side and these are tight . The laces are fake ; you ca n't open the laces up to put the shoe on . The tongue comes way up ; so there is n't a lot of room to get your foot in ; so if you have a high instep , think about these , maybe try to find other reviews and see if anyone else has had any problems . They have a little give , but not much . Everyone loves them , maybe it 's just me , but not my favorites . I think if I could actually open them like a regular tennis shoe , I would like them more . Great arch support , width is good for me , which means if you have narrow feet , steer clear . Come in fabulous colors , which I did n't get . If you are looking and only find drab colors , keep searching as the new colors are great and there are a lot !!!
 I have theses shoes they are very comfortable and lightweight . Spray with scotchgard to keep nice looking . They fold up for traveling and then spring back to shape . Nice arch support , excellent walking shoes .
 This is my second pair of Earth Lazers . They are wonderful walking shoes . I use them for work and exercise . Very comfortable , lightweight and flexible . I wore them on a trip to Europe and my feet never hurt after doing much walking .
 As I have been wearing Earth shoes exclusively for the past 5 years , I knew exactly what I was getting when I placed my order . My sister & I both call them miracle shoes . They will feel different if you are wearing them for the first time , because the heel is a little lower than the toe ; therefore , there is naturally an adjustment period of aproximately 10 to fourteen days . Before I started wearing these shoes , all I could think about was my feet and how much they hurt . I was on my feet my entire work day and by the end I had to concentrate on just putting one foot in front of the other . My pain was terrible . My first day of wearing these shoes , the pain was much better . After the first two weeks , it was gone ! My back ache was less , too ! I forgot about my feet , and I could concentrate on my job ! I admit , I do have favorites and this Lazor is one of them . . very comfy and weighs next to nothing ! When I saw them on sale , I snatched them up ! If your feet hurt , give them a try . I wo n't wear any other brand !
 These are my favorite shoes ! I wear them all day , and forget I have them on , except I notice my back feels better than usual . I can stand on my feet for long periods of time without having fatigue in my legs or back . The sole is flexible and light , my toes have plenty of room in front , yet they do n't slip off my heels , and they are easy to put on and take off . Awesome shoe !
 I 'm writing this review for those of you who wear the small sizes still available in this model . BUY THESE FOR YOUR FEET !! Your back will be happier , too . I have just 2 pairs of these , but wish I could have filled a closet shelf with them before they disappeared from Earth 's product line . Most comfortable shoes ever made and weightless so you can toss an extra pair in your bag for color change or rain . My first pair was from Melbourne , Australia , where I limped into a lovely little shoe store with bunion aflame and blisters to boot . Immediate relief - saved my trip , then many future ones . Best souvenir I found , in fact . Fit true on my narrow heel , have no seams to put pressure anywhere on the forefoot , and I can wiggle my toes to my heart 's content . I immediately bought another color and told everyone I knew to pick some up . But then tragedy struck . No more availability for my size 9.5 feet in any color at all . Now I am depressed , and will go put on my black Lazers circa 2008 for a nice walk to cheer me up .
 Picked up these shoes for the wife -LRB- whom is VERY picky -RRB- and she absolutely loved them . Great affordable price and kickback in return from the lil ' woman ! It pays to pricegrab .
 Excellent lightweight very comfortable shoes . I have 2 pairs in different colors . Perfect for fall weather
 These walking shoes are so light and comfortable . They fit perfectly . I love them and would recommend them to anyone who enjoys walking and comfortable feet !
 My shoes were delivered on time , had special rates , and are the correct size . It means I would purchase from Amazon again and from this shoe company supplier for the Earth Shoe I like .
 I have back issues and these shoes offer arch support and help with good posture . Love them , this is my second pair .
 These are my second pair of Earth Lazers . I have a narrow foot , size 11 , and they fit just perfectly . The heel is snug , and the toebed is more of a medium fit . But , when you walk in these shoes , the weight falls towards the heel , so you do n't really need a narrow toe box . I did order them in a size ten , instead of the 11 , and my foot feels supported and secure . It 's great for someone with a bad back too . They are ultra light and fit easily into luggage for travel . You are probably not supposed to wash these , but I did in a low setting . They came out just fine . I do n't think you should put them in the dryer , however . The price offered on Amazon , in conjunction with the Amazon credit card , made this too hard to resist . So glad I got them . Highly recommended !
 This is my fourth pair of Lazers.It 's a great shoe if you have foot problems like bunions , hammer toes and pain in the ball of the foot . The negative heel takes the weight off the ball and the soft `` suede '' allows for give and does not rub sensitive areas.I have been able to do serious walking since I discovered these shoes . I just wish I could get the dark blue in my size again . Apparently not made anymore ? I do love my `` blue suede shoes . ''
 I have chronic pain in my back and have had surgery on one of my feet . Needless to say , I do n't get along with most of the shoes out there . They either make it so after an hour on my feet my back hurts , or when I take my shoes off my arches feel bruised , or some such combination of the former two statements.I first bought a pair of Earth Shoes back in 2008 , when I got my first job as a server . When I started working in an office I purchased a pair of `` dress '' Earth shoes.I recently had to replace my casual pair because they began to come apart at the seams . After a year of being abused in a restaurant -LRB- working 2 jobs , I averaged 60 hours a week on my feet -RRB- , constant use for walking , going out with friends , running , and bike riding my old pair finally wore out . So I purchased a new pair and when I put them on they were just as comfortable as my old pair . These are lightweight shoes and with the posture correcting `` negative heel technology '' they help me to burn calories while I 'm walking down the street.With my back the way that it is , these are the only shoes that I can wear for any length of time if I 'm going to be on my feet at all . They are amazing and I swear by them . They have an interesting design , they may not be all that stylish , but they are comfortable and they last for quite a while , even with heavy use .
 Shoes are very comfortable for being on my feet at a 7 hour part time job . Like the low heel for walking and NO lower back pain ! Also the wide toe box . Would not go on long walks as it does not have firm support around the ankle area .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 After trying sandal upon sandal , the Opas from Steve Madden proved to be top notch at a great price . If you have a hard time getting used to wearing sandals , these work out great . The design allows you to wear these with shorts or jeans . Unlike most sandals of this type the footbed is sqeak free and zero slippage . As for fit I 'm a standard 9.5 and had to go with a 9 for the best fit .
 Looks darker than in pic.Solid quality and comfort!Looks great for work -LRB- suits , bus casual -RRB- can get away w wearing w jeans as well .
 This pair are the most comfortable shoes I own so far . Very light , comfortable lining , good cushion , and nice looking .
 As comfortable as my Crocs , but nicer looking and more acceptable footware for going out .
 I was really impressed with how fast my shoes arrived at my house . Good price and great service .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I bought these shoes to replace a burned out pair of New Balance running shoes . Thought walking shoes were more my style now . These shoes are comfortable and very sturdy .
 Love them ! Not only are they for an excellent cause but they are very comfortable .
 I had preciously ordered an Ecco , but they did n't fit and they had none of the size I needed . Then I found Clark 's men 's shoes . The Forbes slip-on is so comfortable , priced so good , and my husband loved them so I ordered another pair in black . Winner all around . Can I say they were much more comfortable than the shoes I thought would be good . When you 're one of those people who leave a complete foot print in the sand -LRB- no arch -RRB- , then you know how much a comfortable shoe can mean to you . This is it .
 I have many different pairs of shoes , and THE one I always think of when I think of comfort are these babies ! These shoes look great too . This pair of shoes made me purchase several other Clark brand shoes , all of which pale in comparison . If you want a nice casual to dressy shoe , this is the one for you ! 5 stars all the way !
 After wearing the shoes for about 2 weeks , I must confess that they are truly comfortable and I like them very much
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 Today I recieved my World Insutries Shoes . They are awesome . I just got back in from skating with them on ... WOW . They are very comfortable . Worth every penny .
 Picked up these shoes for the wife -LRB- whom is VERY picky -RRB- and she absolutely loved them . Great affordable price and kickback in return from the lil ' woman ! It pays to pricegrab .
 Excellent lightweight very comfortable shoes . I have 2 pairs in different colors . Perfect for fall weather
 These walking shoes are so light and comfortable . They fit perfectly . I love them and would recommend them to anyone who enjoys walking and comfortable feet !
 My shoes were delivered on time , had special rates , and are the correct size . It means I would purchase from Amazon again and from this shoe company supplier for the Earth Shoe I like .
 I have back issues and these shoes offer arch support and help with good posture . Love them , this is my second pair .
 These are my second pair of Earth Lazers . I have a narrow foot , size 11 , and they fit just perfectly . The heel is snug , and the toebed is more of a medium fit . But , when you walk in these shoes , the weight falls towards the heel , so you do n't really need a narrow toe box . I did order them in a size ten , instead of the 11 , and my foot feels supported and secure . It 's great for someone with a bad back too . They are ultra light and fit easily into luggage for travel . You are probably not supposed to wash these , but I did in a low setting . They came out just fine . I do n't think you should put them in the dryer , however . The price offered on Amazon , in conjunction with the Amazon credit card , made this too hard to resist . So glad I got them . Highly recommended !
 This is my fourth pair of Lazers.It 's a great shoe if you have foot problems like bunions , hammer toes and pain in the ball of the foot . The negative heel takes the weight off the ball and the soft `` suede '' allows for give and does not rub sensitive areas.I have been able to do serious walking since I discovered these shoes . I just wish I could get the dark blue in my size again . Apparently not made anymore ? I do love my `` blue suede shoes . ''
 I have chronic pain in my back and have had surgery on one of my feet . Needless to say , I do n't get along with most of the shoes out there . They either make it so after an hour on my feet my back hurts , or when I take my shoes off my arches feel bruised , or some such combination of the former two statements.I first bought a pair of Earth Shoes back in 2008 , when I got my first job as a server . When I started working in an office I purchased a pair of `` dress '' Earth shoes.I recently had to replace my casual pair because they began to come apart at the seams . After a year of being abused in a restaurant -LRB- working 2 jobs , I averaged 60 hours a week on my feet -RRB- , constant use for walking , going out with friends , running , and bike riding my old pair finally wore out . So I purchased a new pair and when I put them on they were just as comfortable as my old pair . These are lightweight shoes and with the posture correcting `` negative heel technology '' they help me to burn calories while I 'm walking down the street.With my back the way that it is , these are the only shoes that I can wear for any length of time if I 'm going to be on my feet at all . They are amazing and I swear by them . They have an interesting design , they may not be all that stylish , but they are comfortable and they last for quite a while , even with heavy use .
 Shoes are very comfortable for being on my feet at a 7 hour part time job . Like the low heel for walking and NO lower back pain ! Also the wide toe box . Would not go on long walks as it does not have firm support around the ankle area .
 I 'm writing this review for those of you who wear the small sizes still available in this model . BUY THESE FOR YOUR FEET !! Your back will be happier , too . I have just 2 pairs of these , but wish I could have filled a closet shelf with them before they disappeared from Earth 's product line . Most comfortable shoes ever made and weightless so you can toss an extra pair in your bag for color change or rain . My first pair was from Melbourne , Australia , where I limped into a lovely little shoe store with bunion aflame and blisters to boot . Immediate relief - saved my trip , then many future ones . Best souvenir I found , in fact . Fit true on my narrow heel , have no seams to put pressure anywhere on the forefoot , and I can wiggle my toes to my heart 's content . I immediately bought another color and told everyone I knew to pick some up . But then tragedy struck . No more availability for my size 9.5 feet in any color at all . Now I am depressed , and will go put on my black Lazers circa 2008 for a nice walk to cheer me up .
 After 49 years , I finally have a pair of shoes that convinced me to go out and buy another pair like them -LRB- but in a different color -RRB- and buy more shoes of that brand . I will not buy another pair of shoes that are not Earth shoes!I have a swollen nerve in one foot that prevents me from wearing high heels or any shoe that has a narrow toe box . The Earth shoes all have wide toe boxes that do not squeeze my toes . The Earth shoes are made with the heel lower than the toes which gives your calves a nice workout , but it also allows for a much more natural walking gait -LRB- like you are barefoot on soft dirt or sand -RRB- . I can now walk and stand for hours without my feet hurting ! I also have fairly high arches that receive good support in the Earth shoes.I have bought my daughter the same shoe as well as some Earth winter boots . She has also loved these shoes .
 These shoes are the most comfortable shoe I 've owned . I have bone spurs in my heels , plantar fasciitis , and am overweight , and these shoes make me feel lighter and without so much pain , like I am wearing comfortable slippers , except with support . I will definitely buy more .
 I tried these Lazers to see if they might put an end to my foot pain - in the joint or `` ball '' of my right big toe - which had been negatively affecting the joy I get from walking . Well they did the trick , in them I am able to do four or five 5-mile walks every week on varied terrain , pain-free . I began to wonder if the results were because of the lowered heel or because of the total flexibility and softness of the shoe and since the Lazers do have a fairly thin sole allowing some pressure to transmit through on rocky/gravelly surfaces I thought I 'd give the Rockets a try . The RocketsWomen 's Earth Rocketare like a typical athletic shoe -LRB- but with the Kalso design -RRB- so the sole is thicker and the whole shoe is just sturdier and more supportive than the Lazer . But alas my pain returned with the Rockets so now I 'm going to buy a couple more pairs of Lazers and stick with them . I 'd way rather feel a rock or two underfoot than have that incessant toe pain any day . So I conclude that my problem was solved not necessarily by a lowered heel but rather by a softer and more flexible shoe . You may wonder why I do n't buy a less expensive soft and flexible shoe if that 's all I 'm in need of and I wondered the same but decided that the wide shape in the front area of the Earth was of significant value and also , I think that the lowered heel very likely prevents over-pronation which I have a tendency to do .
 These are just awesome , lightweight and flexible with great support . Very comfortable , Nice looking too !
 Wearing these shoes are more comfortable than wearing no shoes . I wore Earth Shoes over 30 years ago when there was just one style and loved them then . I now stand on my feet for work 9 to 10 hours a day and wear NOTHING but Earth Shoes for work and leisure .
 Let 's start with , I really have problems with my feet , thus finding shoes that do n't hurt , is difficult . I read a lot of reviews before I bought these . It 's a nice shoe , runs wide enough . My main problem is in the instep . I have a high instep , not incredibly high , but on the high side and these are tight . The laces are fake ; you ca n't open the laces up to put the shoe on . The tongue comes way up ; so there is n't a lot of room to get your foot in ; so if you have a high instep , think about these , maybe try to find other reviews and see if anyone else has had any problems . They have a little give , but not much . Everyone loves them , maybe it 's just me , but not my favorites . I think if I could actually open them like a regular tennis shoe , I would like them more . Great arch support , width is good for me , which means if you have narrow feet , steer clear . Come in fabulous colors , which I did n't get . If you are looking and only find drab colors , keep searching as the new colors are great and there are a lot !!!
 I have theses shoes they are very comfortable and lightweight . Spray with scotchgard to keep nice looking . They fold up for traveling and then spring back to shape . Nice arch support , excellent walking shoes .
 This is my second pair of Earth Lazers . They are wonderful walking shoes . I use them for work and exercise . Very comfortable , lightweight and flexible . I wore them on a trip to Europe and my feet never hurt after doing much walking .
 As I have been wearing Earth shoes exclusively for the past 5 years , I knew exactly what I was getting when I placed my order . My sister & I both call them miracle shoes . They will feel different if you are wearing them for the first time , because the heel is a little lower than the toe ; therefore , there is naturally an adjustment period of aproximately 10 to fourteen days . Before I started wearing these shoes , all I could think about was my feet and how much they hurt . I was on my feet my entire work day and by the end I had to concentrate on just putting one foot in front of the other . My pain was terrible . My first day of wearing these shoes , the pain was much better . After the first two weeks , it was gone ! My back ache was less , too ! I forgot about my feet , and I could concentrate on my job ! I admit , I do have favorites and this Lazor is one of them . . very comfy and weighs next to nothing ! When I saw them on sale , I snatched them up ! If your feet hurt , give them a try . I wo n't wear any other brand !
 These are my favorite shoes ! I wear them all day , and forget I have them on , except I notice my back feels better than usual . I can stand on my feet for long periods of time without having fatigue in my legs or back . The sole is flexible and light , my toes have plenty of room in front , yet they do n't slip off my heels , and they are easy to put on and take off . Awesome shoe !
 I was attracted to the wedge , so I took a chance that did not disappoint me . These boots are sooooo comfortable and have good support if you securely tie them . My daughter wanted to wear them ... I am glad they had her size because she has to get her own ! I am 53 and she 26 said they are really nice ... so I guess that means I am fashionable for a change . If you are wondering what the wedge is , it is tan rubber and not a sueded heel like I thought . Well made , true to size .
 Today I recieved my World Insutries Shoes . They are awesome . I just got back in from skating with them on ... WOW . They are very comfortable . Worth every penny .
 I tried these boots on locally and ordered them here . I like the boots . My feet get cold so I like the 1000 grams of thinsulate . The soles are plenty hard and a little slick in my tree stand but that is not a big deal . These are definitely cold weather boots , not for hiking as much as they are for sitting on stand . They seem well build like all Danner 's so I think they will hold up . I would buy them again !
 Today I recieved my World Insutries Shoes . They are awesome . I just got back in from skating with them on ... WOW . They are very comfortable . Worth every penny .
 These boots are well made and the zipper on the side makes it easy to get on and off . My 3 year old Granddaughter had no trouble walking or playing in them and she loved them as well . Her feet stayed dry and warm . No disappointment with this purchase !
 We got these boots for both our girls . They love them . They are n't very warm , but they are totally waterproof making them good for both rain and snow . They also have a tennis shoe bottom which helps with traction and they zip up the side so the 3 year old can put them on herself . Only complaint is that I wish they were warmer , but guess this way they 're all year boots and not just winter boots , so we 'll get our wear out of them .
 My daughter loves these boots , she can play in the snow and her feet do n't get wet nor does she complain of them being cold .
 I bought these boots for my husband for Christmas . He says they are the best waterproof boots he has ever owned . Very comfortable .
 I tried these boots on locally and ordered them here . I like the boots . My feet get cold so I like the 1000 grams of thinsulate . The soles are plenty hard and a little slick in my tree stand but that is not a big deal . These are definitely cold weather boots , not for hiking as much as they are for sitting on stand . They seem well build like all Danner 's so I think they will hold up . I would buy them again !
 Vans are my choice of comfortable slip on shoes.Yes I know these are not technically slipons , but it is how I wear them .
 I bought these boots for my husband for Christmas . He says they are the best waterproof boots he has ever owned . Very comfortable .
 I tried these boots on locally and ordered them here . I like the boots . My feet get cold so I like the 1000 grams of thinsulate . The soles are plenty hard and a little slick in my tree stand but that is not a big deal . These are definitely cold weather boots , not for hiking as much as they are for sitting on stand . They seem well build like all Danner 's so I think they will hold up . I would buy them again !
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 We finally found light up Cars sneakers ! My 6 yr old son is thrilled with them . We do n't generally find light up sneakers in his size anymore , so we were very excited to find these . Quality seems good , we like the stretch laces and velcro strap . I like the color -LRB- does n't show the dirt much -RRB- and he loves the theme and lights . He even plays with the themed shoebox still .
 My son loves the Cars movie . I purchased a bunch of shoes from Amazon.com for him to try on and these fit him the best . They light up and now he wo n't wear any other shoes . I tried to get him to wear something else , but instead all I could do was reorder these shoes at a larger size . I also orderded in a bigger size for next time . Oh and yes , the price is just right ! I feel its quite a bargain .
 I bought this shoe for a friend and he loves it saying that he gets a lot of compliments .
 I bought these boots for my husband for Christmas . He says they are the best waterproof boots he has ever owned . Very comfortable .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I tried these boots on locally and ordered them here . I like the boots . My feet get cold so I like the 1000 grams of thinsulate . The soles are plenty hard and a little slick in my tree stand but that is not a big deal . These are definitely cold weather boots , not for hiking as much as they are for sitting on stand . They seem well build like all Danner 's so I think they will hold up . I would buy them again !
 If you bought a pair , you are in luck !! These are the best on your feet and feel SO comfortable !! I have the black ones , which they do n't make anymore , and I love them !!! Get a pair in your size if you can find them !!!!
 I tried these boots on locally and ordered them here . I like the boots . My feet get cold so I like the 1000 grams of thinsulate . The soles are plenty hard and a little slick in my tree stand but that is not a big deal . These are definitely cold weather boots , not for hiking as much as they are for sitting on stand . They seem well build like all Danner 's so I think they will hold up . I would buy them again !
 I have never purchased shoes before from an internet site and was worriedwhether something very personal like shoes could be purchased confidentlywith no regrets . The sizing chart for selecting shoe size was not onlyno help but caused me to purchase a shoe that was 1/2 a size too large.My recommendation to anyone purchasing this brand of shoe was to usedtheir current shoe size as a start.For the shoes themselves , I was pleasently surprised by the quality andmaterial used even though they were made in China . I wore out myprevious shoes usually within 12-14 months of normal walking to and fromschool and some work in the garden . I wanted something better than the $ 50 - $ 75 dollar shoes that you buy in the local department stores andhearing good things about the Red Wing products , I went to their localoutlet and viewed their product . I went away impressed BUT did n't wantto start out by buying a $ 125 - $ 175 pair of shoes and finding out that itwas a poor choice . Then I found these were on sale and had a limitedwarrenty of 6-months -LRB- American made shoes have a 1 year warrenty -RRB- andtook the gamble.After 3 months , the boots are still going strong and broken in after 2days of wearing . They are heavy because of the steel toe caps and soleplates but I have got used to them . The rope-like laces are stiff andrequire double knotting to keep them from loosening . The only thingthat kept the product from having a 5-star rating was the fact that oneof the lacing loops tore loose from the shoe upper after only 2 days .
 I tried these boots on locally and ordered them here . I like the boots . My feet get cold so I like the 1000 grams of thinsulate . The soles are plenty hard and a little slick in my tree stand but that is not a big deal . These are definitely cold weather boots , not for hiking as much as they are for sitting on stand . They seem well build like all Danner 's so I think they will hold up . I would buy them again !
 I love love these shoes for my little toddler . They go with everything , and although they are slightly harder to put on being the higher tops ... worth it ! lol for me at least : -RRB-
 Producto excelente y buen estado entregado a tiempo y en condiciones &oacute;ptimas altamente recomendado el vendedor y con buena credibilidad
 I 'm very satisfied with this order ! Great shoes and got here in 2 days like it said they would . Would recommend to others !
 buen producto , enviado cuando se esperaba , con buena calidad y gran responsabilidad por parte del vendedor , recibido a tiempo en destino
 TENNIS CLASICAS PARA NI&N tilde ; OS O NI&N tilde ; AS , MUY BONITAS Y NO PASAN DE MODA , RECOMENDADAS ES UN MARCA MUY BONITA Y FAMOSA
 I SEND THEM TO MY GREAT NIECE IN LAS VEGAS AND SHE LOVES THEM , EVERYONE KNOWS THE QUALITY OF CONVERSE , I HAVE BEEN WEARING THEM SINCE I WAS A CHILD MYSELF .
 Excelente los tiempos de entrega , la ropa llego en buen estado . buenos vendedores , Excelente el producto los recomiendo para futuras compras
 I like the product very much . . The design and the quality is very good than expected . Size is perfect as per the chart mentioned
 They are nice shoes . I would buy them again . The quality and style is good . They have a nice selection of colors .
 Muy buen producto . Lo que esperaba.Lo recibi a tiempo . Ahora mi hija esta contenta.Lo que recibi fue lo mismo que vi en la PC .
 Excellent product and also delivered on time . I bought it for my son and he love it . The quality is very good and the color very vivid .
 My son loved his shoes mostly for the looks , but like most converse it 's not a very confortable shoe although he does n't mind wearing it
 I bought these for my 18 month old daughter . They are adorable with tights ! She loves having these on . I 'd say they run a little big , but I 'm fine with that . It 's sometimes nice to have sneakers to put on her that she ca n't take off !
 Love this shoe for my baby.Another one to add to his collection of Chucks .
 I bought the red high tops for my 8 yr old daughter . She loves them ! They are a quality product that she wears with everything .
 Shoes were purchased for my grandson . He loved them and thought they were cool .
 Chcuk Taylors were the shoe when I was a kid , and still are . Great price and awesome shipping time .
 i 've a 4 years old daugther that love the pink color , so when she saw the shoes , never want to wear anything else . I think that she feel very confortable with her new Converse All Star . She make me remind my chilhood , when i use to wear my own .
 Three year old `` LOVES '' these shoes . Wants to wear them to bed.Arrived on time in perfect condition and the price was excellent .
 These shoes are way hip and since they 're hightops , my kid ca n't kick them off in the carseat ! I have n't heard any complaints about comfort from him either . They have held up through two sons and are a little faded from frequent washing , but look all the cooler for it .
 I bought this shoes for my daughter and they 're great . They fit really well and stay snug on her feet . Also , being high-tops they are hard for her to take off , which is awesome . They also seem very durable . I 'll be sure to buy bigger ones when she grows out of these ones .
 We are now a Chuck Taylor family ! Every one has a pair of these great sneakers and I highly recomend them to everyone ! Great quality , and the fact that they come in pink for my little princess is priceless !
 Beautiful quality shoes , perfect packaging . The size ran a little big but that is no big deal . Highly recommended .
 I buy my son black chucks every year . They are classic and cool and the price ca n't be beat . They run large so make sure you size down 1/2 size to a full size . They do not come in half sizes so my son who is a size 13 wears a 12 and they fit great .
 My son wanted these for basketball and it was hard finding them . Ordered them - got them in great time and he really enjoys wearing them .
 Bought these as a gift for my 6 year old great-niece . She was thrilled ! Great product , exactly as pictured . Thanks !
 these were purchased for my son . he said they are cool and nice . he like them . great puchase great shipping and ontime . thanks alot .
 Producto de muy buena calidad 100 % bueno Producto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % bueno
 My kid is in heaven with these new kicks ! He wears them with every outfit . They look great on him too . Thanks .
 I Bought this shoes for my baby and they are great ... good choice and good buyer
 Converse Boy & Girl Chuck Taylor Hi-TopGood customer service , fast shipping high quality product
 I 've been looking for a great looking shoe that my toddler ca n't take off . These are perfect . Since they 're high tops , I lace them up all the way , double knot them , and I do n't have to worry about him losing a shoe in the store . The only problem with Chuck Taylors are that they 're somewhat difficult to put on my son 's wide feet . I can tell that they 're fine and comfortable once I put them on him , but I have to spend a lot of time loosening up and re-tightening the laces . I did go a size larger than my son 's normal shoe size because his feet are kind of wide , and they fit perfectly . Really , you ca n't go wrong with Chucks .
 My 2 1/2 year old LOVES these shoes ! And I think they are too cute !! Shoes are true to size . Perfect fit !
 These are the greatest little shoes for toddlers . I think it 's awesome they came out with them . The seller was great !
 this shoes are the cutes thing ever , i buy this in black and they are perfect cuz it matches with all , and my baby are happy .
 I ordered these shoes for my six year old son . I always bought him all different kind of shoes . Nikes , Reeboks , Pumas etc. . Now He wont wear anything else he LOVES these shoes . I Have bought them in all different colors so he has them to match everything . They are made well and seem to take the wear and tear of my son . Thanks for a great product . They are true to size and fit him perfectly .
 Shoes were on sale for almost nothing and I purchased them as a dog toy , My Husky puppy loves it
 My daughter wears high tops all the time . Nice to find this neutral color . She enjoys the converse brand , they hold up well .
 BOUGHT THESE FOR MY SON . NOW ALL THE KIDS IN HIS CLASS WANT A PAIR . VERY STYLISH AND INEXPENSIVE . NOW I WANT A PAIR .
 Converse were the only shoes I could wear as a kid . Anything else fell apart in a matter of weeks . These ones were actually for my daughter to wear as a flower girl at a baseball themed wedding , but they 've been great shoes for her . Being white , they get dirty easily , but being converse , you can just throw them in the wash .
 Great prices , ca n't go worng with Chucks !! These are a classic pair , pair them with a spandex dress and blazer for a summer walk in the city ! LOVE !
 Got -LRB- the white -RRB- these for my 7 year old he loves them ... they are realy cute and they fit him realy nice ... Shoe is 100 % and he says they are very comfortable
 I ordered these shoes for a Christmas gift . They were the `` hit '' of Christmas day!Shipping took a bit longer than I anticipated due to the season , but they were exactly right !
 No problems and no complaints . My order was fine and the converses were excellent .
 Stylish comfortable shoe . Great for everyday use including workout , walking or normal activewear . I love the fact that I can wear this shoe for the entire days activities & still feel comfortable after 12 hours or so . Excellent color combination . Extremely light weight . Easy to wear for extended periods .
 The boots are comfortable and easy to wear . Are not heavy , which was the main reason I was looking to replace my other pair . The boots are durable and appropriate for the snowy winter in Boston . Water does not penetrate them at the bottom . Nice buy !
 Timberland is a good product . I have a few pairs of shoes from Timberland . Theses boots do have a solid fit , as one customer stated , but the fit is very comfortable ! Gives a sold footing with walking in the unpredictable winter weather . Highly recommended . The price is extremely low for a Timberland product . This boot is a winner !
 MY HUSBAND WAS VERY PLEASED WITH THIS BOOT AND I WAS PLEASED WITH THE PRICE AND ALSO THAT THEY ACTUALLY FIT HIM . YEAH , , , HE IS HARD TO BUY SHOES FOR . SHIPPING WAS GOOD BUT HAD NO RETURN LABLE IN CASE THEY DID N'T FIT JUST SO YOU KNOW . HOWEVER , I WAS THRILLED THAT WE DID N'T NEED ONE . THANKS SO MUCH . . WE SAVED FIFTY DOLLARS ORDERING THESE FROM AMAZON .
 Greatest Most durable boots I 've ever purchased . I 'm actually very surprised with these for the price I paid . All comparable boots in local stores were easily twice the cost . I 'd highly reccommend these boots to someone who wanted something long lasting .
 I gave these a five star based on price and performance . I purchased these boots for about 50 % off at 50 dollars . They have served well in the snow - waterproof and warm . I probably would have liked the black color more if it was available . As a workboot , the only things lacking are a steel toe and an oil resistant sole . Overall a great shoe .
 My son was thrilled to find these Tims at this unbelievably low price . Amazon shipping was prompt as always , and the fit was perfect .
 I usually reserve myself to Doc Martens , but I was looking for a style change when I found these boots at an unreal price . They are lightweight and comfortable , and look very nice in solid black . The best thing about them is their durability . I am tough as hell on shoes in general , but these are very scuff resistant . I imagine these will still look good 6 months from now without any type of repair , but we 'll see .
 Never owned a pair of Tim 's before . Took them out for an all day hike and WOW ! Really resistant to water , comfortable , and are durable . look forward to owning these for a few years .
 I first saw this shoe on Macy 's website and tracked it down because I had to have it . NOW that I have it in the physical I must say this shoe is absolutely amazing ! They are true to color -LRB- blue -RRB- , size , width and the heel , to me , is not bad at all . -LRB- I wear heels everyday and not all of them are comfortable -RRB- This shoe is very comfortable and eye catching ! I truly reccommend this shoe to anyone that loves sexy , sophisticated and rare shoes !
 I Absolutely Love These Shoes !!!! They are so cute and very comfortable ! I am so glad I made this purchase !!! Thank you Amazon !
 I bought these shoes for a friend of mine , and she has the opinion that they are about the coolest shoes she has ever owned . So she 's very , very happy . My personal impression is that the finish is a bit plastic-like , but OK when considering the price . And I do n't think it is very noticeable from normal watching-distance .
 I bought these boots for my husband for Christmas . He says they are the best waterproof boots he has ever owned . Very comfortable .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 These shoes are way hip and since they 're hightops , my kid ca n't kick them off in the carseat ! I have n't heard any complaints about comfort from him either . They have held up through two sons and are a little faded from frequent washing , but look all the cooler for it .
 I bought this shoes for my daughter and they 're great . They fit really well and stay snug on her feet . Also , being high-tops they are hard for her to take off , which is awesome . They also seem very durable . I 'll be sure to buy bigger ones when she grows out of these ones .
 We are now a Chuck Taylor family ! Every one has a pair of these great sneakers and I highly recomend them to everyone ! Great quality , and the fact that they come in pink for my little princess is priceless !
 Beautiful quality shoes , perfect packaging . The size ran a little big but that is no big deal . Highly recommended .
 I buy my son black chucks every year . They are classic and cool and the price ca n't be beat . They run large so make sure you size down 1/2 size to a full size . They do not come in half sizes so my son who is a size 13 wears a 12 and they fit great .
 My son wanted these for basketball and it was hard finding them . Ordered them - got them in great time and he really enjoys wearing them .
 Bought these as a gift for my 6 year old great-niece . She was thrilled ! Great product , exactly as pictured . Thanks !
 these were purchased for my son . he said they are cool and nice . he like them . great puchase great shipping and ontime . thanks alot .
 Producto de muy buena calidad 100 % bueno Producto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % bueno
 My kid is in heaven with these new kicks ! He wears them with every outfit . They look great on him too . Thanks .
 I Bought this shoes for my baby and they are great ... good choice and good buyer
 Converse Boy & Girl Chuck Taylor Hi-TopGood customer service , fast shipping high quality product
 I 've been looking for a great looking shoe that my toddler ca n't take off . These are perfect . Since they 're high tops , I lace them up all the way , double knot them , and I do n't have to worry about him losing a shoe in the store . The only problem with Chuck Taylors are that they 're somewhat difficult to put on my son 's wide feet . I can tell that they 're fine and comfortable once I put them on him , but I have to spend a lot of time loosening up and re-tightening the laces . I did go a size larger than my son 's normal shoe size because his feet are kind of wide , and they fit perfectly . Really , you ca n't go wrong with Chucks .
 My 2 1/2 year old LOVES these shoes ! And I think they are too cute !! Shoes are true to size . Perfect fit !
 These are the greatest little shoes for toddlers . I think it 's awesome they came out with them . The seller was great !
 this shoes are the cutes thing ever , i buy this in black and they are perfect cuz it matches with all , and my baby are happy .
 I ordered these shoes for my six year old son . I always bought him all different kind of shoes . Nikes , Reeboks , Pumas etc. . Now He wont wear anything else he LOVES these shoes . I Have bought them in all different colors so he has them to match everything . They are made well and seem to take the wear and tear of my son . Thanks for a great product . They are true to size and fit him perfectly .
 Shoes were on sale for almost nothing and I purchased them as a dog toy , My Husky puppy loves it
 I love love these shoes for my little toddler . They go with everything , and although they are slightly harder to put on being the higher tops ... worth it ! lol for me at least : -RRB-
 Producto excelente y buen estado entregado a tiempo y en condiciones &oacute;ptimas altamente recomendado el vendedor y con buena credibilidad
 I 'm very satisfied with this order ! Great shoes and got here in 2 days like it said they would . Would recommend to others !
 buen producto , enviado cuando se esperaba , con buena calidad y gran responsabilidad por parte del vendedor , recibido a tiempo en destino
 TENNIS CLASICAS PARA NI&N tilde ; OS O NI&N tilde ; AS , MUY BONITAS Y NO PASAN DE MODA , RECOMENDADAS ES UN MARCA MUY BONITA Y FAMOSA
 I SEND THEM TO MY GREAT NIECE IN LAS VEGAS AND SHE LOVES THEM , EVERYONE KNOWS THE QUALITY OF CONVERSE , I HAVE BEEN WEARING THEM SINCE I WAS A CHILD MYSELF .
 Excelente los tiempos de entrega , la ropa llego en buen estado . buenos vendedores , Excelente el producto los recomiendo para futuras compras
 I like the product very much . . The design and the quality is very good than expected . Size is perfect as per the chart mentioned
 They are nice shoes . I would buy them again . The quality and style is good . They have a nice selection of colors .
 Muy buen producto . Lo que esperaba.Lo recibi a tiempo . Ahora mi hija esta contenta.Lo que recibi fue lo mismo que vi en la PC .
 Excellent product and also delivered on time . I bought it for my son and he love it . The quality is very good and the color very vivid .
 My son loved his shoes mostly for the looks , but like most converse it 's not a very confortable shoe although he does n't mind wearing it
 I bought these for my 18 month old daughter . They are adorable with tights ! She loves having these on . I 'd say they run a little big , but I 'm fine with that . It 's sometimes nice to have sneakers to put on her that she ca n't take off !
 Love this shoe for my baby.Another one to add to his collection of Chucks .
 I bought the red high tops for my 8 yr old daughter . She loves them ! They are a quality product that she wears with everything .
 Shoes were purchased for my grandson . He loved them and thought they were cool .
 Chcuk Taylors were the shoe when I was a kid , and still are . Great price and awesome shipping time .
 i 've a 4 years old daugther that love the pink color , so when she saw the shoes , never want to wear anything else . I think that she feel very confortable with her new Converse All Star . She make me remind my chilhood , when i use to wear my own .
 Three year old `` LOVES '' these shoes . Wants to wear them to bed.Arrived on time in perfect condition and the price was excellent .
 The boots are comfortable and easy to wear . Are not heavy , which was the main reason I was looking to replace my other pair . The boots are durable and appropriate for the snowy winter in Boston . Water does not penetrate them at the bottom . Nice buy !
 Timberland is a good product . I have a few pairs of shoes from Timberland . Theses boots do have a solid fit , as one customer stated , but the fit is very comfortable ! Gives a sold footing with walking in the unpredictable winter weather . Highly recommended . The price is extremely low for a Timberland product . This boot is a winner !
 MY HUSBAND WAS VERY PLEASED WITH THIS BOOT AND I WAS PLEASED WITH THE PRICE AND ALSO THAT THEY ACTUALLY FIT HIM . YEAH , , , HE IS HARD TO BUY SHOES FOR . SHIPPING WAS GOOD BUT HAD NO RETURN LABLE IN CASE THEY DID N'T FIT JUST SO YOU KNOW . HOWEVER , I WAS THRILLED THAT WE DID N'T NEED ONE . THANKS SO MUCH . . WE SAVED FIFTY DOLLARS ORDERING THESE FROM AMAZON .
 Greatest Most durable boots I 've ever purchased . I 'm actually very surprised with these for the price I paid . All comparable boots in local stores were easily twice the cost . I 'd highly reccommend these boots to someone who wanted something long lasting .
 I gave these a five star based on price and performance . I purchased these boots for about 50 % off at 50 dollars . They have served well in the snow - waterproof and warm . I probably would have liked the black color more if it was available . As a workboot , the only things lacking are a steel toe and an oil resistant sole . Overall a great shoe .
 My son was thrilled to find these Tims at this unbelievably low price . Amazon shipping was prompt as always , and the fit was perfect .
 I usually reserve myself to Doc Martens , but I was looking for a style change when I found these boots at an unreal price . They are lightweight and comfortable , and look very nice in solid black . The best thing about them is their durability . I am tough as hell on shoes in general , but these are very scuff resistant . I imagine these will still look good 6 months from now without any type of repair , but we 'll see .
 Never owned a pair of Tim 's before . Took them out for an all day hike and WOW ! Really resistant to water , comfortable , and are durable . look forward to owning these for a few years .
 My little girl loves it , it fits her feet well , and does n't show the dirt like other little girl shoes .
 The boots are comfortable and easy to wear . Are not heavy , which was the main reason I was looking to replace my other pair . The boots are durable and appropriate for the snowy winter in Boston . Water does not penetrate them at the bottom . Nice buy !
 Timberland is a good product . I have a few pairs of shoes from Timberland . Theses boots do have a solid fit , as one customer stated , but the fit is very comfortable ! Gives a sold footing with walking in the unpredictable winter weather . Highly recommended . The price is extremely low for a Timberland product . This boot is a winner !
 MY HUSBAND WAS VERY PLEASED WITH THIS BOOT AND I WAS PLEASED WITH THE PRICE AND ALSO THAT THEY ACTUALLY FIT HIM . YEAH , , , HE IS HARD TO BUY SHOES FOR . SHIPPING WAS GOOD BUT HAD NO RETURN LABLE IN CASE THEY DID N'T FIT JUST SO YOU KNOW . HOWEVER , I WAS THRILLED THAT WE DID N'T NEED ONE . THANKS SO MUCH . . WE SAVED FIFTY DOLLARS ORDERING THESE FROM AMAZON .
 Greatest Most durable boots I 've ever purchased . I 'm actually very surprised with these for the price I paid . All comparable boots in local stores were easily twice the cost . I 'd highly reccommend these boots to someone who wanted something long lasting .
 I gave these a five star based on price and performance . I purchased these boots for about 50 % off at 50 dollars . They have served well in the snow - waterproof and warm . I probably would have liked the black color more if it was available . As a workboot , the only things lacking are a steel toe and an oil resistant sole . Overall a great shoe .
 My son was thrilled to find these Tims at this unbelievably low price . Amazon shipping was prompt as always , and the fit was perfect .
 I usually reserve myself to Doc Martens , but I was looking for a style change when I found these boots at an unreal price . They are lightweight and comfortable , and look very nice in solid black . The best thing about them is their durability . I am tough as hell on shoes in general , but these are very scuff resistant . I imagine these will still look good 6 months from now without any type of repair , but we 'll see .
 Never owned a pair of Tim 's before . Took them out for an all day hike and WOW ! Really resistant to water , comfortable , and are durable . look forward to owning these for a few years .
 Muy buen producto . Lo que esperaba.Lo recibi a tiempo . Ahora mi hija esta contenta.Lo que recibi fue lo mismo que vi en la PC .
 Excellent product and also delivered on time . I bought it for my son and he love it . The quality is very good and the color very vivid .
 My son loved his shoes mostly for the looks , but like most converse it 's not a very confortable shoe although he does n't mind wearing it
 I bought these for my 18 month old daughter . They are adorable with tights ! She loves having these on . I 'd say they run a little big , but I 'm fine with that . It 's sometimes nice to have sneakers to put on her that she ca n't take off !
 Love this shoe for my baby.Another one to add to his collection of Chucks .
 I bought the red high tops for my 8 yr old daughter . She loves them ! They are a quality product that she wears with everything .
 Shoes were purchased for my grandson . He loved them and thought they were cool .
 Chcuk Taylors were the shoe when I was a kid , and still are . Great price and awesome shipping time .
 i 've a 4 years old daugther that love the pink color , so when she saw the shoes , never want to wear anything else . I think that she feel very confortable with her new Converse All Star . She make me remind my chilhood , when i use to wear my own .
 Three year old `` LOVES '' these shoes . Wants to wear them to bed.Arrived on time in perfect condition and the price was excellent .
 I love love these shoes for my little toddler . They go with everything , and although they are slightly harder to put on being the higher tops ... worth it ! lol for me at least : -RRB-
 Producto excelente y buen estado entregado a tiempo y en condiciones &oacute;ptimas altamente recomendado el vendedor y con buena credibilidad
 I 'm very satisfied with this order ! Great shoes and got here in 2 days like it said they would . Would recommend to others !
 buen producto , enviado cuando se esperaba , con buena calidad y gran responsabilidad por parte del vendedor , recibido a tiempo en destino
 TENNIS CLASICAS PARA NI&N tilde ; OS O NI&N tilde ; AS , MUY BONITAS Y NO PASAN DE MODA , RECOMENDADAS ES UN MARCA MUY BONITA Y FAMOSA
 I SEND THEM TO MY GREAT NIECE IN LAS VEGAS AND SHE LOVES THEM , EVERYONE KNOWS THE QUALITY OF CONVERSE , I HAVE BEEN WEARING THEM SINCE I WAS A CHILD MYSELF .
 Excelente los tiempos de entrega , la ropa llego en buen estado . buenos vendedores , Excelente el producto los recomiendo para futuras compras
 I like the product very much . . The design and the quality is very good than expected . Size is perfect as per the chart mentioned
 They are nice shoes . I would buy them again . The quality and style is good . They have a nice selection of colors .
 I Bought this shoes for my baby and they are great ... good choice and good buyer
 Converse Boy & Girl Chuck Taylor Hi-TopGood customer service , fast shipping high quality product
 I 've been looking for a great looking shoe that my toddler ca n't take off . These are perfect . Since they 're high tops , I lace them up all the way , double knot them , and I do n't have to worry about him losing a shoe in the store . The only problem with Chuck Taylors are that they 're somewhat difficult to put on my son 's wide feet . I can tell that they 're fine and comfortable once I put them on him , but I have to spend a lot of time loosening up and re-tightening the laces . I did go a size larger than my son 's normal shoe size because his feet are kind of wide , and they fit perfectly . Really , you ca n't go wrong with Chucks .
 My 2 1/2 year old LOVES these shoes ! And I think they are too cute !! Shoes are true to size . Perfect fit !
 These are the greatest little shoes for toddlers . I think it 's awesome they came out with them . The seller was great !
 this shoes are the cutes thing ever , i buy this in black and they are perfect cuz it matches with all , and my baby are happy .
 I ordered these shoes for my six year old son . I always bought him all different kind of shoes . Nikes , Reeboks , Pumas etc. . Now He wont wear anything else he LOVES these shoes . I Have bought them in all different colors so he has them to match everything . They are made well and seem to take the wear and tear of my son . Thanks for a great product . They are true to size and fit him perfectly .
 Shoes were on sale for almost nothing and I purchased them as a dog toy , My Husky puppy loves it
 These shoes are way hip and since they 're hightops , my kid ca n't kick them off in the carseat ! I have n't heard any complaints about comfort from him either . They have held up through two sons and are a little faded from frequent washing , but look all the cooler for it .
 I bought this shoes for my daughter and they 're great . They fit really well and stay snug on her feet . Also , being high-tops they are hard for her to take off , which is awesome . They also seem very durable . I 'll be sure to buy bigger ones when she grows out of these ones .
 We are now a Chuck Taylor family ! Every one has a pair of these great sneakers and I highly recomend them to everyone ! Great quality , and the fact that they come in pink for my little princess is priceless !
 Beautiful quality shoes , perfect packaging . The size ran a little big but that is no big deal . Highly recommended .
 I buy my son black chucks every year . They are classic and cool and the price ca n't be beat . They run large so make sure you size down 1/2 size to a full size . They do not come in half sizes so my son who is a size 13 wears a 12 and they fit great .
 My son wanted these for basketball and it was hard finding them . Ordered them - got them in great time and he really enjoys wearing them .
 Bought these as a gift for my 6 year old great-niece . She was thrilled ! Great product , exactly as pictured . Thanks !
 these were purchased for my son . he said they are cool and nice . he like them . great puchase great shipping and ontime . thanks alot .
 Producto de muy buena calidad 100 % bueno Producto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % bueno
 My kid is in heaven with these new kicks ! He wears them with every outfit . They look great on him too . Thanks .
 The boots are comfortable and easy to wear . Are not heavy , which was the main reason I was looking to replace my other pair . The boots are durable and appropriate for the snowy winter in Boston . Water does not penetrate them at the bottom . Nice buy !
 Timberland is a good product . I have a few pairs of shoes from Timberland . Theses boots do have a solid fit , as one customer stated , but the fit is very comfortable ! Gives a sold footing with walking in the unpredictable winter weather . Highly recommended . The price is extremely low for a Timberland product . This boot is a winner !
 MY HUSBAND WAS VERY PLEASED WITH THIS BOOT AND I WAS PLEASED WITH THE PRICE AND ALSO THAT THEY ACTUALLY FIT HIM . YEAH , , , HE IS HARD TO BUY SHOES FOR . SHIPPING WAS GOOD BUT HAD NO RETURN LABLE IN CASE THEY DID N'T FIT JUST SO YOU KNOW . HOWEVER , I WAS THRILLED THAT WE DID N'T NEED ONE . THANKS SO MUCH . . WE SAVED FIFTY DOLLARS ORDERING THESE FROM AMAZON .
 Greatest Most durable boots I 've ever purchased . I 'm actually very surprised with these for the price I paid . All comparable boots in local stores were easily twice the cost . I 'd highly reccommend these boots to someone who wanted something long lasting .
 I gave these a five star based on price and performance . I purchased these boots for about 50 % off at 50 dollars . They have served well in the snow - waterproof and warm . I probably would have liked the black color more if it was available . As a workboot , the only things lacking are a steel toe and an oil resistant sole . Overall a great shoe .
 My son was thrilled to find these Tims at this unbelievably low price . Amazon shipping was prompt as always , and the fit was perfect .
 I usually reserve myself to Doc Martens , but I was looking for a style change when I found these boots at an unreal price . They are lightweight and comfortable , and look very nice in solid black . The best thing about them is their durability . I am tough as hell on shoes in general , but these are very scuff resistant . I imagine these will still look good 6 months from now without any type of repair , but we 'll see .
 Never owned a pair of Tim 's before . Took them out for an all day hike and WOW ! Really resistant to water , comfortable , and are durable . look forward to owning these for a few years .
 The boots are comfortable and easy to wear . Are not heavy , which was the main reason I was looking to replace my other pair . The boots are durable and appropriate for the snowy winter in Boston . Water does not penetrate them at the bottom . Nice buy !
 Timberland is a good product . I have a few pairs of shoes from Timberland . Theses boots do have a solid fit , as one customer stated , but the fit is very comfortable ! Gives a sold footing with walking in the unpredictable winter weather . Highly recommended . The price is extremely low for a Timberland product . This boot is a winner !
 MY HUSBAND WAS VERY PLEASED WITH THIS BOOT AND I WAS PLEASED WITH THE PRICE AND ALSO THAT THEY ACTUALLY FIT HIM . YEAH , , , HE IS HARD TO BUY SHOES FOR . SHIPPING WAS GOOD BUT HAD NO RETURN LABLE IN CASE THEY DID N'T FIT JUST SO YOU KNOW . HOWEVER , I WAS THRILLED THAT WE DID N'T NEED ONE . THANKS SO MUCH . . WE SAVED FIFTY DOLLARS ORDERING THESE FROM AMAZON .
 Greatest Most durable boots I 've ever purchased . I 'm actually very surprised with these for the price I paid . All comparable boots in local stores were easily twice the cost . I 'd highly reccommend these boots to someone who wanted something long lasting .
 I gave these a five star based on price and performance . I purchased these boots for about 50 % off at 50 dollars . They have served well in the snow - waterproof and warm . I probably would have liked the black color more if it was available . As a workboot , the only things lacking are a steel toe and an oil resistant sole . Overall a great shoe .
 My son was thrilled to find these Tims at this unbelievably low price . Amazon shipping was prompt as always , and the fit was perfect .
 I usually reserve myself to Doc Martens , but I was looking for a style change when I found these boots at an unreal price . They are lightweight and comfortable , and look very nice in solid black . The best thing about them is their durability . I am tough as hell on shoes in general , but these are very scuff resistant . I imagine these will still look good 6 months from now without any type of repair , but we 'll see .
 Never owned a pair of Tim 's before . Took them out for an all day hike and WOW ! Really resistant to water , comfortable , and are durable . look forward to owning these for a few years .
 The boots are comfortable and easy to wear . Are not heavy , which was the main reason I was looking to replace my other pair . The boots are durable and appropriate for the snowy winter in Boston . Water does not penetrate them at the bottom . Nice buy !
 Timberland is a good product . I have a few pairs of shoes from Timberland . Theses boots do have a solid fit , as one customer stated , but the fit is very comfortable ! Gives a sold footing with walking in the unpredictable winter weather . Highly recommended . The price is extremely low for a Timberland product . This boot is a winner !
 MY HUSBAND WAS VERY PLEASED WITH THIS BOOT AND I WAS PLEASED WITH THE PRICE AND ALSO THAT THEY ACTUALLY FIT HIM . YEAH , , , HE IS HARD TO BUY SHOES FOR . SHIPPING WAS GOOD BUT HAD NO RETURN LABLE IN CASE THEY DID N'T FIT JUST SO YOU KNOW . HOWEVER , I WAS THRILLED THAT WE DID N'T NEED ONE . THANKS SO MUCH . . WE SAVED FIFTY DOLLARS ORDERING THESE FROM AMAZON .
 Greatest Most durable boots I 've ever purchased . I 'm actually very surprised with these for the price I paid . All comparable boots in local stores were easily twice the cost . I 'd highly reccommend these boots to someone who wanted something long lasting .
 I gave these a five star based on price and performance . I purchased these boots for about 50 % off at 50 dollars . They have served well in the snow - waterproof and warm . I probably would have liked the black color more if it was available . As a workboot , the only things lacking are a steel toe and an oil resistant sole . Overall a great shoe .
 My son was thrilled to find these Tims at this unbelievably low price . Amazon shipping was prompt as always , and the fit was perfect .
 I usually reserve myself to Doc Martens , but I was looking for a style change when I found these boots at an unreal price . They are lightweight and comfortable , and look very nice in solid black . The best thing about them is their durability . I am tough as hell on shoes in general , but these are very scuff resistant . I imagine these will still look good 6 months from now without any type of repair , but we 'll see .
 Never owned a pair of Tim 's before . Took them out for an all day hike and WOW ! Really resistant to water , comfortable , and are durable . look forward to owning these for a few years .
 I bought these boots for my husband for Christmas . He says they are the best waterproof boots he has ever owned . Very comfortable .
 The boots are comfortable and easy to wear . Are not heavy , which was the main reason I was looking to replace my other pair . The boots are durable and appropriate for the snowy winter in Boston . Water does not penetrate them at the bottom . Nice buy !
 Timberland is a good product . I have a few pairs of shoes from Timberland . Theses boots do have a solid fit , as one customer stated , but the fit is very comfortable ! Gives a sold footing with walking in the unpredictable winter weather . Highly recommended . The price is extremely low for a Timberland product . This boot is a winner !
 MY HUSBAND WAS VERY PLEASED WITH THIS BOOT AND I WAS PLEASED WITH THE PRICE AND ALSO THAT THEY ACTUALLY FIT HIM . YEAH , , , HE IS HARD TO BUY SHOES FOR . SHIPPING WAS GOOD BUT HAD NO RETURN LABLE IN CASE THEY DID N'T FIT JUST SO YOU KNOW . HOWEVER , I WAS THRILLED THAT WE DID N'T NEED ONE . THANKS SO MUCH . . WE SAVED FIFTY DOLLARS ORDERING THESE FROM AMAZON .
 Greatest Most durable boots I 've ever purchased . I 'm actually very surprised with these for the price I paid . All comparable boots in local stores were easily twice the cost . I 'd highly reccommend these boots to someone who wanted something long lasting .
 I gave these a five star based on price and performance . I purchased these boots for about 50 % off at 50 dollars . They have served well in the snow - waterproof and warm . I probably would have liked the black color more if it was available . As a workboot , the only things lacking are a steel toe and an oil resistant sole . Overall a great shoe .
 My son was thrilled to find these Tims at this unbelievably low price . Amazon shipping was prompt as always , and the fit was perfect .
 I usually reserve myself to Doc Martens , but I was looking for a style change when I found these boots at an unreal price . They are lightweight and comfortable , and look very nice in solid black . The best thing about them is their durability . I am tough as hell on shoes in general , but these are very scuff resistant . I imagine these will still look good 6 months from now without any type of repair , but we 'll see .
 Never owned a pair of Tim 's before . Took them out for an all day hike and WOW ! Really resistant to water , comfortable , and are durable . look forward to owning these for a few years .
 I tried these boots on locally and ordered them here . I like the boots . My feet get cold so I like the 1000 grams of thinsulate . The soles are plenty hard and a little slick in my tree stand but that is not a big deal . These are definitely cold weather boots , not for hiking as much as they are for sitting on stand . They seem well build like all Danner 's so I think they will hold up . I would buy them again !
 The boots are comfortable and easy to wear . Are not heavy , which was the main reason I was looking to replace my other pair . The boots are durable and appropriate for the snowy winter in Boston . Water does not penetrate them at the bottom . Nice buy !
 Timberland is a good product . I have a few pairs of shoes from Timberland . Theses boots do have a solid fit , as one customer stated , but the fit is very comfortable ! Gives a sold footing with walking in the unpredictable winter weather . Highly recommended . The price is extremely low for a Timberland product . This boot is a winner !
 MY HUSBAND WAS VERY PLEASED WITH THIS BOOT AND I WAS PLEASED WITH THE PRICE AND ALSO THAT THEY ACTUALLY FIT HIM . YEAH , , , HE IS HARD TO BUY SHOES FOR . SHIPPING WAS GOOD BUT HAD NO RETURN LABLE IN CASE THEY DID N'T FIT JUST SO YOU KNOW . HOWEVER , I WAS THRILLED THAT WE DID N'T NEED ONE . THANKS SO MUCH . . WE SAVED FIFTY DOLLARS ORDERING THESE FROM AMAZON .
 Greatest Most durable boots I 've ever purchased . I 'm actually very surprised with these for the price I paid . All comparable boots in local stores were easily twice the cost . I 'd highly reccommend these boots to someone who wanted something long lasting .
 I gave these a five star based on price and performance . I purchased these boots for about 50 % off at 50 dollars . They have served well in the snow - waterproof and warm . I probably would have liked the black color more if it was available . As a workboot , the only things lacking are a steel toe and an oil resistant sole . Overall a great shoe .
 My son was thrilled to find these Tims at this unbelievably low price . Amazon shipping was prompt as always , and the fit was perfect .
 I usually reserve myself to Doc Martens , but I was looking for a style change when I found these boots at an unreal price . They are lightweight and comfortable , and look very nice in solid black . The best thing about them is their durability . I am tough as hell on shoes in general , but these are very scuff resistant . I imagine these will still look good 6 months from now without any type of repair , but we 'll see .
 Never owned a pair of Tim 's before . Took them out for an all day hike and WOW ! Really resistant to water , comfortable , and are durable . look forward to owning these for a few years .
 The boots are comfortable and easy to wear . Are not heavy , which was the main reason I was looking to replace my other pair . The boots are durable and appropriate for the snowy winter in Boston . Water does not penetrate them at the bottom . Nice buy !
 Timberland is a good product . I have a few pairs of shoes from Timberland . Theses boots do have a solid fit , as one customer stated , but the fit is very comfortable ! Gives a sold footing with walking in the unpredictable winter weather . Highly recommended . The price is extremely low for a Timberland product . This boot is a winner !
 MY HUSBAND WAS VERY PLEASED WITH THIS BOOT AND I WAS PLEASED WITH THE PRICE AND ALSO THAT THEY ACTUALLY FIT HIM . YEAH , , , HE IS HARD TO BUY SHOES FOR . SHIPPING WAS GOOD BUT HAD NO RETURN LABLE IN CASE THEY DID N'T FIT JUST SO YOU KNOW . HOWEVER , I WAS THRILLED THAT WE DID N'T NEED ONE . THANKS SO MUCH . . WE SAVED FIFTY DOLLARS ORDERING THESE FROM AMAZON .
 Greatest Most durable boots I 've ever purchased . I 'm actually very surprised with these for the price I paid . All comparable boots in local stores were easily twice the cost . I 'd highly reccommend these boots to someone who wanted something long lasting .
 I gave these a five star based on price and performance . I purchased these boots for about 50 % off at 50 dollars . They have served well in the snow - waterproof and warm . I probably would have liked the black color more if it was available . As a workboot , the only things lacking are a steel toe and an oil resistant sole . Overall a great shoe .
 My son was thrilled to find these Tims at this unbelievably low price . Amazon shipping was prompt as always , and the fit was perfect .
 I usually reserve myself to Doc Martens , but I was looking for a style change when I found these boots at an unreal price . They are lightweight and comfortable , and look very nice in solid black . The best thing about them is their durability . I am tough as hell on shoes in general , but these are very scuff resistant . I imagine these will still look good 6 months from now without any type of repair , but we 'll see .
 Never owned a pair of Tim 's before . Took them out for an all day hike and WOW ! Really resistant to water , comfortable , and are durable . look forward to owning these for a few years .
 These shoes are way hip and since they 're hightops , my kid ca n't kick them off in the carseat ! I have n't heard any complaints about comfort from him either . They have held up through two sons and are a little faded from frequent washing , but look all the cooler for it .
 I bought this shoes for my daughter and they 're great . They fit really well and stay snug on her feet . Also , being high-tops they are hard for her to take off , which is awesome . They also seem very durable . I 'll be sure to buy bigger ones when she grows out of these ones .
 We are now a Chuck Taylor family ! Every one has a pair of these great sneakers and I highly recomend them to everyone ! Great quality , and the fact that they come in pink for my little princess is priceless !
 Beautiful quality shoes , perfect packaging . The size ran a little big but that is no big deal . Highly recommended .
 I buy my son black chucks every year . They are classic and cool and the price ca n't be beat . They run large so make sure you size down 1/2 size to a full size . They do not come in half sizes so my son who is a size 13 wears a 12 and they fit great .
 My son wanted these for basketball and it was hard finding them . Ordered them - got them in great time and he really enjoys wearing them .
 Bought these as a gift for my 6 year old great-niece . She was thrilled ! Great product , exactly as pictured . Thanks !
 these were purchased for my son . he said they are cool and nice . he like them . great puchase great shipping and ontime . thanks alot .
 Producto de muy buena calidad 100 % bueno Producto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % bueno
 My kid is in heaven with these new kicks ! He wears them with every outfit . They look great on him too . Thanks .
 I Bought this shoes for my baby and they are great ... good choice and good buyer
 Converse Boy & Girl Chuck Taylor Hi-TopGood customer service , fast shipping high quality product
 I 've been looking for a great looking shoe that my toddler ca n't take off . These are perfect . Since they 're high tops , I lace them up all the way , double knot them , and I do n't have to worry about him losing a shoe in the store . The only problem with Chuck Taylors are that they 're somewhat difficult to put on my son 's wide feet . I can tell that they 're fine and comfortable once I put them on him , but I have to spend a lot of time loosening up and re-tightening the laces . I did go a size larger than my son 's normal shoe size because his feet are kind of wide , and they fit perfectly . Really , you ca n't go wrong with Chucks .
 My 2 1/2 year old LOVES these shoes ! And I think they are too cute !! Shoes are true to size . Perfect fit !
 These are the greatest little shoes for toddlers . I think it 's awesome they came out with them . The seller was great !
 this shoes are the cutes thing ever , i buy this in black and they are perfect cuz it matches with all , and my baby are happy .
 I ordered these shoes for my six year old son . I always bought him all different kind of shoes . Nikes , Reeboks , Pumas etc. . Now He wont wear anything else he LOVES these shoes . I Have bought them in all different colors so he has them to match everything . They are made well and seem to take the wear and tear of my son . Thanks for a great product . They are true to size and fit him perfectly .
 Shoes were on sale for almost nothing and I purchased them as a dog toy , My Husky puppy loves it
 I love love these shoes for my little toddler . They go with everything , and although they are slightly harder to put on being the higher tops ... worth it ! lol for me at least : -RRB-
 Producto excelente y buen estado entregado a tiempo y en condiciones &oacute;ptimas altamente recomendado el vendedor y con buena credibilidad
 I 'm very satisfied with this order ! Great shoes and got here in 2 days like it said they would . Would recommend to others !
 buen producto , enviado cuando se esperaba , con buena calidad y gran responsabilidad por parte del vendedor , recibido a tiempo en destino
 TENNIS CLASICAS PARA NI&N tilde ; OS O NI&N tilde ; AS , MUY BONITAS Y NO PASAN DE MODA , RECOMENDADAS ES UN MARCA MUY BONITA Y FAMOSA
 I SEND THEM TO MY GREAT NIECE IN LAS VEGAS AND SHE LOVES THEM , EVERYONE KNOWS THE QUALITY OF CONVERSE , I HAVE BEEN WEARING THEM SINCE I WAS A CHILD MYSELF .
 Excelente los tiempos de entrega , la ropa llego en buen estado . buenos vendedores , Excelente el producto los recomiendo para futuras compras
 I like the product very much . . The design and the quality is very good than expected . Size is perfect as per the chart mentioned
 They are nice shoes . I would buy them again . The quality and style is good . They have a nice selection of colors .
 Muy buen producto . Lo que esperaba.Lo recibi a tiempo . Ahora mi hija esta contenta.Lo que recibi fue lo mismo que vi en la PC .
 Excellent product and also delivered on time . I bought it for my son and he love it . The quality is very good and the color very vivid .
 My son loved his shoes mostly for the looks , but like most converse it 's not a very confortable shoe although he does n't mind wearing it
 I bought these for my 18 month old daughter . They are adorable with tights ! She loves having these on . I 'd say they run a little big , but I 'm fine with that . It 's sometimes nice to have sneakers to put on her that she ca n't take off !
 Love this shoe for my baby.Another one to add to his collection of Chucks .
 I bought the red high tops for my 8 yr old daughter . She loves them ! They are a quality product that she wears with everything .
 Shoes were purchased for my grandson . He loved them and thought they were cool .
 Chcuk Taylors were the shoe when I was a kid , and still are . Great price and awesome shipping time .
 i 've a 4 years old daugther that love the pink color , so when she saw the shoes , never want to wear anything else . I think that she feel very confortable with her new Converse All Star . She make me remind my chilhood , when i use to wear my own .
 Three year old `` LOVES '' these shoes . Wants to wear them to bed.Arrived on time in perfect condition and the price was excellent .
 I bought these boots for my husband for Christmas . He says they are the best waterproof boots he has ever owned . Very comfortable .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I bought these boots for my husband for Christmas . He says they are the best waterproof boots he has ever owned . Very comfortable .
 The boots are comfortable and easy to wear . Are not heavy , which was the main reason I was looking to replace my other pair . The boots are durable and appropriate for the snowy winter in Boston . Water does not penetrate them at the bottom . Nice buy !
 Timberland is a good product . I have a few pairs of shoes from Timberland . Theses boots do have a solid fit , as one customer stated , but the fit is very comfortable ! Gives a sold footing with walking in the unpredictable winter weather . Highly recommended . The price is extremely low for a Timberland product . This boot is a winner !
 MY HUSBAND WAS VERY PLEASED WITH THIS BOOT AND I WAS PLEASED WITH THE PRICE AND ALSO THAT THEY ACTUALLY FIT HIM . YEAH , , , HE IS HARD TO BUY SHOES FOR . SHIPPING WAS GOOD BUT HAD NO RETURN LABLE IN CASE THEY DID N'T FIT JUST SO YOU KNOW . HOWEVER , I WAS THRILLED THAT WE DID N'T NEED ONE . THANKS SO MUCH . . WE SAVED FIFTY DOLLARS ORDERING THESE FROM AMAZON .
 Greatest Most durable boots I 've ever purchased . I 'm actually very surprised with these for the price I paid . All comparable boots in local stores were easily twice the cost . I 'd highly reccommend these boots to someone who wanted something long lasting .
 I gave these a five star based on price and performance . I purchased these boots for about 50 % off at 50 dollars . They have served well in the snow - waterproof and warm . I probably would have liked the black color more if it was available . As a workboot , the only things lacking are a steel toe and an oil resistant sole . Overall a great shoe .
 My son was thrilled to find these Tims at this unbelievably low price . Amazon shipping was prompt as always , and the fit was perfect .
 I usually reserve myself to Doc Martens , but I was looking for a style change when I found these boots at an unreal price . They are lightweight and comfortable , and look very nice in solid black . The best thing about them is their durability . I am tough as hell on shoes in general , but these are very scuff resistant . I imagine these will still look good 6 months from now without any type of repair , but we 'll see .
 Never owned a pair of Tim 's before . Took them out for an all day hike and WOW ! Really resistant to water , comfortable , and are durable . look forward to owning these for a few years .
 These shoes are way hip and since they 're hightops , my kid ca n't kick them off in the carseat ! I have n't heard any complaints about comfort from him either . They have held up through two sons and are a little faded from frequent washing , but look all the cooler for it .
 Item arived on time and in perfect condition . My 9 year ols son loves converse and always has least one pair . They run a little big and i get them a 1/2 size smaller than what he usually wears .
 I bought this shoes for my daughter and they 're great . They fit really well and stay snug on her feet . Also , being high-tops they are hard for her to take off , which is awesome . They also seem very durable . I 'll be sure to buy bigger ones when she grows out of these ones .
 We are now a Chuck Taylor family ! Every one has a pair of these great sneakers and I highly recomend them to everyone ! Great quality , and the fact that they come in pink for my little princess is priceless !
 Beautiful quality shoes , perfect packaging . The size ran a little big but that is no big deal . Highly recommended .
 I buy my son black chucks every year . They are classic and cool and the price ca n't be beat . They run large so make sure you size down 1/2 size to a full size . They do not come in half sizes so my son who is a size 13 wears a 12 and they fit great .
 My son wanted these for basketball and it was hard finding them . Ordered them - got them in great time and he really enjoys wearing them .
 I loveee these shoes !! alot cheaper than in the store and fit perfect on my baby girls feet !! They are going to look great with her birthday outfit !! : -RRB-
 Bought these as a gift for my 6 year old great-niece . She was thrilled ! Great product , exactly as pictured . Thanks !
 these were purchased for my son . he said they are cool and nice . he like them . great puchase great shipping and ontime . thanks alot .
 I ordered these shoes for my six year old son . I always bought him all different kind of shoes . Nikes , Reeboks , Pumas etc. . Now He wont wear anything else he LOVES these shoes . I Have bought them in all different colors so he has them to match everything . They are made well and seem to take the wear and tear of my son . Thanks for a great product . They are true to size and fit him perfectly .
 Shoes were on sale for almost nothing and I purchased them as a dog toy , My Husky puppy loves it
 Shoes were purchased for my grandson . He loved them and thought they were cool .
 Chcuk Taylors were the shoe when I was a kid , and still are . Great price and awesome shipping time .
 i 've a 4 years old daugther that love the pink color , so when she saw the shoes , never want to wear anything else . I think that she feel very confortable with her new Converse All Star . She make me remind my chilhood , when i use to wear my own .
 Three year old `` LOVES '' these shoes . Wants to wear them to bed.Arrived on time in perfect condition and the price was excellent .
 I Bought this shoes for my baby and they are great ... good choice and good buyer
 Converse Boy & Girl Chuck Taylor Hi-TopGood customer service , fast shipping high quality product
 I 've been looking for a great looking shoe that my toddler ca n't take off . These are perfect . Since they 're high tops , I lace them up all the way , double knot them , and I do n't have to worry about him losing a shoe in the store . The only problem with Chuck Taylors are that they 're somewhat difficult to put on my son 's wide feet . I can tell that they 're fine and comfortable once I put them on him , but I have to spend a lot of time loosening up and re-tightening the laces . I did go a size larger than my son 's normal shoe size because his feet are kind of wide , and they fit perfectly . Really , you ca n't go wrong with Chucks .
 My 2 1/2 year old LOVES these shoes ! And I think they are too cute !! Shoes are true to size . Perfect fit !
 These are the greatest little shoes for toddlers . I think it 's awesome they came out with them . The seller was great !
 this shoes are the cutes thing ever , i buy this in black and they are perfect cuz it matches with all , and my baby are happy .
 Producto de muy buena calidad 100 % bueno Producto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % bueno
 My kid is in heaven with these new kicks ! He wears them with every outfit . They look great on him too . Thanks .
 I love love these shoes for my little toddler . They go with everything , and although they are slightly harder to put on being the higher tops ... worth it ! lol for me at least : -RRB-
 Producto excelente y buen estado entregado a tiempo y en condiciones &oacute;ptimas altamente recomendado el vendedor y con buena credibilidad
 I 'm very satisfied with this order ! Great shoes and got here in 2 days like it said they would . Would recommend to others !
 buen producto , enviado cuando se esperaba , con buena calidad y gran responsabilidad por parte del vendedor , recibido a tiempo en destino
 TENNIS CLASICAS PARA NI&N tilde ; OS O NI&N tilde ; AS , MUY BONITAS Y NO PASAN DE MODA , RECOMENDADAS ES UN MARCA MUY BONITA Y FAMOSA
 I SEND THEM TO MY GREAT NIECE IN LAS VEGAS AND SHE LOVES THEM , EVERYONE KNOWS THE QUALITY OF CONVERSE , I HAVE BEEN WEARING THEM SINCE I WAS A CHILD MYSELF .
 Excelente los tiempos de entrega , la ropa llego en buen estado . buenos vendedores , Excelente el producto los recomiendo para futuras compras
 My 4 yr old son needed black shoes for a play he was in . I did n't want to buy dress shoes as he would not get any additional wear out of them . I opted for these black Converse . They were adorable , they fit him well - he is about a size 11 little kids but I ordered the 12 and they are fine with a bit of growing room . He calls them his &#34; Chucks &#34; and thinks he 's cool when he wears them ... well , he is pretty cool - he has worn them several times since the play so overall , it was a good purchase .
 I like the product very much . . The design and the quality is very good than expected . Size is perfect as per the chart mentioned
 They are nice shoes . I would buy them again . The quality and style is good . They have a nice selection of colors .
 Muy buen producto . Lo que esperaba.Lo recibi a tiempo . Ahora mi hija esta contenta.Lo que recibi fue lo mismo que vi en la PC .
 Excellent product and also delivered on time . I bought it for my son and he love it . The quality is very good and the color very vivid .
 My son loved his shoes mostly for the looks , but like most converse it 's not a very confortable shoe although he does n't mind wearing it
 He got a knock-off pair from Walmart last year . They were probably very similar quality and comfort to Converse but I decided since he wore them all the time , he needed a real pair when he moved up a size . I measured his foot and got the perfect size ! He could n't be happier .
 I bought these for my 18 month old daughter . They are adorable with tights ! She loves having these on . I 'd say they run a little big , but I 'm fine with that . It 's sometimes nice to have sneakers to put on her that she ca n't take off !
 Love this shoe for my baby.Another one to add to his collection of Chucks .
 I bought the red high tops for my 8 yr old daughter . She loves them ! They are a quality product that she wears with everything .
 I have never purchased shoes before from an internet site and was worriedwhether something very personal like shoes could be purchased confidentlywith no regrets . The sizing chart for selecting shoe size was not onlyno help but caused me to purchase a shoe that was 1/2 a size too large.My recommendation to anyone purchasing this brand of shoe was to usedtheir current shoe size as a start.For the shoes themselves , I was pleasently surprised by the quality andmaterial used even though they were made in China . I wore out myprevious shoes usually within 12-14 months of normal walking to and fromschool and some work in the garden . I wanted something better than the $ 50 - $ 75 dollar shoes that you buy in the local department stores andhearing good things about the Red Wing products , I went to their localoutlet and viewed their product . I went away impressed BUT did n't wantto start out by buying a $ 125 - $ 175 pair of shoes and finding out that itwas a poor choice . Then I found these were on sale and had a limitedwarrenty of 6-months -LRB- American made shoes have a 1 year warrenty -RRB- andtook the gamble.After 3 months , the boots are still going strong and broken in after 2days of wearing . They are heavy because of the steel toe caps and soleplates but I have got used to them . The rope-like laces are stiff andrequire double knotting to keep them from loosening . The only thingthat kept the product from having a 5-star rating was the fact that oneof the lacing loops tore loose from the shoe upper after only 2 days .
 I tried these boots on locally and ordered them here . I like the boots . My feet get cold so I like the 1000 grams of thinsulate . The soles are plenty hard and a little slick in my tree stand but that is not a big deal . These are definitely cold weather boots , not for hiking as much as they are for sitting on stand . They seem well build like all Danner 's so I think they will hold up . I would buy them again !
 The boots are comfortable and easy to wear . Are not heavy , which was the main reason I was looking to replace my other pair . The boots are durable and appropriate for the snowy winter in Boston . Water does not penetrate them at the bottom . Nice buy !
 Timberland is a good product . I have a few pairs of shoes from Timberland . Theses boots do have a solid fit , as one customer stated , but the fit is very comfortable ! Gives a sold footing with walking in the unpredictable winter weather . Highly recommended . The price is extremely low for a Timberland product . This boot is a winner !
 MY HUSBAND WAS VERY PLEASED WITH THIS BOOT AND I WAS PLEASED WITH THE PRICE AND ALSO THAT THEY ACTUALLY FIT HIM . YEAH , , , HE IS HARD TO BUY SHOES FOR . SHIPPING WAS GOOD BUT HAD NO RETURN LABLE IN CASE THEY DID N'T FIT JUST SO YOU KNOW . HOWEVER , I WAS THRILLED THAT WE DID N'T NEED ONE . THANKS SO MUCH . . WE SAVED FIFTY DOLLARS ORDERING THESE FROM AMAZON .
 Greatest Most durable boots I 've ever purchased . I 'm actually very surprised with these for the price I paid . All comparable boots in local stores were easily twice the cost . I 'd highly reccommend these boots to someone who wanted something long lasting .
 I gave these a five star based on price and performance . I purchased these boots for about 50 % off at 50 dollars . They have served well in the snow - waterproof and warm . I probably would have liked the black color more if it was available . As a workboot , the only things lacking are a steel toe and an oil resistant sole . Overall a great shoe .
 My son was thrilled to find these Tims at this unbelievably low price . Amazon shipping was prompt as always , and the fit was perfect .
 I usually reserve myself to Doc Martens , but I was looking for a style change when I found these boots at an unreal price . They are lightweight and comfortable , and look very nice in solid black . The best thing about them is their durability . I am tough as hell on shoes in general , but these are very scuff resistant . I imagine these will still look good 6 months from now without any type of repair , but we 'll see .
 Never owned a pair of Tim 's before . Took them out for an all day hike and WOW ! Really resistant to water , comfortable , and are durable . look forward to owning these for a few years .
 The boots are comfortable and easy to wear . Are not heavy , which was the main reason I was looking to replace my other pair . The boots are durable and appropriate for the snowy winter in Boston . Water does not penetrate them at the bottom . Nice buy !
 Timberland is a good product . I have a few pairs of shoes from Timberland . Theses boots do have a solid fit , as one customer stated , but the fit is very comfortable ! Gives a sold footing with walking in the unpredictable winter weather . Highly recommended . The price is extremely low for a Timberland product . This boot is a winner !
 MY HUSBAND WAS VERY PLEASED WITH THIS BOOT AND I WAS PLEASED WITH THE PRICE AND ALSO THAT THEY ACTUALLY FIT HIM . YEAH , , , HE IS HARD TO BUY SHOES FOR . SHIPPING WAS GOOD BUT HAD NO RETURN LABLE IN CASE THEY DID N'T FIT JUST SO YOU KNOW . HOWEVER , I WAS THRILLED THAT WE DID N'T NEED ONE . THANKS SO MUCH . . WE SAVED FIFTY DOLLARS ORDERING THESE FROM AMAZON .
 Greatest Most durable boots I 've ever purchased . I 'm actually very surprised with these for the price I paid . All comparable boots in local stores were easily twice the cost . I 'd highly reccommend these boots to someone who wanted something long lasting .
 I gave these a five star based on price and performance . I purchased these boots for about 50 % off at 50 dollars . They have served well in the snow - waterproof and warm . I probably would have liked the black color more if it was available . As a workboot , the only things lacking are a steel toe and an oil resistant sole . Overall a great shoe .
 My son was thrilled to find these Tims at this unbelievably low price . Amazon shipping was prompt as always , and the fit was perfect .
 I usually reserve myself to Doc Martens , but I was looking for a style change when I found these boots at an unreal price . They are lightweight and comfortable , and look very nice in solid black . The best thing about them is their durability . I am tough as hell on shoes in general , but these are very scuff resistant . I imagine these will still look good 6 months from now without any type of repair , but we 'll see .
 Never owned a pair of Tim 's before . Took them out for an all day hike and WOW ! Really resistant to water , comfortable , and are durable . look forward to owning these for a few years .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 These are the most comfortable sandals I 've ever worn . They have great arch support and heel cushion with or without the heat molding . They are wonderful if you have plantar fasciitis/heel spurs .
 These are hands down , the best flip flops ever ! My mom bought a pair for her plantars fasciitis and she has been feeling better than ever ! I walked all over Mall of America in these and had no problems during or afterward . My feet did n't even hurt ! I also like the fact that you can wear them in the shower and they wo n't deteriorate . Works great for showering at the gym or after a swim !
 I have 2 pairs of these as I had a bout of plantar fasciitis and high arches - they were a godsend . Even if you do n't have pf , sandals like these with good support will help ensure you do n't get this painful condition . They are very sturdy , have worn well , and not too clunky looking . You warm them up a bit in the oven then slip them on to mold to your feet . Worth the price .
 These are miles better than any other sandals . I walked around Disney World for a week in these , and felt refreshed at night . I noticed people in other sandals and they were not doing so good . How are your running and hiking shoes?You ca n't go wrong with these .
 I ordered Montrail 's Molokini in a size 9 -LRB- I wear a size 9/12-10 in most shoes -RRB- . I did this based on the reviews and the length is perfect . The footbed material is soft and has a lot of give , but not TOO much give , so very comfortable . The piece between the toes is hardly noticeable , so again very comfortable . I 'm deducting one star only because I was expecting a lot of arch support based on the previous reviews I 'd read , and though there certainly is more than what most flat flip flops have , there was n't as much as I expected . I loved the idea of baking in the oven for 3 minutes to heat the material for a more custom fit , but I really did n't notice a difference once I did that . This is a nice knock around sandal , and very comfortable ... but for those who need a lot of firm arch support , they 're really not made for that . I did find them to be really wide , so perhaps that 's why I 'm not feeling that arch support others have mentioned .
 This is my second pr . of these flipflops . LOVE . . LOVE them ... supportive and well made . I first ord . er my usual size ... 8 found to have 1 1/2 extra at the end of my toes . By the way I have short sausage toes so this was not uncommon . The second pair I ordered the 7 ... and they fit . Heel cup fits great and there is only about 1/2 inch of toe space . Now that I understand the sizing I 'll be ordering more . Best flipflop for support ... fair on looks ... but love the support .
 I give these 4.5 stars . I would n't give them a full 5 only because of how thick they are , so they are n't the type of look I want to wear all the time . Other than that , they are super super comfortable ! I bought them in the green and it is a pretty color . These shoes feel like I am walking on clouds ! They never hurt my feet and do not take time to get used to them . I love wearing them when I walk my dogs or if I will be on my feet for a long time . They are pricey , but worth it ! A great buy !
 I bought two pairs of this brand of flip flops , men 's and womens . Personally , I have wide feet and the men 's work best for my feet . Ironically , my husband prefers the women 's Molokini sandals here . The moldable flip flop is by far the best concept for people with feet problems . Pop 'em in the oven , stand in them , walk around and soon they are the perfect mold to your feet ! So bottom line ... my huband wears the women 's and I wear the mens Montrail and we love them . Highly recommended !
 Muy buen producto . Lo que esperaba.Lo recibi a tiempo . Ahora mi hija esta contenta.Lo que recibi fue lo mismo que vi en la PC .
 Excellent product and also delivered on time . I bought it for my son and he love it . The quality is very good and the color very vivid .
 My son loved his shoes mostly for the looks , but like most converse it 's not a very confortable shoe although he does n't mind wearing it
 I bought these for my 18 month old daughter . They are adorable with tights ! She loves having these on . I 'd say they run a little big , but I 'm fine with that . It 's sometimes nice to have sneakers to put on her that she ca n't take off !
 Love this shoe for my baby.Another one to add to his collection of Chucks .
 I bought the red high tops for my 8 yr old daughter . She loves them ! They are a quality product that she wears with everything .
 Shoes were purchased for my grandson . He loved them and thought they were cool .
 Chcuk Taylors were the shoe when I was a kid , and still are . Great price and awesome shipping time .
 i 've a 4 years old daugther that love the pink color , so when she saw the shoes , never want to wear anything else . I think that she feel very confortable with her new Converse All Star . She make me remind my chilhood , when i use to wear my own .
 Three year old `` LOVES '' these shoes . Wants to wear them to bed.Arrived on time in perfect condition and the price was excellent .
 I love love these shoes for my little toddler . They go with everything , and although they are slightly harder to put on being the higher tops ... worth it ! lol for me at least : -RRB-
 Producto excelente y buen estado entregado a tiempo y en condiciones &oacute;ptimas altamente recomendado el vendedor y con buena credibilidad
 I 'm very satisfied with this order ! Great shoes and got here in 2 days like it said they would . Would recommend to others !
 buen producto , enviado cuando se esperaba , con buena calidad y gran responsabilidad por parte del vendedor , recibido a tiempo en destino
 TENNIS CLASICAS PARA NI&N tilde ; OS O NI&N tilde ; AS , MUY BONITAS Y NO PASAN DE MODA , RECOMENDADAS ES UN MARCA MUY BONITA Y FAMOSA
 I SEND THEM TO MY GREAT NIECE IN LAS VEGAS AND SHE LOVES THEM , EVERYONE KNOWS THE QUALITY OF CONVERSE , I HAVE BEEN WEARING THEM SINCE I WAS A CHILD MYSELF .
 Excelente los tiempos de entrega , la ropa llego en buen estado . buenos vendedores , Excelente el producto los recomiendo para futuras compras
 I like the product very much . . The design and the quality is very good than expected . Size is perfect as per the chart mentioned
 They are nice shoes . I would buy them again . The quality and style is good . They have a nice selection of colors .
 I Bought this shoes for my baby and they are great ... good choice and good buyer
 Converse Boy & Girl Chuck Taylor Hi-TopGood customer service , fast shipping high quality product
 I 've been looking for a great looking shoe that my toddler ca n't take off . These are perfect . Since they 're high tops , I lace them up all the way , double knot them , and I do n't have to worry about him losing a shoe in the store . The only problem with Chuck Taylors are that they 're somewhat difficult to put on my son 's wide feet . I can tell that they 're fine and comfortable once I put them on him , but I have to spend a lot of time loosening up and re-tightening the laces . I did go a size larger than my son 's normal shoe size because his feet are kind of wide , and they fit perfectly . Really , you ca n't go wrong with Chucks .
 My 2 1/2 year old LOVES these shoes ! And I think they are too cute !! Shoes are true to size . Perfect fit !
 These are the greatest little shoes for toddlers . I think it 's awesome they came out with them . The seller was great !
 this shoes are the cutes thing ever , i buy this in black and they are perfect cuz it matches with all , and my baby are happy .
 I ordered these shoes for my six year old son . I always bought him all different kind of shoes . Nikes , Reeboks , Pumas etc. . Now He wont wear anything else he LOVES these shoes . I Have bought them in all different colors so he has them to match everything . They are made well and seem to take the wear and tear of my son . Thanks for a great product . They are true to size and fit him perfectly .
 Shoes were on sale for almost nothing and I purchased them as a dog toy , My Husky puppy loves it
 These shoes are way hip and since they 're hightops , my kid ca n't kick them off in the carseat ! I have n't heard any complaints about comfort from him either . They have held up through two sons and are a little faded from frequent washing , but look all the cooler for it .
 I bought this shoes for my daughter and they 're great . They fit really well and stay snug on her feet . Also , being high-tops they are hard for her to take off , which is awesome . They also seem very durable . I 'll be sure to buy bigger ones when she grows out of these ones .
 We are now a Chuck Taylor family ! Every one has a pair of these great sneakers and I highly recomend them to everyone ! Great quality , and the fact that they come in pink for my little princess is priceless !
 Beautiful quality shoes , perfect packaging . The size ran a little big but that is no big deal . Highly recommended .
 I buy my son black chucks every year . They are classic and cool and the price ca n't be beat . They run large so make sure you size down 1/2 size to a full size . They do not come in half sizes so my son who is a size 13 wears a 12 and they fit great .
 My son wanted these for basketball and it was hard finding them . Ordered them - got them in great time and he really enjoys wearing them .
 Bought these as a gift for my 6 year old great-niece . She was thrilled ! Great product , exactly as pictured . Thanks !
 these were purchased for my son . he said they are cool and nice . he like them . great puchase great shipping and ontime . thanks alot .
 Producto de muy buena calidad 100 % bueno Producto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % bueno
 My kid is in heaven with these new kicks ! He wears them with every outfit . They look great on him too . Thanks .
 The boots are comfortable and easy to wear . Are not heavy , which was the main reason I was looking to replace my other pair . The boots are durable and appropriate for the snowy winter in Boston . Water does not penetrate them at the bottom . Nice buy !
 Timberland is a good product . I have a few pairs of shoes from Timberland . Theses boots do have a solid fit , as one customer stated , but the fit is very comfortable ! Gives a sold footing with walking in the unpredictable winter weather . Highly recommended . The price is extremely low for a Timberland product . This boot is a winner !
 MY HUSBAND WAS VERY PLEASED WITH THIS BOOT AND I WAS PLEASED WITH THE PRICE AND ALSO THAT THEY ACTUALLY FIT HIM . YEAH , , , HE IS HARD TO BUY SHOES FOR . SHIPPING WAS GOOD BUT HAD NO RETURN LABLE IN CASE THEY DID N'T FIT JUST SO YOU KNOW . HOWEVER , I WAS THRILLED THAT WE DID N'T NEED ONE . THANKS SO MUCH . . WE SAVED FIFTY DOLLARS ORDERING THESE FROM AMAZON .
 Greatest Most durable boots I 've ever purchased . I 'm actually very surprised with these for the price I paid . All comparable boots in local stores were easily twice the cost . I 'd highly reccommend these boots to someone who wanted something long lasting .
 I gave these a five star based on price and performance . I purchased these boots for about 50 % off at 50 dollars . They have served well in the snow - waterproof and warm . I probably would have liked the black color more if it was available . As a workboot , the only things lacking are a steel toe and an oil resistant sole . Overall a great shoe .
 My son was thrilled to find these Tims at this unbelievably low price . Amazon shipping was prompt as always , and the fit was perfect .
 I usually reserve myself to Doc Martens , but I was looking for a style change when I found these boots at an unreal price . They are lightweight and comfortable , and look very nice in solid black . The best thing about them is their durability . I am tough as hell on shoes in general , but these are very scuff resistant . I imagine these will still look good 6 months from now without any type of repair , but we 'll see .
 Never owned a pair of Tim 's before . Took them out for an all day hike and WOW ! Really resistant to water , comfortable , and are durable . look forward to owning these for a few years .
 I tried these boots on locally and ordered them here . I like the boots . My feet get cold so I like the 1000 grams of thinsulate . The soles are plenty hard and a little slick in my tree stand but that is not a big deal . These are definitely cold weather boots , not for hiking as much as they are for sitting on stand . They seem well build like all Danner 's so I think they will hold up . I would buy them again !
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 The Shudoh Cellerator is a great shoe . It comes with two puma cell inserts , one for added comfort , one for added stability . These insoles slip right under the normal insole . They are great but the only problem is that the insoles make the boot tighter , so i would advise anyone who is buying these to buy a half size larger . They forgot to balance the sizing back out with the cells , but it is made up for in the rest of the shoe .
 The Puma Cellerator Shudoh is an awsome cleat . Its extremely light weight and has an amazing amount of support . The only thing I do not like about the Shudoh is the stud configuration on the heal of the shoe . There is too much of a flat surface and I have a really hard time getting them the grip the ground . Other than that they are great !
 love these boots . the tread design is well placed , and very functional . the heel doesnt rub my ankle wrong . i like the material as it allows for a good touch .
 I expected quality boots at this price and from a company thats famous for boots but this purchase was disappointment . The steel toe very uncomfortable to walk . Look somewhere else or in pay-less shoe store .
 The Shudoh Cellerator is a great shoe . It comes with two puma cell inserts , one for added comfort , one for added stability . These insoles slip right under the normal insole . They are great but the only problem is that the insoles make the boot tighter , so i would advise anyone who is buying these to buy a half size larger . They forgot to balance the sizing back out with the cells , but it is made up for in the rest of the shoe .
 The Puma Cellerator Shudoh is an awsome cleat . Its extremely light weight and has an amazing amount of support . The only thing I do not like about the Shudoh is the stud configuration on the heal of the shoe . There is too much of a flat surface and I have a really hard time getting them the grip the ground . Other than that they are great !
 love these boots . the tread design is well placed , and very functional . the heel doesnt rub my ankle wrong . i like the material as it allows for a good touch .
 I was soooo tickled pink with my pink Nellie Chukka boots . I saw them on the web page and I had to have them . Pink is my favorite color . They are extremely well made . They did n't need breaking in either . That is a major plus . They fit perfectly . Also they arrived in record time except it was like waiting for Christmas . I love them so much it is all I can do not to wear them to bed . :--RRB- I want several more pairs . I am waiting for them to be available in red leather .
 I recently bought 2 pairs of Nellie Chukka Timerlands in colour Wheat.I received 2 pairs of nellie Chukka Timerlands in colour Wheat White.when requesting the colour on the order form , you have 2 options for wheat . The option for Wheat White is not separate from regular wheat.I am now stuck with 2 pairs of the wrong colour . I live in Ireland and therefore would be very expensive for me to send them back to you.I am very dissapointed with my purchases . Unless you can rectify the situation for me I will not be recommending your service to family and friends.Thanking youRachel Costello
 I have never purchased shoes before from an internet site and was worriedwhether something very personal like shoes could be purchased confidentlywith no regrets . The sizing chart for selecting shoe size was not onlyno help but caused me to purchase a shoe that was 1/2 a size too large.My recommendation to anyone purchasing this brand of shoe was to usedtheir current shoe size as a start.For the shoes themselves , I was pleasently surprised by the quality andmaterial used even though they were made in China . I wore out myprevious shoes usually within 12-14 months of normal walking to and fromschool and some work in the garden . I wanted something better than the $ 50 - $ 75 dollar shoes that you buy in the local department stores andhearing good things about the Red Wing products , I went to their localoutlet and viewed their product . I went away impressed BUT did n't wantto start out by buying a $ 125 - $ 175 pair of shoes and finding out that itwas a poor choice . Then I found these were on sale and had a limitedwarrenty of 6-months -LRB- American made shoes have a 1 year warrenty -RRB- andtook the gamble.After 3 months , the boots are still going strong and broken in after 2days of wearing . They are heavy because of the steel toe caps and soleplates but I have got used to them . The rope-like laces are stiff andrequire double knotting to keep them from loosening . The only thingthat kept the product from having a 5-star rating was the fact that oneof the lacing loops tore loose from the shoe upper after only 2 days .
 First off , I 'm not really a kid , but I do n't want to sign up for an acount . Know that . I bought a pair a couple months ago . They obviously get kudos in the cool facter right off the bat . Then I put them to the real test . On the court . They are super comfortable and are still holding up great . They also breathe very well.This brings me to the only problems . Soon after I bought a pair , my friend did too . He plays in them not only on the hard-court , but on the black top when he 's practicing also . Therefore he uses them A LOT . A few days ago one of the air pumps in the sole sprung a leak and his right shoes rim no longer spins . I 've only heard of this happening to a couple people , but if you abuse your shows as much as my friend does , you might want to look else where . Also the sound of the pump is audible . Not terribly noticable , expecialy on the court.All in all , this is a great shoe and really encourage you buying it . Whether you want it for hoops or for style , it 's sick no matter what .
 I just re-purchase that shoes , around yr ago , i bought the white color speers , when I found out is discount item , I re-purchase another pair -LRB- Black/gold -RRB- . That is a comfortable , cool shoes.Just for your information , I am working in HK . It 's very different to find DaDa basketball shoes here . I need to purchase online and ship to HK . -LRB- Takes 14 days -RRB- . So you guys in North American are so lucky.I am highly recommended for those sourcing a high-quality & inexpensive basketball player . That is 100 % good choice . -LRB- Try it ... Very Good Deal -RRB- Excuse me ! Am I too hard-sale that DaDa basketball shoes ?
 This shoe is off da chain i bought this shoe when it came out . I gots the blue and white ones and they comfterable as hell they gots a spring in the sole so dat the wheel spins the only bad thing is that when you walk you hear the air from the spring but overall this shoe is off da hizzle .
 This shoes look sleek no doubt about that . Ive been trying to get my hands on them for a while now but i ca n't seem to find them anywhere . Can anyone tell me where to buy a beautfiul shoe like this ?
 I got 4 letters 4 you P-I-M-P
 I ummm actually have n't worn these shoes yet but . They get props from me just cause they look good . And they is original . so poo poo to you .
 The Shudoh Cellerator is a great shoe . It comes with two puma cell inserts , one for added comfort , one for added stability . These insoles slip right under the normal insole . They are great but the only problem is that the insoles make the boot tighter , so i would advise anyone who is buying these to buy a half size larger . They forgot to balance the sizing back out with the cells , but it is made up for in the rest of the shoe .
 The Puma Cellerator Shudoh is an awsome cleat . Its extremely light weight and has an amazing amount of support . The only thing I do not like about the Shudoh is the stud configuration on the heal of the shoe . There is too much of a flat surface and I have a really hard time getting them the grip the ground . Other than that they are great !
 love these boots . the tread design is well placed , and very functional . the heel doesnt rub my ankle wrong . i like the material as it allows for a good touch .
 The Shudoh Cellerator is a great shoe . It comes with two puma cell inserts , one for added comfort , one for added stability . These insoles slip right under the normal insole . They are great but the only problem is that the insoles make the boot tighter , so i would advise anyone who is buying these to buy a half size larger . They forgot to balance the sizing back out with the cells , but it is made up for in the rest of the shoe .
 The Puma Cellerator Shudoh is an awsome cleat . Its extremely light weight and has an amazing amount of support . The only thing I do not like about the Shudoh is the stud configuration on the heal of the shoe . There is too much of a flat surface and I have a really hard time getting them the grip the ground . Other than that they are great !
 love these boots . the tread design is well placed , and very functional . the heel doesnt rub my ankle wrong . i like the material as it allows for a good touch .
 I 've been ordering this shoe for the last 4 years . I walk everywhere , so I cause a lot of undue wear and tear . I keep getting these , because I love the look , and they are very comfortable . I can wear them just about anywhere and not feel too dressy , or under-dressed .
 I did n't originally come here to review these shoes , I came to purchase my 3rd pair so that should tell you something right there . These have to be the most comfortable dress shoes I 've ever worn . Not the most stylish and the leather is kind of dull looking without a polishing but they are perfect for the business casual office.Now for the bad , the part where the sole and the shoe connect on the side collects alot of dirt and dust and is hard to get to so you can just wipe them clean , you 'll need lots of water and some kind of brush . And also after about a year of wear the leather has started to crack on the side of one of my shoes . In all fairness though my office building has had construction going on in the adjacent lot for about a year so that probably attributed to alot of the dust collecting and also I have n't put any type of leather conditioner on the shoes since I had them , that may have prevented the cracking leather.But even with that , these shoes are so comfortable I came to buy another pair . Too bad that do n't have my size listed anymore .
 I purchased a pair and have been using it everyday from the past six months . The shoes are very comfortable and look very professional . Love them.Strong and tough.Not to heavy . Has good grip on snow .
 Excellent shoes ! The package arrived early and the shoes were ready to wear straight out of the box ! Highly recommended !
 This is the 3rd pair of these shoes i bought . I wear them about 5 days aweek and they last for about a year and a half before they start to wear down .
 I 've had a dickens of a time finding these lately . I 've worn this style for over 5 years and love them . Delivery was prompt and the price was right .
 Very strong shoes . Inside cushioning plush and confortable . Very elegant look . Ideal for the man that does not want to give up confort for style because it is both confortable and classy .
 these pair of dressy shoes are there to get you the best comfort during work and walking in and out the work spaces ! , in the begging i thought they are a bit heavy this of course it will lead to dis comfort later on . . ! , but after the first wear to work and to let you now i do walk a lot around my office , it pretty comfy pair and most important no laces .
 I have a pair of expensive Italian Valleverde black leather shoes I used to wear to clubs and to work . But after someone spilled a vodka-sticky f ` ing mess-redbull on them , I got these . They look good , cost only $ 50 , and wipe clean .
 The delivery was sucessfully !!! My new pair of skecher 's are so comfortable . It was just i needed.Gracias amazon
 Purchased for a gift . Sharp-looking shoe though . I suspect they could be worn as a dress shoe or with jeans for a night out .
 I expected quality boots at this price and from a company thats famous for boots but this purchase was disappointment . The steel toe very uncomfortable to walk . Look somewhere else or in pay-less shoe store .
 I tried these boots on locally and ordered them here . I like the boots . My feet get cold so I like the 1000 grams of thinsulate . The soles are plenty hard and a little slick in my tree stand but that is not a big deal . These are definitely cold weather boots , not for hiking as much as they are for sitting on stand . They seem well build like all Danner 's so I think they will hold up . I would buy them again !
 I was soooo tickled pink with my pink Nellie Chukka boots . I saw them on the web page and I had to have them . Pink is my favorite color . They are extremely well made . They did n't need breaking in either . That is a major plus . They fit perfectly . Also they arrived in record time except it was like waiting for Christmas . I love them so much it is all I can do not to wear them to bed . :--RRB- I want several more pairs . I am waiting for them to be available in red leather .
 I recently bought 2 pairs of Nellie Chukka Timerlands in colour Wheat.I received 2 pairs of nellie Chukka Timerlands in colour Wheat White.when requesting the colour on the order form , you have 2 options for wheat . The option for Wheat White is not separate from regular wheat.I am now stuck with 2 pairs of the wrong colour . I live in Ireland and therefore would be very expensive for me to send them back to you.I am very dissapointed with my purchases . Unless you can rectify the situation for me I will not be recommending your service to family and friends.Thanking youRachel Costello
 I tried these boots on locally and ordered them here . I like the boots . My feet get cold so I like the 1000 grams of thinsulate . The soles are plenty hard and a little slick in my tree stand but that is not a big deal . These are definitely cold weather boots , not for hiking as much as they are for sitting on stand . They seem well build like all Danner 's so I think they will hold up . I would buy them again !
 Great experience buying these shoes for my boyfriend ... he loved them and they arrived extremely fast . Thanks will do business again .
 Delivery was fast and much appreciated . The boots were n't perfectly new looking . Some scuffs on the left boot and some black marks on the sole of the right boot which wo n't be noticeable to the average eye but I 've been buying these boots for years .
 Great boot and very much like the Red Wing that has been discontinued . Comfortable and very happy with the product .
 These boots were scheduled to come in 3-5 business days but actually came about 2 weeks later , not sure what the delay was about ... but anyway I was gon na give these 5 stars but the boots had a few minor scuffs on them like they been worn a couple times . Another issue I had is the boots came with no receipt or nothing , just boots and a box .
 Living in Buffalo &#60; NY the boots are doing just what I need them to do &#60; keep my feet warm and dry . Perfect as long as the snow on the ground is not too deep !!!
 These are my favorite boots !!! They are what they are , good quality and reliability The seller got them to me in record time . I 'm super happy over all .
 The boots are great , but found them for less money at the mall after I received them in the mail .
 I 've had these for over three years , basically for winter time and when shoveling snow , it takes some time o break them in , but once you do it 's comfortable . As for cleaning any boot cleaner will do , in order to remove salt and dirt . I also purchase replacement boot laces because I do not like the ones they come with , usually you can find the laces at your local sporting goods store for like two dollars .
 I was soooo tickled pink with my pink Nellie Chukka boots . I saw them on the web page and I had to have them . Pink is my favorite color . They are extremely well made . They did n't need breaking in either . That is a major plus . They fit perfectly . Also they arrived in record time except it was like waiting for Christmas . I love them so much it is all I can do not to wear them to bed . :--RRB- I want several more pairs . I am waiting for them to be available in red leather .
 I recently bought 2 pairs of Nellie Chukka Timerlands in colour Wheat.I received 2 pairs of nellie Chukka Timerlands in colour Wheat White.when requesting the colour on the order form , you have 2 options for wheat . The option for Wheat White is not separate from regular wheat.I am now stuck with 2 pairs of the wrong colour . I live in Ireland and therefore would be very expensive for me to send them back to you.I am very dissapointed with my purchases . Unless you can rectify the situation for me I will not be recommending your service to family and friends.Thanking youRachel Costello
 I tried these boots on locally and ordered them here . I like the boots . My feet get cold so I like the 1000 grams of thinsulate . The soles are plenty hard and a little slick in my tree stand but that is not a big deal . These are definitely cold weather boots , not for hiking as much as they are for sitting on stand . They seem well build like all Danner 's so I think they will hold up . I would buy them again !
 I tried these boots on locally and ordered them here . I like the boots . My feet get cold so I like the 1000 grams of thinsulate . The soles are plenty hard and a little slick in my tree stand but that is not a big deal . These are definitely cold weather boots , not for hiking as much as they are for sitting on stand . They seem well build like all Danner 's so I think they will hold up . I would buy them again !
 The Shudoh Cellerator is a great shoe . It comes with two puma cell inserts , one for added comfort , one for added stability . These insoles slip right under the normal insole . They are great but the only problem is that the insoles make the boot tighter , so i would advise anyone who is buying these to buy a half size larger . They forgot to balance the sizing back out with the cells , but it is made up for in the rest of the shoe .
 The Puma Cellerator Shudoh is an awsome cleat . Its extremely light weight and has an amazing amount of support . The only thing I do not like about the Shudoh is the stud configuration on the heal of the shoe . There is too much of a flat surface and I have a really hard time getting them the grip the ground . Other than that they are great !
 love these boots . the tread design is well placed , and very functional . the heel doesnt rub my ankle wrong . i like the material as it allows for a good touch .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 Given that I wear high heels on a daily basis , so I ca n't be completely objective , but for me these booties are very comfortable.The leather is stunning , the fit is right on , I ordered my true size and it fits perfect.These shoes are very stylish and chic .
 I am very satisfied with the shoes , I have 2 pairs .
 Have been using Propet shoes since 1985 . When I was race walking other top brands would wear down in 6 weeks . These shoes are guaranteed for 1,000 miles and they really will stand up to hard wear . Also the lightest and most comfortable shoes I have ever worn . This is my 10th pair .
 I have been wearing this Propet Walking Shoe for several years . It has held up very well and is extememly comfortable . I need to replace them and could not find them locally . I went on line to Amazon and found just what I was looking for . I have feet problems and these have been a Godsend . They look nice with slacks and a nice blouse or with jeans and casual shirts . I love them .
 I love these shoes!I have bought them for a couple of years.They were so reasonable at Amazon and delivered promptly .
 I stand up all day and so I need something with some support these are a descent shoe and they do n't hurt my feet has bad as some of the other shoes that I own .
 I love these shoes . I work in retail and I am on my feet from the time that I punch in to the time I leave . There are days that I put in 8-10 hours and there are days that I put in 12-14 hours ... on my feet all but 30 minutes -LRB- usually less -RRB- . I have worn other shoes that hurt my feet so badly I wanted to cry . But these shoes are like no other for me , and they withstand the beatings that my working days put them through and hold up extremely well !
 These have got to be the most comfortable walking shoes ever . I tend to have foot problems and have to be careful with the shoes I wear . But I have never had a problem with Propet Life Walker shoes . They 're light weight and have good support .
 Discovered the Propet brand of shoes on Amazon several years ago . Love this shoe . Stability plus , attractive design , good arch support , comfortable fit for a wide long foot . No `` breaking in '' needed ; ready to go right out of the box . Padding at back end of shoe gives extra cushion for back of ankle area . Always feel my footsteps are secure when walking in these shoes .
 I had such a hard time finding extra wide sneakers when I was very heavy . They all fit poorly , and hurt to take a step . Then I found these . I now am much thinner and only need a wide , so I have a larger selection now , but I still by two pair of these a year , one for gross chores , walking for fitness and getting wet , and one for shopping and daily wear . They are engineered to support your foot , stabilize your heel , and help support your ankle . Excellent if you have pronation . They still look like a gym shoe though , so you ca n't get away with wearing them to work or out in general , except maybe with long boot-cut jeans .
 I am very pleased with the Prope ' t shoes . They are comfortable very comfortable . They were delivered in a timely manner .
 I would recommend this product to any lady who has spent her life on her feet and is now having trouble finding a comfortable shoe as I have . These shoes are the only ones I can wear now and I love them for general walking and working out . The only negative is that I wear them down on the heel quite quickly while the rest of the shoe is still looking good . I wish the heels were made of stronger material .
 Size 11N walking shoes are hard to find , so this is the second pair of these I have bought . Just wish they came in more colors than black and while ... but that 's a small matter compared to fit .
 The Shudoh Cellerator is a great shoe . It comes with two puma cell inserts , one for added comfort , one for added stability . These insoles slip right under the normal insole . They are great but the only problem is that the insoles make the boot tighter , so i would advise anyone who is buying these to buy a half size larger . They forgot to balance the sizing back out with the cells , but it is made up for in the rest of the shoe .
 The Puma Cellerator Shudoh is an awsome cleat . Its extremely light weight and has an amazing amount of support . The only thing I do not like about the Shudoh is the stud configuration on the heal of the shoe . There is too much of a flat surface and I have a really hard time getting them the grip the ground . Other than that they are great !
 love these boots . the tread design is well placed , and very functional . the heel doesnt rub my ankle wrong . i like the material as it allows for a good touch .
 I liked these but they were to small ! I am a 6.5 so you would want to order a size 7 the size 6 did n't quite fit my big toe hung over just a bit . also these shoes are very easy to walk in so if you are wondering if these are the shoes for you , they are ! also they look so much better in person .
 I like the way they look-nice and neat.They are soft and comfortable . One thing though-when I wore them on a rainy day it felt kinda slippery on the road .
 Beautiful shoes just do n't wear them all day .
 I tried these boots on locally and ordered them here . I like the boots . My feet get cold so I like the 1000 grams of thinsulate . The soles are plenty hard and a little slick in my tree stand but that is not a big deal . These are definitely cold weather boots , not for hiking as much as they are for sitting on stand . They seem well build like all Danner 's so I think they will hold up . I would buy them again !
 The Shudoh Cellerator is a great shoe . It comes with two puma cell inserts , one for added comfort , one for added stability . These insoles slip right under the normal insole . They are great but the only problem is that the insoles make the boot tighter , so i would advise anyone who is buying these to buy a half size larger . They forgot to balance the sizing back out with the cells , but it is made up for in the rest of the shoe .
 The Puma Cellerator Shudoh is an awsome cleat . Its extremely light weight and has an amazing amount of support . The only thing I do not like about the Shudoh is the stud configuration on the heal of the shoe . There is too much of a flat surface and I have a really hard time getting them the grip the ground . Other than that they are great !
 love these boots . the tread design is well placed , and very functional . the heel doesnt rub my ankle wrong . i like the material as it allows for a good touch .
 these pair of dressy shoes are there to get you the best comfort during work and walking in and out the work spaces ! , in the begging i thought they are a bit heavy this of course it will lead to dis comfort later on . . ! , but after the first wear to work and to let you now i do walk a lot around my office , it pretty comfy pair and most important no laces .
 I have a pair of expensive Italian Valleverde black leather shoes I used to wear to clubs and to work . But after someone spilled a vodka-sticky f ` ing mess-redbull on them , I got these . They look good , cost only $ 50 , and wipe clean .
 The delivery was sucessfully !!! My new pair of skecher 's are so comfortable . It was just i needed.Gracias amazon
 Purchased for a gift . Sharp-looking shoe though . I suspect they could be worn as a dress shoe or with jeans for a night out .
 I 've been ordering this shoe for the last 4 years . I walk everywhere , so I cause a lot of undue wear and tear . I keep getting these , because I love the look , and they are very comfortable . I can wear them just about anywhere and not feel too dressy , or under-dressed .
 I did n't originally come here to review these shoes , I came to purchase my 3rd pair so that should tell you something right there . These have to be the most comfortable dress shoes I 've ever worn . Not the most stylish and the leather is kind of dull looking without a polishing but they are perfect for the business casual office.Now for the bad , the part where the sole and the shoe connect on the side collects alot of dirt and dust and is hard to get to so you can just wipe them clean , you 'll need lots of water and some kind of brush . And also after about a year of wear the leather has started to crack on the side of one of my shoes . In all fairness though my office building has had construction going on in the adjacent lot for about a year so that probably attributed to alot of the dust collecting and also I have n't put any type of leather conditioner on the shoes since I had them , that may have prevented the cracking leather.But even with that , these shoes are so comfortable I came to buy another pair . Too bad that do n't have my size listed anymore .
 I purchased a pair and have been using it everyday from the past six months . The shoes are very comfortable and look very professional . Love them.Strong and tough.Not to heavy . Has good grip on snow .
 Excellent shoes ! The package arrived early and the shoes were ready to wear straight out of the box ! Highly recommended !
 This is the 3rd pair of these shoes i bought . I wear them about 5 days aweek and they last for about a year and a half before they start to wear down .
 I 've had a dickens of a time finding these lately . I 've worn this style for over 5 years and love them . Delivery was prompt and the price was right .
 Very strong shoes . Inside cushioning plush and confortable . Very elegant look . Ideal for the man that does not want to give up confort for style because it is both confortable and classy .
 I expected quality boots at this price and from a company thats famous for boots but this purchase was disappointment . The steel toe very uncomfortable to walk . Look somewhere else or in pay-less shoe store .
 I love this shoe so much I bought 3 different pairs and 2 for my daughter , all in different sizes . Normally very high priced , but on sale once in a while on Amazon for under $ 20 . Have held up very well to my 4 year old 's running around . I love that they breath , no more stinky feet for him !
 I expected quality boots at this price and from a company thats famous for boots but this purchase was disappointment . The steel toe very uncomfortable to walk . Look somewhere else or in pay-less shoe store .
 I expected quality boots at this price and from a company thats famous for boots but this purchase was disappointment . The steel toe very uncomfortable to walk . Look somewhere else or in pay-less shoe store .
 I expected quality boots at this price and from a company thats famous for boots but this purchase was disappointment . The steel toe very uncomfortable to walk . Look somewhere else or in pay-less shoe store .
 The Shudoh Cellerator is a great shoe . It comes with two puma cell inserts , one for added comfort , one for added stability . These insoles slip right under the normal insole . They are great but the only problem is that the insoles make the boot tighter , so i would advise anyone who is buying these to buy a half size larger . They forgot to balance the sizing back out with the cells , but it is made up for in the rest of the shoe .
 The Puma Cellerator Shudoh is an awsome cleat . Its extremely light weight and has an amazing amount of support . The only thing I do not like about the Shudoh is the stud configuration on the heal of the shoe . There is too much of a flat surface and I have a really hard time getting them the grip the ground . Other than that they are great !
 love these boots . the tread design is well placed , and very functional . the heel doesnt rub my ankle wrong . i like the material as it allows for a good touch .
 The Shudoh Cellerator is a great shoe . It comes with two puma cell inserts , one for added comfort , one for added stability . These insoles slip right under the normal insole . They are great but the only problem is that the insoles make the boot tighter , so i would advise anyone who is buying these to buy a half size larger . They forgot to balance the sizing back out with the cells , but it is made up for in the rest of the shoe .
 The Puma Cellerator Shudoh is an awsome cleat . Its extremely light weight and has an amazing amount of support . The only thing I do not like about the Shudoh is the stud configuration on the heal of the shoe . There is too much of a flat surface and I have a really hard time getting them the grip the ground . Other than that they are great !
 love these boots . the tread design is well placed , and very functional . the heel doesnt rub my ankle wrong . i like the material as it allows for a good touch .
 I tried these boots on locally and ordered them here . I like the boots . My feet get cold so I like the 1000 grams of thinsulate . The soles are plenty hard and a little slick in my tree stand but that is not a big deal . These are definitely cold weather boots , not for hiking as much as they are for sitting on stand . They seem well build like all Danner 's so I think they will hold up . I would buy them again !
 I like the way they look-nice and neat.They are soft and comfortable . One thing though-when I wore them on a rainy day it felt kinda slippery on the road .
 The Shudoh Cellerator is a great shoe . It comes with two puma cell inserts , one for added comfort , one for added stability . These insoles slip right under the normal insole . They are great but the only problem is that the insoles make the boot tighter , so i would advise anyone who is buying these to buy a half size larger . They forgot to balance the sizing back out with the cells , but it is made up for in the rest of the shoe .
 The Puma Cellerator Shudoh is an awsome cleat . Its extremely light weight and has an amazing amount of support . The only thing I do not like about the Shudoh is the stud configuration on the heal of the shoe . There is too much of a flat surface and I have a really hard time getting them the grip the ground . Other than that they are great !
 love these boots . the tread design is well placed , and very functional . the heel doesnt rub my ankle wrong . i like the material as it allows for a good touch .
 First off , I 'm not really a kid , but I do n't want to sign up for an acount . Know that . I bought a pair a couple months ago . They obviously get kudos in the cool facter right off the bat . Then I put them to the real test . On the court . They are super comfortable and are still holding up great . They also breathe very well.This brings me to the only problems . Soon after I bought a pair , my friend did too . He plays in them not only on the hard-court , but on the black top when he 's practicing also . Therefore he uses them A LOT . A few days ago one of the air pumps in the sole sprung a leak and his right shoes rim no longer spins . I 've only heard of this happening to a couple people , but if you abuse your shows as much as my friend does , you might want to look else where . Also the sound of the pump is audible . Not terribly noticable , expecialy on the court.All in all , this is a great shoe and really encourage you buying it . Whether you want it for hoops or for style , it 's sick no matter what .
 I just re-purchase that shoes , around yr ago , i bought the white color speers , when I found out is discount item , I re-purchase another pair -LRB- Black/gold -RRB- . That is a comfortable , cool shoes.Just for your information , I am working in HK . It 's very different to find DaDa basketball shoes here . I need to purchase online and ship to HK . -LRB- Takes 14 days -RRB- . So you guys in North American are so lucky.I am highly recommended for those sourcing a high-quality & inexpensive basketball player . That is 100 % good choice . -LRB- Try it ... Very Good Deal -RRB- Excuse me ! Am I too hard-sale that DaDa basketball shoes ?
 This shoe is off da chain i bought this shoe when it came out . I gots the blue and white ones and they comfterable as hell they gots a spring in the sole so dat the wheel spins the only bad thing is that when you walk you hear the air from the spring but overall this shoe is off da hizzle .
 This shoes look sleek no doubt about that . Ive been trying to get my hands on them for a while now but i ca n't seem to find them anywhere . Can anyone tell me where to buy a beautfiul shoe like this ?
 I got 4 letters 4 you P-I-M-P
 I ummm actually have n't worn these shoes yet but . They get props from me just cause they look good . And they is original . so poo poo to you .
 I tried these boots on locally and ordered them here . I like the boots . My feet get cold so I like the 1000 grams of thinsulate . The soles are plenty hard and a little slick in my tree stand but that is not a big deal . These are definitely cold weather boots , not for hiking as much as they are for sitting on stand . They seem well build like all Danner 's so I think they will hold up . I would buy them again !
 First off , I 'm not really a kid , but I do n't want to sign up for an acount . Know that . I bought a pair a couple months ago . They obviously get kudos in the cool facter right off the bat . Then I put them to the real test . On the court . They are super comfortable and are still holding up great . They also breathe very well.This brings me to the only problems . Soon after I bought a pair , my friend did too . He plays in them not only on the hard-court , but on the black top when he 's practicing also . Therefore he uses them A LOT . A few days ago one of the air pumps in the sole sprung a leak and his right shoes rim no longer spins . I 've only heard of this happening to a couple people , but if you abuse your shows as much as my friend does , you might want to look else where . Also the sound of the pump is audible . Not terribly noticable , expecialy on the court.All in all , this is a great shoe and really encourage you buying it . Whether you want it for hoops or for style , it 's sick no matter what .
 I just re-purchase that shoes , around yr ago , i bought the white color speers , when I found out is discount item , I re-purchase another pair -LRB- Black/gold -RRB- . That is a comfortable , cool shoes.Just for your information , I am working in HK . It 's very different to find DaDa basketball shoes here . I need to purchase online and ship to HK . -LRB- Takes 14 days -RRB- . So you guys in North American are so lucky.I am highly recommended for those sourcing a high-quality & inexpensive basketball player . That is 100 % good choice . -LRB- Try it ... Very Good Deal -RRB- Excuse me ! Am I too hard-sale that DaDa basketball shoes ?
 This shoe is off da chain i bought this shoe when it came out . I gots the blue and white ones and they comfterable as hell they gots a spring in the sole so dat the wheel spins the only bad thing is that when you walk you hear the air from the spring but overall this shoe is off da hizzle .
 This shoes look sleek no doubt about that . Ive been trying to get my hands on them for a while now but i ca n't seem to find them anywhere . Can anyone tell me where to buy a beautfiul shoe like this ?
 I got 4 letters 4 you P-I-M-P
 I ummm actually have n't worn these shoes yet but . They get props from me just cause they look good . And they is original . so poo poo to you .
 I tried these boots on locally and ordered them here . I like the boots . My feet get cold so I like the 1000 grams of thinsulate . The soles are plenty hard and a little slick in my tree stand but that is not a big deal . These are definitely cold weather boots , not for hiking as much as they are for sitting on stand . They seem well build like all Danner 's so I think they will hold up . I would buy them again !
 These are great shoes !! I bought mine at Foot Locker , but saw them on Amazon . I have navy and pink and I love them . They 're comfortable and good looking . Plus , I have n't seen anyone with them !! -LRB- at least in my color -RRB-
 I tried these boots on locally and ordered them here . I like the boots . My feet get cold so I like the 1000 grams of thinsulate . The soles are plenty hard and a little slick in my tree stand but that is not a big deal . These are definitely cold weather boots , not for hiking as much as they are for sitting on stand . They seem well build like all Danner 's so I think they will hold up . I would buy them again !
 I expected quality boots at this price and from a company thats famous for boots but this purchase was disappointment . The steel toe very uncomfortable to walk . Look somewhere else or in pay-less shoe store .
 Cute little shoe that protects kid 's toes ... no more broken and torn big toenails . Seems to be comfortable as she is n't pulling at them all of the time . Definitely would buy again .
 This is the second pair of Aetrex walkers of this particular type I have purchased because they support my feet , never cramp them , are easy to put on and take off , the velcro straps stay in place all day and my feet do not hurt at night when I take them off . They are good appearance -LRB- black -RRB- and I wear them with formal business attire -LRB- suits -RRB- as a professional business man . I also have a more casual pair -LRB- white -RRB- for daily non-business wear . If you have foot problems - give them a try . I could not find any of my size in any store and had to estimate at the fit on the first pair -LRB- 13-wide -RRB- and they fit perfectly . After 10 month 's of daily use -LRB- 10/hours/day / 5-days a week -RRB- they show no noticeable wear . The nonskid soles are of great importance , although they do cause a squeak when wet -LRB- rainy days -RRB- and walking on marble corridors of some buildings . It goes away quickly as they dry . I highly recommend them .
 These were for my brother who requires sturdy and supportive sneakers with velcro closures for daily use . The extra wide width was a bonus , and they 're very comfortable for him . They also arrived within very quickly . We 're very satisfied .
 We were eager to kind a pair of kids wrestling shoes for our son who needed them for his first tournament.We called around to find the most cost effective pair considering that he would outgrow them before next season . We found what we were looking for within Amazon.The order process was simple and the confirmation and tracking emails were easy to use . We were most impressed when the shoes arrived ahead of schedule . The external packaging was secure and inside the shoes arrived within the original factory box.The quality of the product is excellent and we will use this shopping option in the future .
 A friend of mine years n years ago gave me a wore out old pair of Asics wrestling shoes . I wore them even more until they finally just plain feel apart . Ever since that I have been looking to add another pair to my collection . As a matter of fact I added two pairs to my collection . All I can say about these shoes . They are comfortable as hell . I love wearing them during the summer . Or whenever I get the chance to wear em . Well worth the money .
 My daughter is small size that we could not find it in a sport store . She is using it a lot for competition and she love them . Arrived on time .
 Good shoes - a bit tough for my 2nd grader to get on but overall good quality .
 I tried these boots on locally and ordered them here . I like the boots . My feet get cold so I like the 1000 grams of thinsulate . The soles are plenty hard and a little slick in my tree stand but that is not a big deal . These are definitely cold weather boots , not for hiking as much as they are for sitting on stand . They seem well build like all Danner 's so I think they will hold up . I would buy them again !
 First off , I 'm not really a kid , but I do n't want to sign up for an acount . Know that . I bought a pair a couple months ago . They obviously get kudos in the cool facter right off the bat . Then I put them to the real test . On the court . They are super comfortable and are still holding up great . They also breathe very well.This brings me to the only problems . Soon after I bought a pair , my friend did too . He plays in them not only on the hard-court , but on the black top when he 's practicing also . Therefore he uses them A LOT . A few days ago one of the air pumps in the sole sprung a leak and his right shoes rim no longer spins . I 've only heard of this happening to a couple people , but if you abuse your shows as much as my friend does , you might want to look else where . Also the sound of the pump is audible . Not terribly noticable , expecialy on the court.All in all , this is a great shoe and really encourage you buying it . Whether you want it for hoops or for style , it 's sick no matter what .
 I just re-purchase that shoes , around yr ago , i bought the white color speers , when I found out is discount item , I re-purchase another pair -LRB- Black/gold -RRB- . That is a comfortable , cool shoes.Just for your information , I am working in HK . It 's very different to find DaDa basketball shoes here . I need to purchase online and ship to HK . -LRB- Takes 14 days -RRB- . So you guys in North American are so lucky.I am highly recommended for those sourcing a high-quality & inexpensive basketball player . That is 100 % good choice . -LRB- Try it ... Very Good Deal -RRB- Excuse me ! Am I too hard-sale that DaDa basketball shoes ?
 This shoe is off da chain i bought this shoe when it came out . I gots the blue and white ones and they comfterable as hell they gots a spring in the sole so dat the wheel spins the only bad thing is that when you walk you hear the air from the spring but overall this shoe is off da hizzle .
 This shoes look sleek no doubt about that . Ive been trying to get my hands on them for a while now but i ca n't seem to find them anywhere . Can anyone tell me where to buy a beautfiul shoe like this ?
 I got 4 letters 4 you P-I-M-P
 I ummm actually have n't worn these shoes yet but . They get props from me just cause they look good . And they is original . so poo poo to you .
 I like the way they look-nice and neat.They are soft and comfortable . One thing though-when I wore them on a rainy day it felt kinda slippery on the road .
 These are great shoes !! I bought mine at Foot Locker , but saw them on Amazon . I have navy and pink and I love them . They 're comfortable and good looking . Plus , I have n't seen anyone with them !! -LRB- at least in my color -RRB-
 I expected quality boots at this price and from a company thats famous for boots but this purchase was disappointment . The steel toe very uncomfortable to walk . Look somewhere else or in pay-less shoe store .
 Love this style and this brand . But the most important thing for me is the price ! Unbeatable . I definitly will buy another ones .
 Love this shoe , nice to find something comfortable and stylish for boys ! He had a similar pair in grey that my son outgrew , unfortunately the 5 1/2 I received seems to run big . So he has not been able to wear these yet , but I like too much to return ! He got a lot of wear out of the other pair and I 'm sure he will out of these too .
 The shoes are great my son love 's them . You would love them too . It fit 's perfect & is really stylish .
 I loved this purchase for my son is super comfortable shoe looks sleek he is very happy loves are one of their favorites
 I alway like Ralph Lauren shoes for my grand babies , they fit them great , the prices are good also , and quick delivery , thanks again , will buy more ,
 excellent articleI am satisfied with the quality mu and the timely deliveryexcellent articleI am satisfied with the quality mu and the timely delivery
 i like it my baby boy like it also ... it was really great shoes ever bought from amazon . . he wear it as causal and super chic for kids out look ... so comfotable and the material was great and soft and easy for cleaning . . good stuff
 these were great for the three years I have had them for running varsity track at my school . I have sprinted and hurdled faster and I am jumping higher in high jump . They come with spikes and a wrench . Perfect for a basic pair of spikes . Just loved them .
 These are great shoes !! I bought mine at Foot Locker , but saw them on Amazon . I have navy and pink and I love them . They 're comfortable and good looking . Plus , I have n't seen anyone with them !! -LRB- at least in my color -RRB-
 I tried these boots on locally and ordered them here . I like the boots . My feet get cold so I like the 1000 grams of thinsulate . The soles are plenty hard and a little slick in my tree stand but that is not a big deal . These are definitely cold weather boots , not for hiking as much as they are for sitting on stand . They seem well build like all Danner 's so I think they will hold up . I would buy them again !
 First off , I 'm not really a kid , but I do n't want to sign up for an acount . Know that . I bought a pair a couple months ago . They obviously get kudos in the cool facter right off the bat . Then I put them to the real test . On the court . They are super comfortable and are still holding up great . They also breathe very well.This brings me to the only problems . Soon after I bought a pair , my friend did too . He plays in them not only on the hard-court , but on the black top when he 's practicing also . Therefore he uses them A LOT . A few days ago one of the air pumps in the sole sprung a leak and his right shoes rim no longer spins . I 've only heard of this happening to a couple people , but if you abuse your shows as much as my friend does , you might want to look else where . Also the sound of the pump is audible . Not terribly noticable , expecialy on the court.All in all , this is a great shoe and really encourage you buying it . Whether you want it for hoops or for style , it 's sick no matter what .
 I just re-purchase that shoes , around yr ago , i bought the white color speers , when I found out is discount item , I re-purchase another pair -LRB- Black/gold -RRB- . That is a comfortable , cool shoes.Just for your information , I am working in HK . It 's very different to find DaDa basketball shoes here . I need to purchase online and ship to HK . -LRB- Takes 14 days -RRB- . So you guys in North American are so lucky.I am highly recommended for those sourcing a high-quality & inexpensive basketball player . That is 100 % good choice . -LRB- Try it ... Very Good Deal -RRB- Excuse me ! Am I too hard-sale that DaDa basketball shoes ?
 This shoe is off da chain i bought this shoe when it came out . I gots the blue and white ones and they comfterable as hell they gots a spring in the sole so dat the wheel spins the only bad thing is that when you walk you hear the air from the spring but overall this shoe is off da hizzle .
 This shoes look sleek no doubt about that . Ive been trying to get my hands on them for a while now but i ca n't seem to find them anywhere . Can anyone tell me where to buy a beautfiul shoe like this ?
 I got 4 letters 4 you P-I-M-P
 I ummm actually have n't worn these shoes yet but . They get props from me just cause they look good . And they is original . so poo poo to you .
 I like the way they look-nice and neat.They are soft and comfortable . One thing though-when I wore them on a rainy day it felt kinda slippery on the road .
 These are great shoes !! I bought mine at Foot Locker , but saw them on Amazon . I have navy and pink and I love them . They 're comfortable and good looking . Plus , I have n't seen anyone with them !! -LRB- at least in my color -RRB-
 I expected quality boots at this price and from a company thats famous for boots but this purchase was disappointment . The steel toe very uncomfortable to walk . Look somewhere else or in pay-less shoe store .
 I like the way they look-nice and neat.They are soft and comfortable . One thing though-when I wore them on a rainy day it felt kinda slippery on the road .
 I 'm a loyal Reebok basketball shoe buyer , these being my 5th pair of Iverson 's to date . I 've worn Answer 3s through 7s , and they 've always been pretty cool kicks with a strong court presence . I was skeptical about these at first cause they look too flashy with the pump and all however I 've been proven wrong since I bought them 2 months ago . The Answer X pumps are legit , the pump system works incredibly well and gives you a truly close to custom fit sneaker . I really like the high ankle strap because of past ankle injurys I 've had , with it I feel a lot more safe/stable . The pump works atuomatically as you walk . You simply turn it 's knob to a setting and it 'll inflate within your first 10-20 steps . I wear most of my Iverson 's off the court as just stand alone sneakers , but not these . Theres no question about it , these are straight up baller shoes . I only use these when I play basketball , I do n't wear them to or from the court , I take them off . If you 're not wearing next generation basketball shoes for your game today , these shoes will blow you away . Definately is one of the best basketall shoes available right now . I have n't worn Kobe 's or T-mac 's , but I love these shoes so I 'd be biased if I tryed the others right now . You wo n't be dissappointed with these . The only reason I give them 4 stars instead of 5 , is cause my pump knob lost it 's sticker gauge and the knob feels flimsy sometimes now . Overall though I think they 've helped my game , and are the best Iverson 's to date .
 Easy to buy and very trusfull for a costumer overseas . Have never got a product from an overseasfirm which have lived up to my exc . That goes for both the product and the handling from amazonThank you
 This shoes were a present for my son . I had liked one for me but i have not able find it
 I expected quality boots at this price and from a company thats famous for boots but this purchase was disappointment . The steel toe very uncomfortable to walk . Look somewhere else or in pay-less shoe store .
 I expected quality boots at this price and from a company thats famous for boots but this purchase was disappointment . The steel toe very uncomfortable to walk . Look somewhere else or in pay-less shoe store .
 I expected quality boots at this price and from a company thats famous for boots but this purchase was disappointment . The steel toe very uncomfortable to walk . Look somewhere else or in pay-less shoe store .
 I tried these boots on locally and ordered them here . I like the boots . My feet get cold so I like the 1000 grams of thinsulate . The soles are plenty hard and a little slick in my tree stand but that is not a big deal . These are definitely cold weather boots , not for hiking as much as they are for sitting on stand . They seem well build like all Danner 's so I think they will hold up . I would buy them again !
 I expected quality boots at this price and from a company thats famous for boots but this purchase was disappointment . The steel toe very uncomfortable to walk . Look somewhere else or in pay-less shoe store .
 Bought these while they were on sale and they were a great buy plus they 're a very comfortable shoe . I wear them with jeans or capris and get lots of compliments on them . Would highly recommend .
 I purchased these and were quite please with what I received . I am normally anywhere between a 9 to 10 . I do n't believe 9.5 was available so a 10 was what I got . The shoe is seriously comfortable to wear and I have received plenty of compliments on them . Usually I am a shoes and jeans kind of girl , but these allow you to dress up something shoes would usually go with .
 These have closed toes and heels , yet plenty of air flow to your feet . Perfect for casual wear to work , cool yet professional -LRB- colorado style , not wall street . . -RRB-
 This is the best sandal I have ever had . There are 10 of us at work that wear these . When they became hard to find we started buying ahead . Every one of us has a new pair in reserve . If these are out there ... buy them ! The ladies sandal has a different sole and will break -LRB- we still use them -RRB- but the men 's sandals do n't . Theirs are like the older womens were . Would love for Airwalk to start producing these again !!!
 My feet stay cool , no sweating , no stink , yet they are heavy enough to offer proction & comfort .
 I love these ! They are cute to wear with some jeans in the summer .
 I expected quality boots at this price and from a company thats famous for boots but this purchase was disappointment . The steel toe very uncomfortable to walk . Look somewhere else or in pay-less shoe store .
 I bought the navy blue ones and I have had them for 2 weeks now and they are great best slip on show I have ever owned . The only issue with them is the sizing they do not fit true to tennis shoe size . I wear 10.5 size tennis shoe and had to order 8.5 . Just be very careful when ordering your size . Had to return the shoes a couple of times to get the right size . Service was the best I could ever expect .
 My husband loves these shoes . I got him one in each color and they are long lasting and great quality . He wears dress shoes every day so having more than one pair really helps them last and last . They look great even after a year of wearing them in all weather . He will continue to wear these shoes as long as they are making them . He has had much more expensive shoes but did not like them as well nor did they last as well .
 I wear these everyday and I find them very comfortable . I have had them for almost a year and they are holding up pretty well . They have a bit of a funky texture on the upper and do n't take polish very well , but they are still very solid and look good .
 I 've been wearing this exact Executive Imperial Wingtip shoe for more than twenty years . They are extremely durable and still take a great shine for the entire life of the shoe . They break in quickly and run true to size .
 I expected quality boots at this price and from a company thats famous for boots but this purchase was disappointment . The steel toe very uncomfortable to walk . Look somewhere else or in pay-less shoe store .
 I expected quality boots at this price and from a company thats famous for boots but this purchase was disappointment . The steel toe very uncomfortable to walk . Look somewhere else or in pay-less shoe store .
 I expected quality boots at this price and from a company thats famous for boots but this purchase was disappointment . The steel toe very uncomfortable to walk . Look somewhere else or in pay-less shoe store .
 My husband loves these shoes . I got him one in each color and they are long lasting and great quality . He wears dress shoes every day so having more than one pair really helps them last and last . They look great even after a year of wearing them in all weather . He will continue to wear these shoes as long as they are making them . He has had much more expensive shoes but did not like them as well nor did they last as well .
 I wear these everyday and I find them very comfortable . I have had them for almost a year and they are holding up pretty well . They have a bit of a funky texture on the upper and do n't take polish very well , but they are still very solid and look good .
 I 've been wearing this exact Executive Imperial Wingtip shoe for more than twenty years . They are extremely durable and still take a great shine for the entire life of the shoe . They break in quickly and run true to size .
 They 're quite high but light and comfortable to walk in . I have n't tried for long periods of time but for a few hours of wear there was little to no discomfort . Also , they 're a darker yellow than in the picture which I like more .
 These are great looking summer sandals . Wore them to a wedding reception and received tons of compliments . Not for those who are new to wearing heels though - they are pretty high .
 Great shoe . amazon had an amazing price over the other online shoe stores , and the delivery was quick !
 Nice sneaker , very stylish . Available in many colors . Great for basket ball and casual wear .
 I expected quality boots at this price and from a company thats famous for boots but this purchase was disappointment . The steel toe very uncomfortable to walk . Look somewhere else or in pay-less shoe store .
 My husband loves these shoes . I got him one in each color and they are long lasting and great quality . He wears dress shoes every day so having more than one pair really helps them last and last . They look great even after a year of wearing them in all weather . He will continue to wear these shoes as long as they are making them . He has had much more expensive shoes but did not like them as well nor did they last as well .
 I wear these everyday and I find them very comfortable . I have had them for almost a year and they are holding up pretty well . They have a bit of a funky texture on the upper and do n't take polish very well , but they are still very solid and look good .
 I 've been wearing this exact Executive Imperial Wingtip shoe for more than twenty years . They are extremely durable and still take a great shine for the entire life of the shoe . They break in quickly and run true to size .
 I expected quality boots at this price and from a company thats famous for boots but this purchase was disappointment . The steel toe very uncomfortable to walk . Look somewhere else or in pay-less shoe store .
 I use these shoes a lot , almost every day , and they have lasted going on two years . Nothing wrong with the pair I have , but I am ordering a second pair to keep at a different location . Really , the best walking/running/all around trainer I have ever worn . Well worth the money .
 though the tennis shoes did not work out for me , doing business with New Balance Deleware was an awesome experience . they were both helful and courteous the times i spoke with them . i would not hesitate to do business with them .
 I am a StrideRite fan and this shoe did not fail me . These shoes are not stiff and has good traction . She can walk for long periods of time without the shoes hurting her feet . The best part is that she can fasten the shoes herself .
 We searched high and low for a cute white shoe . The stride rite store did n't carry extra-wide width so I lucked into finding them on amazon . They are adorable and $ 10 less than in the stride rite store !
 I purchased these Stride Rite white dress shoes with a bow on the side , which was a hit with my three year old Granddaughter . She is already picking out her own clothes and shoes and refuses to wear things unless she really likes them . She was very happy with her new dress shoes , thought she was a princess between her shoes and dress . The cost of the shoes were cheaper than the Stride Rite stores and you know you are still getting the quality . Not only was that a factor but they were different from any other that was offered in the stores . Another great purchase from Amazon . Thanks !
 My daughter does n't tend to like dressing up , too much . She likes being comfy and this shoes did that for her . It was easy for her to be a `` big girl '' and get her own shoes on and off . They were low -LRB- flat -RRB- enought for her that she did n't miss her running shoes . She liked them very much and I love the way they look on her .
 I went to the store with every intention on buying the new NIKE Air Max 360 . The store only had it in Blue/Silver , so I asked for it in my size - but - I saw this Asics shoe -LRB- I have never worn Asics before -RRB- that was in the red color I wanted so I asked for that shoe too.I tried on the Aisics first - IT WAS THE MOST COMFORTABLE SHOE I EVER PUT ON MY FOOT !! I was sold ! I did try on the Nike - after seeing all the ads I was determined to get those . When I tried them on , I was so dissappionted ! The Nike 's were narrow -LRB- typical Nike -RRB- , hard as a rock , no bounce , and I could feel bumps in the bottom!I excercise at the gym 5 days a week doing 2 hours of cardio . I can actually run on the treadmill now because these sneakers are sooo comfortable and they support my foot !!
 It 's a comfortable , somewhat soft-feeling stability plus cushioning shoe for the heavier runner . Softer feel than the GT-2110 , with similar fit . However , if you like the GT-1110 , this shoe may not work for you because the stability part of the soles is not as far forward . Durability has been comparable to the Asics GT series shoes that I have owned .
 For years I could not find a woman 's running shoe that would fit well -LRB- I have small , i.e. , short , but wide feet -LRB- the Apache/Cherokee in me I think -- grin -RRB- . I also needed shoes that would provide good support and protect my heels from too much impact . Every shoe I tried , no matter how expensive , all the way to the so-called top of the line Nikes , just ended up with my feet with blisters or worse , a horrible case of shin splints ! Someone recommended Kayanos to me about 6 years ago and that has been IT for me ever since . The XIIs and the XIIIs -LRB- I have one pair of those also -RRB- are the BEST!The price I paid for these XIIs was a great price for a pair of Kayanos anytime . Get them while they are hot -LRB- and cheap -RRB- ! Thanks , RhondaASICS Women 's GEL-Kayano XII
 Comfort , support and light weight make this one of the best all around running shoes I have ever had . This is my 2nd pair of this model . Best value for the dollar - very comfortable.Kennett Square , PA
 replacing an identical pair , now worn out - no reason to change a winning formula ; - -RRB-
 For the past 8 years I have bought Asics Gel Kayano running shoes , and I would never buy any other brand . This shoe is light , supportive , comfortable and worth every penny . I have several pairs and every year the comfort is not compromised with changing styles . Great for road runners as well as treadmill dwellers !
 I got my Kayanos because they were so cheap -LRB- $ 35 -RRB- . Best decision I ever made . Amazing support -LRB- I slightly overpronate and have weak ankles -RRB- and durability for middle distance running . These have inspired me to run more and stick with Asics .
 note
 These shoes are great . They come in wide which is a neccesity for me . I really like them . The price is pretty high but I think they are worth good running shoes are important . I highly reccomend them .
 I 'd been shopping for a pair of running shoes and have tried on various brands . These shoes surpassed others in fit , support , and comfort . I 'm so glad Kayano comes in wide sizes , because it fits my feet PERFECTLY ! I highly recommend !
 Love these shoes . I only buy Asics . For my feet , they have always felt the best . These shoes are great . Very comfortable and easy to run in as soon as I put them on . Well worth the money !
 I have tried several different types of shoes and these are , by far , the best . The pronation support , the light weight , and the durability is incredible ! The other person who wrote a review does not have a clue ! Last time I checked , the person IN the shoes made the shoes fast ...
 I have been running for many years and even though I try new shoes , I always return to the Asics Gel Kayano Series . They are so light ; it barely feels like you are wearing a running shoe ! They provide great support and are very comfortable . They are the only running shoes I do n't have to `` break in . '' An added bonus for these shoes is that when you wear them , they do n't make your feet look three sizes larger as most running shoes tend to do . I would highly recommend these shoes .
 The Gel Kayano XII 's are great running shoes . I bought this pair for my girlfriend who is just getting into running . The shoes are very comfortable and provide stability.I was so pleased with the men 's version that after my first purchase of the XII 's , I bought another pair for myself and then the women 's version for my girlfriend . She has already ran in two 5k 's with them and loves them .
 For me , this is simply the best shoe . It ca n't be beat for comfort and performance . Although it is not the cheapest shoe on the market , it is worth every dime and then some . It is n't worth the time to shop around for a great running shoe - it is quite simple - just go get the Gel Kayano .
 I have had a different series Asics gel kayano that fit me perfectly and were my most comfortable pair of trainers ever . Sadly my old faithfuls were seriously in need of replacement but what to do as local shops did not stock either my size or any Kayanos . I figured that I had nothing to lose by just ordering these XII series ones . They fit the bill perfectly.I 'm so happy as this is the first time I have ever bought a pair of shoes without trying them on first and without enduring long shopping journeys and searches for The Right Trainers . Better yet , they are nice looking , as well as great to work out in .
 Greatest sneaker ever ! Like my last 3 pairs the Asics Gel Kayanos are like butter on the feet . I will never buy another sneaker for running again . I used Asics to run the NYC Marathin in 2004 and am training for the 2007 marathon . It goes the distance !
 I usually have pretty good luck with running shoes , but these felt extra comfortable when I tried them on . Since I run long distances , comfort is important . For me , they last a while , too .
 I 've tried many different kinds of running shoes and this shoe is the best by far ! I bought 2 pair at the same time because of the low price and I already have 2 pair at home waiting to be worn ! Can you say I love these shoes ?!
 I ordered these shoes for my wedding , so you can imagine my nervousness . I received them within a week and fell in love ! I 've shown them to my bridal party and my mother and have received nothing but raves ! Even at the shoe repair where I had no-skids put on them and the dress shop where I had a fitting no one could take their eyes off my shoes!Order a 1/2 size smaller .
 Well , what more can I say ? They are nice shoes for the dress blues ... I had trouble finding the ones I could manually polish , but these work ... Just make sure not to scuff them ... Because for the most part , scuffs do not come out ... Cleaning them is simple and can be done with windex . The shipping was also quick , faster than Vanguard 's second day , even though I did standard shipping with these ... But they get the job done ...
 Well , what more can I say ? They are nice shoes for the dress blues ... I had trouble finding the ones I could manually polish , but these work ... Just make sure not to scuff them ... Because for the most part , scuffs do not come out ... Cleaning them is simple and can be done with windex . The shipping was also quick , faster than Vanguard 's second day , even though I did standard shipping with these ... But they get the job done ...
 My husband loves these shoes . I got him one in each color and they are long lasting and great quality . He wears dress shoes every day so having more than one pair really helps them last and last . They look great even after a year of wearing them in all weather . He will continue to wear these shoes as long as they are making them . He has had much more expensive shoes but did not like them as well nor did they last as well .
 I wear these everyday and I find them very comfortable . I have had them for almost a year and they are holding up pretty well . They have a bit of a funky texture on the upper and do n't take polish very well , but they are still very solid and look good .
 I 've been wearing this exact Executive Imperial Wingtip shoe for more than twenty years . They are extremely durable and still take a great shine for the entire life of the shoe . They break in quickly and run true to size .
 Well , what more can I say ? They are nice shoes for the dress blues ... I had trouble finding the ones I could manually polish , but these work ... Just make sure not to scuff them ... Because for the most part , scuffs do not come out ... Cleaning them is simple and can be done with windex . The shipping was also quick , faster than Vanguard 's second day , even though I did standard shipping with these ... But they get the job done ...
 These shoers were for my daughter . She loves them ! As long as she is happy with them , I am happy with them . Adidas has done a great job with supplying kids shoes for athletics . That is the only kind of shoe , we as a family will wear . Keep up the great work Adidas !
 I have a great satisfaction of this product , my son it is very happy , your description and images show them be really
 The price was perfect for a brand new cleat . It was n't shipped as fast as another competitor and was delayed by 1 day . However , the price made up for the time of delivery .
 Trotters Women 's Megan LoaferI loved these shoes . Comfortable , yet dressy with a high shine .
 I 'm a loyal Reebok basketball shoe buyer , these being my 5th pair of Iverson 's to date . I 've worn Answer 3s through 7s , and they 've always been pretty cool kicks with a strong court presence . I was skeptical about these at first cause they look too flashy with the pump and all however I 've been proven wrong since I bought them 2 months ago . The Answer X pumps are legit , the pump system works incredibly well and gives you a truly close to custom fit sneaker . I really like the high ankle strap because of past ankle injurys I 've had , with it I feel a lot more safe/stable . The pump works atuomatically as you walk . You simply turn it 's knob to a setting and it 'll inflate within your first 10-20 steps . I wear most of my Iverson 's off the court as just stand alone sneakers , but not these . Theres no question about it , these are straight up baller shoes . I only use these when I play basketball , I do n't wear them to or from the court , I take them off . If you 're not wearing next generation basketball shoes for your game today , these shoes will blow you away . Definately is one of the best basketall shoes available right now . I have n't worn Kobe 's or T-mac 's , but I love these shoes so I 'd be biased if I tryed the others right now . You wo n't be dissappointed with these . The only reason I give them 4 stars instead of 5 , is cause my pump knob lost it 's sticker gauge and the knob feels flimsy sometimes now . Overall though I think they 've helped my game , and are the best Iverson 's to date .
 Easy to buy and very trusfull for a costumer overseas . Have never got a product from an overseasfirm which have lived up to my exc . That goes for both the product and the handling from amazonThank you
 This shoes were a present for my son . I had liked one for me but i have not able find it
 This shoe is for those who want a sturdier , but still breathable alternative to the regular sport sandal . The Keen footbed is incredibly comfortable , so much so that no breaking in was required . The shoes are waterproof and washable in the washing machine . I found them easier to get into than the Newports because the heel had more substance . Keens are quickly becoming my favourite shoe.P.S . Apr 24 , 2008 - I just returned from 2.5 weeks in Costa Rica where I wore these shoes virtually daily . They were very comfortable while still giving the foot some fresh air . And all the better for being able to just throw them in the washing machine when I came home .
 I 'm extremely pleased with each aspect of this transaction , and with the product . Frequently , items are advertised through catalogs or newspaper ads , and fail to meet the expectations of the buyer . That was not the case with this pair of shoes . They were exactly as pictured , and exceeded my expectations . I liked the way I was able to view the shoe from every angle . That was clever advertising . The shape of the shoe is very becoming , and the heel is a perfect height . I highly recommend it .
 The shoes fit good and the price was excellent . Please continue to offer name brands for a good price .
 This brand of shoes are comfortable and is very comfortable . . i recommend it too anyone ! keep them in good shape !
 I have several pairs of these Chinese shoes . Some in the cotton style as well as this silk style , and I love them . They are very comfortable , and I 'm on my feet a lot during the day so comfort is important . I do slip a Dr. Scholl 's Gel insert in to give a little arch support . I plan to buy even more of these shoes since they come in so many different colors and patterns . I love the tapestry pattern I 've seen ! One can never have too many Chinese shoes !
 I love the look of these . I get nothing but compliments on them . I also have them in the tan flax color , and I used to have them in red . They 're inexpensive and really cute . I first started wearing them about 9 years ago , of course have had to replace them from time to time , but they are n't expensive , so I think that 's ok . I get approximately 3-4 summers of wear out of mine . However , they have NO arch support , so I put an insole in mine , that 's why they get 4 stars and not 5 . With that , I 'm comfortable enough to walk for miles-literally . I could n't get through summer without them .
 Been wearing this type of shoes for years ... however after I moved to GA was not able to find them ... thank you for having them ... I love them .
 this is the 2nd pair of this exact style of this shoe that I have bought and I LOVE them ! I bought a pair through a catalog about 10 years ago and was delighted to rediscover them on Amazon.com . They are comfy , affordable and go with everything from dresses to jeans . I plan to order several more pairs in different colors , but the black patterned silk are a timeless , classic design . I also have a purple velvet pair that are fun and beautiful . I * highly * recommend these shoes !
 I purchased these shoes as a gift for my mother . They are well made and fit great . I initially purchased the wrong size and had to return them . The return was hassle-free and the two phone calls I made were handled expeditiously . Very polite and helpful customer service reps. These shoes are cute , comfy , well made , and a good deal for the price .
 Clarks is the only shoe I buy . I 'm on my feet 8 to 10 hours a day and they are the most comfortable shoe . Even new , I do n't have to take another pair to work in case these will hurt my feet . The price was also great .
 I 'm extremely pleased with each aspect of this transaction , and with the product . Frequently , items are advertised through catalogs or newspaper ads , and fail to meet the expectations of the buyer . That was not the case with this pair of shoes . They were exactly as pictured , and exceeded my expectations . I liked the way I was able to view the shoe from every angle . That was clever advertising . The shape of the shoe is very becoming , and the heel is a perfect height . I highly recommend it .
 The shoes fit good and the price was excellent . Please continue to offer name brands for a good price .
 Several years ago I purchased a similiar pair of shoes in Chinatown in NYC and I loved them ! Apparently so did my dog , who lovingly chewed them to pieces . I 'm so glad I found this replacement pair . They arrived shortly after my order was placed and in the same condition as was pictured . I now have a new favorite pair of shoes -LRB- and a shoe rack that 's out of reach for my dog ! -RRB-
 I am very happy with the service and product provided by Natalies Cafe . My purchase was simple and the shoes I ordered were just as pictured . Inclosed was an 800 number to call if I had any questions which i found helpful . I will be shopping here again soon !
 I purchased these boots in the middle of January thinking I could use them this winter because I live in Colorado and often visit the mountains . When I received them I was disappointed because they were too small but I thought I would try them anyways . After about two days they started to stretch out and now I am in love with them !
 The Melissa shoe gives a perfect look to any outfit . The texture and the unusual varieties of colors this product gives can make any outfit seem like the best . The way the shoes shapes the foot and brings out your natural texture as well as the shoes color is awesome . No wonder this product is so popular among all teenage girls today . Melissa 's are a great shoe , it brings out the best in you and whatever you may wear .
 The boots live up to their description , they are very comfortable . And I got them in the mail a few days after I ordered them .
 the boots are comfy . . a little hard getting on and off and they look like wrestling shoes , but aside from that , they 're groovy .
 I 'm extremely pleased with each aspect of this transaction , and with the product . Frequently , items are advertised through catalogs or newspaper ads , and fail to meet the expectations of the buyer . That was not the case with this pair of shoes . They were exactly as pictured , and exceeded my expectations . I liked the way I was able to view the shoe from every angle . That was clever advertising . The shape of the shoe is very becoming , and the heel is a perfect height . I highly recommend it .
 The shoes fit good and the price was excellent . Please continue to offer name brands for a good price .
 My husband loves these shoes . I got him one in each color and they are long lasting and great quality . He wears dress shoes every day so having more than one pair really helps them last and last . They look great even after a year of wearing them in all weather . He will continue to wear these shoes as long as they are making them . He has had much more expensive shoes but did not like them as well nor did they last as well .
 I wear these everyday and I find them very comfortable . I have had them for almost a year and they are holding up pretty well . They have a bit of a funky texture on the upper and do n't take polish very well , but they are still very solid and look good .
 I 've been wearing this exact Executive Imperial Wingtip shoe for more than twenty years . They are extremely durable and still take a great shine for the entire life of the shoe . They break in quickly and run true to size .
 My 2 yr old enjoy this tennis shoe . He loves to try and tie them up . I like them because they are not hard to put on , and the fit very well . Stride Rite is all my babies wear , they make great shoes.ThanksT.GGarland Texas
 I am a Soldier out of country . There is no other way to get anything out here but via online shopping . Amazon has helped me alot in buying things for my relatives in the states and the Pacific Islands . This is the only website so far that i found that can stuff to the Micronesian Islands . I am so glad that I get to buy my sister her 5th Birthday present eventhough i can not be there.This is a great website .
 beautiful and comfortables , my husban was happy with this shoes , he is a Yankiee fan ...
 Took a bit longer than expected , but when the shoes did arrive they did not disappoint . Good quality and very comfortable , they look great too .
 My husband loves these shoes . I got him one in each color and they are long lasting and great quality . He wears dress shoes every day so having more than one pair really helps them last and last . They look great even after a year of wearing them in all weather . He will continue to wear these shoes as long as they are making them . He has had much more expensive shoes but did not like them as well nor did they last as well .
 I wear these everyday and I find them very comfortable . I have had them for almost a year and they are holding up pretty well . They have a bit of a funky texture on the upper and do n't take polish very well , but they are still very solid and look good .
 I 've been wearing this exact Executive Imperial Wingtip shoe for more than twenty years . They are extremely durable and still take a great shine for the entire life of the shoe . They break in quickly and run true to size .
 If every pair of shoes could be this comfortable .
 I found these to be a very good walking shoe . I am fairly big guy and would have liked a little more cushioning in the sole , but that was easily remedied with a new insole . I deducted one star due to the cushioning issue , but if you weigh under 200 lbs , that may not be an issue for you . The shoes certainly seem sturdy and are reasonably attractive . Shipping was very prompt . Reliably good Amazon product and service .
 They are a good fit , size and width were true . They are good looking shoes and lightweight . However , some of the seams are a little sharp and dig into my ankles , have to wear thick socks ! I think that this may be improving as they break in .
 Have been a believer in Rockport walking shoes for many years . These shoes do n't disappoint . Sizes are exactly as ordered . Beautiful styling and good for casual use as well as walking . Rockport has so far maintained good quality control . Excellent price for $ 75 .
 The service was very good , fast , and dependable . Rockport Walkers have been a favorite of mine for over 15 years . I would use this service again as I have the last three pairs .
 I like the shoe , except I did n't know it was n't the smooth leather I expected . It was also too big , even though I ordered size 9 's . It seem 's they were larger than 9 's , so I sent them back . I went with Reebok 's this time .
 I bought this shoe for my nursing clinicals since we are to have all white shoes . I am a big fan of Adidas originals . This shoe is very comfy , but very wide/fat . It has lots of side padding because it is really made to be a skate shoe . Very durable , easy to clean and comfy , what else can you ask for ?
 I love Addidas shoes . This style in particular . The fit is excellent . It 's comfortable . I did replace the insole , but do that with all tennis shoes anymore as the insoles are n't what they used to be .
 Great all around ... They are well made and -LRB- very important -RRB- `` true to size '' . The 2 sets of laces are unique and a nice touch . Great all around shoe . I 'm very pleased with my purchase .
 These shoes are so Comfortable , it has to have something to do with the double lacing , I dont know , but I highly recommend these !
 My daughter wears high tops all the time . Nice to find this neutral color . She enjoys the converse brand , they hold up well .
 BOUGHT THESE FOR MY SON . NOW ALL THE KIDS IN HIS CLASS WANT A PAIR . VERY STYLISH AND INEXPENSIVE . NOW I WANT A PAIR .
 Converse were the only shoes I could wear as a kid . Anything else fell apart in a matter of weeks . These ones were actually for my daughter to wear as a flower girl at a baseball themed wedding , but they 've been great shoes for her . Being white , they get dirty easily , but being converse , you can just throw them in the wash .
 Great prices , ca n't go worng with Chucks !! These are a classic pair , pair them with a spandex dress and blazer for a summer walk in the city ! LOVE !
 Got -LRB- the white -RRB- these for my 7 year old he loves them ... they are realy cute and they fit him realy nice ... Shoe is 100 % and he says they are very comfortable
 I ordered these shoes for a Christmas gift . They were the `` hit '' of Christmas day!Shipping took a bit longer than I anticipated due to the season , but they were exactly right !
 No problems and no complaints . My order was fine and the converses were excellent .
 i HAVE PURCHASED ANNIE PEANUT BEFORE AND THEY ARE THE MOST COMFORTABLE SHOES I OWN . I HAVE BEEN LOOKING FOR THE DENIM IN MY SIZE FOR AGES AND I FOUND THEM ON AMAZON , I SITE I ALSO HAVE USED MANY TIMES BEFORE . THEY ARE BOTH GREAT .
 These are my favorite shoes of all time . I first bought these in denim , and wore them out , so I ordered 2 more pairs . Now I have them in black and champagne . They are very comfortable and can be worn all day . I have given them as gifts to friends that love them too . I take these shoes everywhere and would highly recommend them !!!
 i am completely satisfied in the manner my order was delivered.the shoes are just as awesome as the advertisement showed them to be .
 I was a Keen fanatic buying five pairs of Keen 's Brooklyn mid boots , several pairs of shoes and sandals over a number of years . The Brooklyn boots looked great ; semi-formal , good colour , all leather uppers and lining with a rubber sole , light weight and with a very comfortable wide fitting , but Keen discontinued its excellent Brooklyn boot and without alerting prospective customers changed it 's previously wonderfully comfortable last into a longer narrower shape.Nowhere did Keen or Amazon post a photo so prospective buyers could see the unwelcome change.Previously very happy with Keen 's wide fitting footwear , I am disgusted with Keen 's misleading marketing tactics and will be buying no more Keen footwear
 I love this shoe because low boots are very prone to chafing but there is no chafing at all because the upper part of the boot is so well padded.Comfort
 Amazon Soccer Shoe PurchaseThe product was delivered as promised.It was appropriately delivered as described including the color and size .
 I play rugby in mine . I wore them in the shower the first day i got them , and i have never had blisters !
 Classic Boot . Handles great , quality construction . Really comfortable . I really like the simplicity of the style , not to much . Great traction on the pitch great ball control .
 This is my second pair of Copa Mundials . My first lasted for three years or six seasons as I played all through the year -LRB- all weather plus summer 7 a side games at lunch -RRB- . My first pair stretched over time and ultimately fell apart everywhere at the same time - so no apparent design or fabrication weakness was evident . They remained comfortable until the very end with only an insole replacement required at the end of every year.My second pair has arrived promptly and I slept in them last night much to the chagrin of my wife!A very comfortable , hard-wearing and light soccer shoe for training , games and kick a rounds . Ideal for soft to hard to harder turf surfaces but they also do quite well in the wet . If its too wet -LRB- ie standing water or a water logged field -RRB- I switch to my Adidas Predators -LRB- which are less comfortable and last for half the time ! -RRB- .
 I 've been using these Copas for twenty years . I 've got size 12.5 , AA feet . Hard to find cleats , no ? But these Copas are great . And the fact that , regardless of width , they 're going to stretch or mold to your feet because of the kangaroo leather means after a couple of times , your feet will be happy.This last pair , they just were perfect right off the bat . As I remember though , you do want to oil them if you 're getting them wet in the mud -LRB- dries out the leather -RRB- .
 Awesome cleats . Comfortable and Amazing . Price is good , I almost cheeped out to save $ 30 to buy another pair and I 'm so glad I did n't . I 'd recommend these cleats and plan to be a lifetime customer of the Copa 's .
 This was purchased as a Christmas gift . I have worn these shoes since I was 12 and would never buy a different kind of shoe . The gift was ontime for Christmas and the correct size was shipped .
 Shoes feel great right out of the box . I 've only had a couple of opportunities to wear them so far ... and I 'm very satisfied !
 This shoe is solid for what it is supposed to do . Very good feel and much more comfortable than many others purchased before . I have ' t had them long enough to evaluate their durability . I would definitely get a 1/2 size smaller than you normally would as mine were just a little larger than normal and all other reviews stated the shoes would stretch .
 Clear descriptions and options for purchasing . Very efficient , fast delivery and top quality goods - thank you !
 Cleats , turfs and flats , I will not wear anything but Copa mundials . These are the best cleats ever invented and you will not regret getting these ! They do not need to be broken in , they are so comfortable ! Call it old-school but they are the best cleats on the market .
 I would 've given this 5 stars but the sizing chart was wrong . I wear an 8 in womens so based off the charts a men 's 6.5 should work but the 6.5 is too big . I should 've gotten a 6 . Unfortunately it 's too late for me to return because I had to wear them for a game because I needed cleats . I 'll have to double or triple sock so my foot does n't slide too much.I used to wear Copa 's all through club , high school , and college futbol and I switched to some Adidas predators and bad decision ! Get these cleats and you wo n't be disappointed . But go to a local store and find try them on to find your size and then either buy in the store or online .
 Eran para u regalo y qede muy conforme con la compra . . La entrega fue m&aacute;s r&aacute;pida de lo esperado . . todo deacuerdo a la publicacion . . son increible
 Adidas has great cleats.I would not even try to use any other . I used adidas cleats since I was 8 . Nothing to say against this one . It is simply classic and one of the best cleats ever . Comfortable , durable and does jobwhat can you say about cleats more
 This is my 2nd pair of Copas . First lasted 4 years , playing on average 1-2 times per week . Most comfortable and longest lasting soccer boot . Also has round studs on the bottom which I find to be much better than the rectangular studs .
 They were , are and will be the best soccer shoes ever made to play soccer . I bought them from Venezuela and I 'm really satisfied with my purchase .
 lo mejor de lo mejor en zapatos de futbol a nivel mundial desde mucho tiempo atras y a superado el tiempo
 These cleats are the best . I did n't want to spend a lot of money on them since I do n't play competitively anymore but after too many seasons of blisters I went back to these . I love them , there 's a reason they 've been the go to clear for so many years .
 These are truly the best boots in the history of the game . The kangaroo leather has performed outstandingly and I strongly recommend them to anybody serious about their football . And no , being from Australia , I am not concerned about our native animal being used for sporting goods . Their overpopulation were slated to be culled and we even eat their meat!But back to the boots , they will give you incredible amounts of touch and control . The only problem I have with them are that they are more suited to people with narrow to normal feet . I have wide feet and although the leather has stretched to accommodate my feet well , the outer sole has not . If only Adidas would release a pair for wider feet , these boots would be getting 5 starts . And you should make sure they fit snugly to your feet , almost tight , because the leather will stretch a little.If only companies would produce boots of this quality , instead of releasing plastic garbage ...
 the reason why the Copa Mundial has been on the market for 25 + years is that it is the best soccer shoe available.The leather stays in fantastic shape , even when you ca n't find the time to mink-oil it . The shoe withstands all-weather conditions . I 've played in snow , blistering heat in the desert , rainstorms , mud , everything . These shoes recover nicely and have given me plenty of mileage.My first pair gave out on me after four or five full seasons playing year-round . The stitching around the sole of the shoe gave out on me . My next pair of Copas picked right up where the others left off -- no blisters on my feet or ankles . Like wearing a house slipper , which are what soccer shoes are supposed to feel like.I will only buy Copas as long as they are available .
 I have been playing soccer for 13 years at many different levels -LRB- rec , select , high school , and college -RRB- . I bought my first pair of copa 's 9 years ago . They are by far the best cleats around for under $ ... They have lasted me about 2 years for each pair . They offer superb ball control , grip , ball feel , and kick velocity . They are simply the only thing I will wear to play competitive soccer .
 This cleats are great . They are comfortable . Only thing you need to know is that the size is bigger than usual . If you wear a US9 usually , u need only to buy a US8 .
 After playing with these for the last two years , here are my thoughts : Suitable playing surface
 let me preface by saying that my previous shoes were $ 350 -LRB- I pre-ordered and received them the day they came out -RRB- bright orange , F50 prime , that weighed 5 oz each . COOL ! is what everybody thought about those rocket boots . I still love them even though they are all stretched and worn out after about a year of daily use . I also have my older F50 adizero chameleons -LRB- now cleaned up and for display -RRB- and those were more than double the price of the copa as well . Now , I still prefer the orange primes over my new copas when it is wet and muddy , because they are plastic they can be hosed off easily and forgotten about until needed again . I knew I needed to move away from F50s when they came out with the micoach computerized model . because I dislike micoach and it 's generally very-buggy software . -LRB- a former micoach pacer addict , here -RRB- . NOT HOT ... You need to take care of them . I tried the shower trick when they were new and treat them often about once a week at least with leatherfood from eurosport . Traction is slightly less . They do not run as fast . -LRB- if you have n't worn out several pairs of top line F50s then you will probably just say `` lame excuse , you just ca n't run as fast as you want to '' ... my 100m PR is 11s even and I can do a 5k in 16:50 -RRB- They just do n't feel as fast as the TOTL synthetics ; in football speed is n't everything.So the copa traction is not as good , the speed is not as good . They are more than double the weight . So ... what makes these shoes worthy of a 5 star review ??? SMOKING HOT ... here the magic of the copa comes in . Whatever hesitation I would have , that extra touch I always felt I needed before letting off a shot or pass , it 's gone . I am finally at the point where I can start learning juggling tricks . I 've been playing since I was 4 and up through HS of course , but about a year ago I really stepped up my game . I worked hard to get where I am , and I 'm not letting shoes take the credit for that . but I do think they help.Some day , adidas -LRB- and nike and friends -RRB- will figure out how to make a plastic shoe with better touch than K-leather . but that day has not yet come . You will be able to have your boot custom made exactly to your foot as precision-measured by a robot . but that day has not yet come . You will be able to print your own designs on your boots in any colour of the rainbow . but that day has not yet come . Everybody in the world will be able to afford a pair , and they will last forever . unless you want a new pair , and then the old boots will instantly turn into delicious cookies and beer . but that day has not yet come . Until that day comes I do n't see anything better than copas , for me.If you look in the dictionary under football cleat you will see a picture of adidas copa . I 'm no superstar ; I pay to play , I do n't get paid to play . I 'm like everybody who just wants to have fun on the field and if you are the same , you should at least consider your next shoes a pair of copas too.That being said , if you 've been wearing copas for the last four hundred years , and would never , ever , consider anything else , go out and try on the latest obscenely-expensive , all-synthetic , high-fashion boot . You may just be pleasantly surprised . At least enjoy modern technology once in a while . I will be buying another pair of F50s before long . I am simply addicted to the speed and the colours.P.S . Messi wears F50s , sure . but he wears very special leather F50s , not plastic ones . If I want to be like messi I will wear his shirt of which I have several . Not his latest adidas boot ...
 The moment you put them on ... they are broken in i.e. they do not give you blisters . They are light weight and they do not slide around on your foot and they are easy to `` cut '' with . Overall , these shoes are great and they seem to last a long time .
 My Copas died on me during a game today . The leather front tore away from the sole of my right shoe when I was making a sharp cut . It was a very sad day for me , as this pair of shoes has lasted me 15 years . I used them in my senior year of high school , during club and intramural games throughout college , and throughout several different intramural leagues wherever I lived over the years . They survived rain , mud , grass , and dirt . I have wide feet , and I remember thinking when I first bought them that they would n't last that long , since my wide feet would stretch out the leather too much . Boy was I wrong.I am now debating whether to just duct tape my right shoe or buy another pair . I will probably opt for the latter , but I still have no doubt that a duct-taped right Copa shoe would last longer and give you better playability than the average shoe on the market .
 I 've played soccer all my life and this is one of the best soccer shoes ever made . Very durable , very comfortable , soft leather , nice fit .
 The Adidas Copa Mundial is like titled the Toyota Camry of soccer cleats . It 's not the most reliable , not the most flashiest , surely not the most cheapest , but it does n't do anything bad . I have owned 2 pairs in my life , and got a combined 7 years out of the 2 . The cleat is very good depending on what type of style you play . If your a more english/european type who strikes long balls , and hard crosses , this is the perfect cleat for you . If your a more touch/on the ground type say from latin america , this might not be the best cleat for you , but is still decent . If your playing on smaller side fields , this may not be a good cleat , because your passes may need to be weighted softer , and in my experience , it is harder to make the ball slow or stop before it rolls out . The profile of the cleat is very good so that if you strike it from a good angle , the ball will not take an unnatural slice , unless you try to make it do so . All in all , it is quite worth the $ 99.99 that you pay for it . The only drawback , it only comes in the standard mostly black with white stripes adidas , no other colors .
 Great cleats , very comfortables , great price , very fast delivery . I play collegiate soccer and would not wear any other cleats .
 It 's market longevity and success pretty much speaks for itself . The cleat is comfortable and aids in `` touch '' in soccer or other applications of the shoe -LRB- If you would use them in football for a low cut alternative -RRB- . I had a pair of these when I was younger for soccer and eventually outgrew them , so I ordered another pair recently since 13M is somewhat hard to find in local sporting goods stores . Excellent shoe , good price with free shipping . If you are unsure about your actual size ; I suggest trying them on at a store since they can be considered somewhat narrow .
 These were purchased for my son and have not let us down . Kangaroo Leather combines with a design that has not changed in over 15 years . There is no break in and they last as good as any soccer shoe . There is a reason it is worn by many pros and college teams . You ca n't go wrong with the Copa .
 I bought this shoe for the first time about 20 years ago and it is still the best . I tried many others . It adjusts perfectly to the foot after a while , you can use on all grass terrain . And who would believe it
 Excellent product , I make a lot of comfort in playing soccer.I would recommend to my son and to my friends .
 A great boot . I 've been using the Copa Mudial for 15 + years . They last a long time , feel great and are just a classic .
 Reliable on the feet , soft Leather having a nice support and weight.great for running and very durable if maintained right .
 I had exchanged size 9 , the usual size , as they were just a little too big . Apart from that they 're great .
 These Copa 's were one of the first pairs of cleats I ever purchased , well over 20 years ago . Since then I have used many other cleats but decided to go back to my roots , as it were , and use them again . They are still great shoes - supple , simple , and effective .
 I thought that people no longer bought Copa Mundial . . but I was glad to see if for sale.It fits great right off the box . It is a no brainer purchase compare to the dozens of choices in the field ...
 comfortable , reliable , and it preforms . In today 's game , the classics are what stand out . Everyone is wearing neon green , pink , plastic shoes that will be popular for a month then fade . Oh and they cost $ 400 . This boot will never stop preforming and looking great .
 Extremely Great product and service . Service was a concern being far away and first time online puchase . But would strongly recomend these guys and these prodcuts as first choice.Best advice , Before buying from them is to check youre local store for shoe size , i was lucky enough becuase ive worn copas before and know the exact size.In high regardsGot Football
 My son wears these boots straight out of the box ! They are such a comfortable fit that he says they 're like putting on your slippers . It 's a classic style but it works - why change it . They are slightly larger in size than other Adidas boots but once you get the right size you 'll never change .
 These are just the greatest cleats ever made . Simple , yet so comfortable.Don ' t doubt it any longer , these are the ones .
 One of the few soccer shoes still made in Germany . Leather is very soft and shoes do n't need to be broken into . I 've been using this shoe for many years now .
 These are my 12 y.o son 's 2nd pair of these cleats . They are leather and stretch to his wide feet.Shipped FAST , just in time for a practice and his next game . He was very pleased . Paid shipping , tax and shipping that was less than going into a store and purchasing them . Definitely the way to go ! yay !
 These shoes are consistent - great fit , no break-in time , and decent wear . This is the third time I 've purchased them and have had no problems .
 My son likes these shoes , they are comfortable with soft leather . They look old school . I am surprised that soccer shoes have progressed with advanced in soles with arch supports . I have not seen any with them .
 It 's very soft and comfortable to your feet . I 'm a soccer referee and it game easier ...
 It 's really good product . I am very satisfied it . The only my problem is that its size is lttle bigger than I was expecting . For example , if you normally use 9,5 US size , I recommend you to buy 9 .
 My husband started playing soccer on Saturdays with some friends and he did n't have any soccer cleats so he used his old football cleats for months . I decided to look into soccer cleats and found these Adidas Copa Mundial 's . They were at a decent price , carried half sizes and had a few good reviews . I took a chance ; and when my husband tried them on , he absolutely loved them . And , of course , they were so much lighter than his football cleats . They fit him perfectly , they look great on him , and he says that they feel great.Thank you !
 I PLAY SOCCER EVERY DAY . THESE CLEATS ARE AMAZING . I SCORED TWO GOALS IN THE FIRST GAME I WORE THESE IN .
 Shoe aside this has been the worst Amazon experience ever . I have been buying shoes online for years never had a sizing issue . These shoes run 1 size larger than stated . Bought a size 11 for my son . Received them and they were about 1/2 inch too long in the toe . Checked the reviews thinking that maybe they run too big and my bad for not checking ahead of time . There was no concensus in the reviews for sizing.So , thinking that maybe somehow these were tagged incorrectly called Amazon -LRB- in the Phillipines , really annoying -RRB- and they nicely arranged for another pair to be sent to exchange all for free . No issue here . Got the next pair , same thing these shoes are larger than the listed size period.Still wanted these shoes so I went to my local sporting goods store with my son to size them in person . Sure enough a size 10 was perfect . I have not bought a size 10 for my son in 3 years.Finally , what irritated me the most was Amazon . I am sending back both pairs of size 11 for free which is great . One thing I did n't mention was that when I first bought these I received a $ 20 off promo . I called Amazon Phillipines again , because when I went to buy the size 10 from them I could n't get the $ 20 off . After spending 20 minutes on the phone with this guy it turns out the would n't give me the $ 20 off on the replacement pair.Was pretty disapointed on the discount situation and sizing issue .
 I needed a new pair of cleats so I asked around and heard these were pretty stellar boots . I was super excited when I bought these but when I finally got them I was really disappointed ... The cleats are probably great , but I got the wrong size . When I tried them on they seemed to fit alright but I thought they might be a little loose . Well , come to find out , they were really loose . I played in them and sprained my ankle and it still has n't healed . The shoe might be great but I ca n't really say because mine do n't fit and I ca n't return them . My advice
 ordered for first time using this siteitem delivered in time frame givengoods were as ordered and true to sizewould use them again great servicethanks pete australia
 My husband plays soccer and he will not buy soccer cleats other than this kind . He tends to wear them out every 2 years and then just rebuys the same kind . As far as soccer cleats go , I think these ones are the best .
 excelente envio , muy satisfecha con el trabajo , el pedido llego antes de la fecha estipulada , gracias , espero continuen trabajando de esa manera para seguir confiando en ustedes
 Great pair of boots . I buy one every year for my son who plays 5 days a week in them . They last longer that the pretty boots and give a better grip that the blaves on the harder grounds that we play on hrer .
 I wanted something that was nice quality and not flourescent or ghetto . This really was one of the only choices . Nice shoe . Great quality . Laces are really long .
 For years my two sons have not been able to find a soccer shoe that properly fits their feet.So we special order size 15 for one son and a size 12 1/2 for the other . Neither shoe can be bought in stores . A size 12 is too small and a size 13 is too big . My sons have been using Copas for several years now and will probably keep getting them as long as they can be purchased in their sizes .
 This is a time tested style that is mother approved -LRB- mother wore them in the '70s and '80s and was high scorer for years -RRB- . I now buy them online and will open my own shop for shoes once the boys grow out of all the sizes I have bought over the years .
 Es un excelente producto , se ajusta bien al pie y solo tengo una sugerencia , deben indicar el largo exacto del zapato para evitar que uno compre algo que le quede grande y asi no perder la compra
 There is a reason why a football shoe released in 1979 is still being sold in 2012 . The leather is soft and it took about 10 min to break in ... . Just kidding but you wo n't feel any discomfort . This is my first pair and I must say its the best shoe I have ever owned . Buy a 1/2 size smaller or go try them out in a store just to be sure .
 I ordered these soccer shoes , got them on time and really love them on the soccer field . Soccer has never been as pleasurable to play as when I have these Adidas . They are the perfect thing I had always looking for for outdoor games . Love them and the price is reasonable for the quality . I frankly used many soccer shoes before but I just never got shoes that please the eyes , feat the foot and are comfortable for all 90 minutes !
 These are great Soccer Cleats . One size less than my sneakers . They run a little large , and are comfortable even though I have wide feet .
 Very comfortable , no breaking in period . Slightly too big , but a new inner sole took up the extra space . This is my second pair . The first pair lasted 6 years . I 'm female , normally wear 7.5 wide in women 's , but I could n't find any women 's cleats that fit . These do the job .
 Since I was little -LRB- and they did n't make many women 's soccer shoes -RRB- , I 've been buying these . They are really nice and soft so there was no breaking in required . Heal was a bit hard so I put a heal pad in back which solved any blister problems . Do n't go a size up like when buying running shoes . You want these to fit snug ! I 'm a 9 womens and usually buy 9 1/2 running shoe . I bought these in Men 's 7 .
 this is the second time ive purchased cleats that cost over $ 55 . my first experience was with a $ 95 nike pair of cleats but I was not at all impressed . After getting suggestions from numerous people , I finally decided to give the copas a try . I went to a few shops to try on some pairs and after talking with shop owners and a handful of users , i decided to order a pair online . This cleat is the most comfortable cleat ive had on my feet . the Kangaroo leather is really soft and its just a testament to its history.That being said , make sure you try them on at a shop before ordering online . I decided to order online for $ 96 after shipping/tax compared to $ 120 not including tax at the store . You will hear from everyone that has any experience with copas that the kangaroo leather WILL stretch significantly so make sure you get a size that is a pretty tight fit in the store . Personally I ordered a half size down but after my first game with them on I had to step off the field for a second to retie/tighten both my cleats because they had gotten so loose . It seems to be fine now but looking back , i may have even go down ANOTHER half size when I purchase my next pair.from other users , if you play in the rain or get them wet , IMMEDIATELY after playing , stuff them with newspaper or they will soak up all the water.Again , expect it to stretch because it definitely WILL .
 Best cleats ever !! Kangaroo leather holds up and breathes better . Plastic hurts my daughters feet gives blisters . Copas give best feel with the ball .
 These are probably the second best boots I 've owned -LRB- out of @ 3 dozen -RRB- . I generally do n't like Adidas boots but I saw a lot of good reviews for the Adidas Copa Mundial.First , yes they are very confortable and fit really nice with ONE exception . I think they are too narrow . Not as narrow as Puma boots , but too narrow for my comfort . I did develop a little blister on each foot but that was becasue I did not give the shoes enough `` break-in '' time which you should always do . -LRB- PS I finally broke these in faster by wearing them in luke warm water for 20 minutes and then letting them dry on my feet . worked great -RRB- Second , the sole cushioning could be a little better . I do n't know if the cushioning on this boot is too hard or if it felt hard because of the narrowness of the boot . Either way , it could be worse.Overall , I really like this boot . It has great feel and fits like a glove .
 Very good soccer cleats . This is the first pair i buy and I 'm very happy with them . I read some prior reviews so i bought them a half size smaller and they fit perfectly with the thick socks that i use , if you do n't like thick socks i recommend yo buy one full size smaller . They took about two weeks to arrive but I 'm not considering that in this review .
 Put simply great boots . No fancy colors , plastics . Just a good boot with soft leather that moulds to the foot.There is a reason they have kept the design for so many years .
 The copa mundial has been the best selling soccer boot for the last 20 plus years . There is a reason for it . First , the styling is simple and elegant . Three white stripes and that it . My cleats have last over 10 years and then i bought the exact pair again . Why ? The comfort and fit . The Kangaroo skin leather stretches to molds to your foot for a permanent custom fit . Try them and you will become a believer . They are the gold standard of soccer boots .
 This shoe is a great shoe . very comfortable and feels great the first time you put it on . and then it only gets better.one of favorite cleats ever owned .
 You could spend $ 40 and be miserable and have absolutely NO TOUCH on the soccer ball . . or ... you could spend a little extra money and get the best all around soccer shoe on the planet . There 's a reason why year after year adidas NEVER changes this shoe ... It 's a classic and a must have for any real soccer player .
 Excelent ! , hard to football and soft to my feet XD ... great quality ass adidas always do , durable and exactly like my needs .
 to grip the ground very good , soft skin , hit the ball very stable . Only size is not competable with USA . According to Nike my shoes size is 9 but shoes size of Adidas is 8 . It is so difficult for me when I give online order . This shoes is strongly recomended ...
 Best shoes ever sold . Been wearing them since I was 14 , and will never change . Tried to get a trendy pair before , but was greatly disappointed . Shipping was really fast to my FPO address . Thank you .
 Worth the investment ... no more blisters like with the lower-end shoes ... High quality classic tried & true design , nice soft leather , great fit . Not a flashy pair of cleats but gets the job done . Great price at Amazon ... Arrived quickly , very satisfied .
 I can add little to the other - mostly - glowing reviews of this product . Notwithstanding what others have said , my view is that the cleat runs SLIGHTLY small , so you may need to add half a size to what you normally take.I referee rather than play , so admittedly do not subject tham to the same abuse as others might , but my first pair lasted several years , and to be honest , I am replacing them only because the leather became somewhat stiff - my fault for not treating them every so often .
 I did order it , but I made wrong size . Right now I want to buy it , how can I get the price like befor -LRB- $ 72.00 -RRB- ?
 The Adidas Copa Mundial is the BEST soccer cleat available , especially forthe price . It is not a fancy or colorful cleat but it does the job !
 I owned probably 5 pairs of the Kaisers -LRB- the calfskin version of the Copas , back when they existed -RRB- several years ago . I was a solid 12 , 12.5 back then . Now I 'm apparently an 11 , and my feet are the same size I 'm pretty sure . Just wanted to give people a heads-up , since unlike Zappos you do n't get free send-backs if you order the wrong size.Otherwise , a great cleat as always ! I 'm glad they still make these .
 The copa mundial has been the best selling soccer shoe for the last 20 plus years . There is a reason for it . First , the styling is simple and elegant . Three white stripes and that it . My cleats have last over 10 years and then i bought the exact pair again . Why ? The comfort and fit . The Kangaroo skin leather stretches to molds to your foot for a permanent custom fit . Try them and you will become a believer .
 I 've purchased several pairs of the cleats over the years . They 're very comfortable for how light they are . I like that they do n't flex too much on the bottom .
 I have been playing soccer for about 20 years now . I have been buying copa 's for the last 8 years . This is my 3rd pair . The leather is very soft and the grip on grass surfaces is excellent . Highyly recommend the shoes to anyone playing futbol
 I love these cleats . I just bought my third pair of them . I play an average of 2-3x a week in different leagues and pickup games and each pair has lasted 2-3 years . I keep buying them for a reason ; they are the best cleats I 've ever worn . Comfortable with great touch and durable enough that I do n't mind how often I need to replace them .
 I love Copa 's . This is my second pair of Copas . I looked EVERYWHERE and amazon.com has the best price by far . These are a great solid pair of soccer boots
 I so love the kangaroo leather.They fit like gloves.My feet do n't hurt even on the 1st day.Feels great touching and kicking the ball.This is my 4th pair since my high school days.These boots are the best so far .
 They are much more comfortable than my old cheap Adidas predator soccer cleats . Those were a waste of money . I was losing my faith in Adidas but with these cleats my faith came back . Do n't buy cheap cleats unless you have a lot of money to spend on a Chiropractic.I definitely recommend these cleats . They are not as expensive as other professional soccer cleats and perform very well in natural and artificial fields . I was reading that the Adidas Adipure were comfortable too , but let me tell you that these cleats have been the best selling cleats for so long for a reason .
 I 'm a big fan of Adidas soccer shoes and the Copa Mundials are classics . The shoes are great , light weight , and easily conform to my feet . I ca n't recommend them enough . I would n't wear anything else .
 Some of the other reviewers are stating that this shoe saw them through 3 years , 5 years and sometimes even 15 years . I must be much more demanding on my footwear since my pair of Copas went one year -LRB- almost to the day -RRB- before the leather on the right shoe split . To be fair , I previously had a few pairs of cheap Nike 's and those would live about 3 months.Regardless , this is still the best boot I 've tried and I 'm happily on my second pair now .
 I have had these shoes for over 8 years and they are very durable . The best part is they have a great feel on the ball for dribbling . These are some of the best i have ever owned .
 The Adidas Copa Mundial -LRB- Copa Mundial means World Cup in Spanish -RRB- initially came out in 1979 , but was designed for the 1982 FIFA World Cup games in Spain . I purchased my first pair of Copas two decades ago for $ 60 . Although the Copas have increased in price and have slightly changed since that time , I continue to wear this shoe for a number of reasons . The 100 % kangaroo leather upper is extremely comfortable and soft . I suggest buying the shoe a little snug and allowing the thin leather to stretch and mold to your foot . I also like the classic and humble look of the shoe . These shoes do n't draw attention to you like a lot of the ugly shoes on the market do today . They do allow you to use your skills to help your team to the best of your abilities . It should be noted that two years ago Adidas came out with a 25th anniversary package for the Copas . The limited-edition package included a bunch of extras -LRB- wooden shoe trees , a key chain , etc. -RRB- that I do not think are needed .
 I am on my seventh pair of Copa Mundials and I continue to be impressed . When you have a winning combination of looks , feel , and performance , you have no reason to change what you 're doing . Just be sure to buy a size and a half smaller than your normal sneaker size , as the kangaroo leather stretches to conform to your feet . Also , do no expect to get more than one season out of the shoes , unless you have a lot of duct tape handy !
 It 's good to have a company with experience in sports , this style will stick , it 's just great for those who are demanding in soccer . I personally , are my first pair , but have met my expectations . Zuela a fantastic , durable and suitable for any soccer field . The only problem that you do not at the front where the rivets will over time tend to break away a bit , which in the winter makes it adiera land and move off . but , considering the use that I gave in almost 5 months , have responded . I have used on average 4 times per week . recommend
 SportsBasement sells this great soccer-boot for under $ 100 -LRB- actually $ 95 -RRB- . So why bother with these `` preferred '' e-tailers ? I am heading there right now !
 hey i just got interested in soccer because my friends wanted me on the school team , well i said ok but i did n't think i would really have to go onto it . Well i needed cleats and they said these . Now i 've seen abunch of cleats and these look kewl and it 's a good price
 i HAVE PURCHASED ANNIE PEANUT BEFORE AND THEY ARE THE MOST COMFORTABLE SHOES I OWN . I HAVE BEEN LOOKING FOR THE DENIM IN MY SIZE FOR AGES AND I FOUND THEM ON AMAZON , I SITE I ALSO HAVE USED MANY TIMES BEFORE . THEY ARE BOTH GREAT .
 These are my favorite shoes of all time . I first bought these in denim , and wore them out , so I ordered 2 more pairs . Now I have them in black and champagne . They are very comfortable and can be worn all day . I have given them as gifts to friends that love them too . I take these shoes everywhere and would highly recommend them !!!
 i am completely satisfied in the manner my order was delivered.the shoes are just as awesome as the advertisement showed them to be .
 These are truly the best boots in the history of the game . The kangaroo leather has performed outstandingly and I strongly recommend them to anybody serious about their football . And no , being from Australia , I am not concerned about our native animal being used for sporting goods . Their overpopulation were slated to be culled and we even eat their meat!But back to the boots , they will give you incredible amounts of touch and control . The only problem I have with them are that they are more suited to people with narrow to normal feet . I have wide feet and although the leather has stretched to accommodate my feet well , the outer sole has not . If only Adidas would release a pair for wider feet , these boots would be getting 5 starts . And you should make sure they fit snugly to your feet , almost tight , because the leather will stretch a little.If only companies would produce boots of this quality , instead of releasing plastic garbage ...
 the reason why the Copa Mundial has been on the market for 25 + years is that it is the best soccer shoe available.The leather stays in fantastic shape , even when you ca n't find the time to mink-oil it . The shoe withstands all-weather conditions . I 've played in snow , blistering heat in the desert , rainstorms , mud , everything . These shoes recover nicely and have given me plenty of mileage.My first pair gave out on me after four or five full seasons playing year-round . The stitching around the sole of the shoe gave out on me . My next pair of Copas picked right up where the others left off -- no blisters on my feet or ankles . Like wearing a house slipper , which are what soccer shoes are supposed to feel like.I will only buy Copas as long as they are available .
 I have been playing soccer for 13 years at many different levels -LRB- rec , select , high school , and college -RRB- . I bought my first pair of copa 's 9 years ago . They are by far the best cleats around for under $ ... They have lasted me about 2 years for each pair . They offer superb ball control , grip , ball feel , and kick velocity . They are simply the only thing I will wear to play competitive soccer .
 This cleats are great . They are comfortable . Only thing you need to know is that the size is bigger than usual . If you wear a US9 usually , u need only to buy a US8 .
 After playing with these for the last two years , here are my thoughts : Suitable playing surface
 let me preface by saying that my previous shoes were $ 350 -LRB- I pre-ordered and received them the day they came out -RRB- bright orange , F50 prime , that weighed 5 oz each . COOL ! is what everybody thought about those rocket boots . I still love them even though they are all stretched and worn out after about a year of daily use . I also have my older F50 adizero chameleons -LRB- now cleaned up and for display -RRB- and those were more than double the price of the copa as well . Now , I still prefer the orange primes over my new copas when it is wet and muddy , because they are plastic they can be hosed off easily and forgotten about until needed again . I knew I needed to move away from F50s when they came out with the micoach computerized model . because I dislike micoach and it 's generally very-buggy software . -LRB- a former micoach pacer addict , here -RRB- . NOT HOT ... You need to take care of them . I tried the shower trick when they were new and treat them often about once a week at least with leatherfood from eurosport . Traction is slightly less . They do not run as fast . -LRB- if you have n't worn out several pairs of top line F50s then you will probably just say `` lame excuse , you just ca n't run as fast as you want to '' ... my 100m PR is 11s even and I can do a 5k in 16:50 -RRB- They just do n't feel as fast as the TOTL synthetics ; in football speed is n't everything.So the copa traction is not as good , the speed is not as good . They are more than double the weight . So ... what makes these shoes worthy of a 5 star review ??? SMOKING HOT ... here the magic of the copa comes in . Whatever hesitation I would have , that extra touch I always felt I needed before letting off a shot or pass , it 's gone . I am finally at the point where I can start learning juggling tricks . I 've been playing since I was 4 and up through HS of course , but about a year ago I really stepped up my game . I worked hard to get where I am , and I 'm not letting shoes take the credit for that . but I do think they help.Some day , adidas -LRB- and nike and friends -RRB- will figure out how to make a plastic shoe with better touch than K-leather . but that day has not yet come . You will be able to have your boot custom made exactly to your foot as precision-measured by a robot . but that day has not yet come . You will be able to print your own designs on your boots in any colour of the rainbow . but that day has not yet come . Everybody in the world will be able to afford a pair , and they will last forever . unless you want a new pair , and then the old boots will instantly turn into delicious cookies and beer . but that day has not yet come . Until that day comes I do n't see anything better than copas , for me.If you look in the dictionary under football cleat you will see a picture of adidas copa . I 'm no superstar ; I pay to play , I do n't get paid to play . I 'm like everybody who just wants to have fun on the field and if you are the same , you should at least consider your next shoes a pair of copas too.That being said , if you 've been wearing copas for the last four hundred years , and would never , ever , consider anything else , go out and try on the latest obscenely-expensive , all-synthetic , high-fashion boot . You may just be pleasantly surprised . At least enjoy modern technology once in a while . I will be buying another pair of F50s before long . I am simply addicted to the speed and the colours.P.S . Messi wears F50s , sure . but he wears very special leather F50s , not plastic ones . If I want to be like messi I will wear his shirt of which I have several . Not his latest adidas boot ...
 The moment you put them on ... they are broken in i.e. they do not give you blisters . They are light weight and they do not slide around on your foot and they are easy to `` cut '' with . Overall , these shoes are great and they seem to last a long time .
 My Copas died on me during a game today . The leather front tore away from the sole of my right shoe when I was making a sharp cut . It was a very sad day for me , as this pair of shoes has lasted me 15 years . I used them in my senior year of high school , during club and intramural games throughout college , and throughout several different intramural leagues wherever I lived over the years . They survived rain , mud , grass , and dirt . I have wide feet , and I remember thinking when I first bought them that they would n't last that long , since my wide feet would stretch out the leather too much . Boy was I wrong.I am now debating whether to just duct tape my right shoe or buy another pair . I will probably opt for the latter , but I still have no doubt that a duct-taped right Copa shoe would last longer and give you better playability than the average shoe on the market .
 I 've played soccer all my life and this is one of the best soccer shoes ever made . Very durable , very comfortable , soft leather , nice fit .
 Cleats , turfs and flats , I will not wear anything but Copa mundials . These are the best cleats ever invented and you will not regret getting these ! They do not need to be broken in , they are so comfortable ! Call it old-school but they are the best cleats on the market .
 I would 've given this 5 stars but the sizing chart was wrong . I wear an 8 in womens so based off the charts a men 's 6.5 should work but the 6.5 is too big . I should 've gotten a 6 . Unfortunately it 's too late for me to return because I had to wear them for a game because I needed cleats . I 'll have to double or triple sock so my foot does n't slide too much.I used to wear Copa 's all through club , high school , and college futbol and I switched to some Adidas predators and bad decision ! Get these cleats and you wo n't be disappointed . But go to a local store and find try them on to find your size and then either buy in the store or online .
 Eran para u regalo y qede muy conforme con la compra . . La entrega fue m&aacute;s r&aacute;pida de lo esperado . . todo deacuerdo a la publicacion . . son increible
 Adidas has great cleats.I would not even try to use any other . I used adidas cleats since I was 8 . Nothing to say against this one . It is simply classic and one of the best cleats ever . Comfortable , durable and does jobwhat can you say about cleats more
 This is my 2nd pair of Copas . First lasted 4 years , playing on average 1-2 times per week . Most comfortable and longest lasting soccer boot . Also has round studs on the bottom which I find to be much better than the rectangular studs .
 They were , are and will be the best soccer shoes ever made to play soccer . I bought them from Venezuela and I 'm really satisfied with my purchase .
 lo mejor de lo mejor en zapatos de futbol a nivel mundial desde mucho tiempo atras y a superado el tiempo
 These cleats are the best . I did n't want to spend a lot of money on them since I do n't play competitively anymore but after too many seasons of blisters I went back to these . I love them , there 's a reason they 've been the go to clear for so many years .
 Amazon Soccer Shoe PurchaseThe product was delivered as promised.It was appropriately delivered as described including the color and size .
 I play rugby in mine . I wore them in the shower the first day i got them , and i have never had blisters !
 Classic Boot . Handles great , quality construction . Really comfortable . I really like the simplicity of the style , not to much . Great traction on the pitch great ball control .
 This is my second pair of Copa Mundials . My first lasted for three years or six seasons as I played all through the year -LRB- all weather plus summer 7 a side games at lunch -RRB- . My first pair stretched over time and ultimately fell apart everywhere at the same time - so no apparent design or fabrication weakness was evident . They remained comfortable until the very end with only an insole replacement required at the end of every year.My second pair has arrived promptly and I slept in them last night much to the chagrin of my wife!A very comfortable , hard-wearing and light soccer shoe for training , games and kick a rounds . Ideal for soft to hard to harder turf surfaces but they also do quite well in the wet . If its too wet -LRB- ie standing water or a water logged field -RRB- I switch to my Adidas Predators -LRB- which are less comfortable and last for half the time ! -RRB- .
 I 've been using these Copas for twenty years . I 've got size 12.5 , AA feet . Hard to find cleats , no ? But these Copas are great . And the fact that , regardless of width , they 're going to stretch or mold to your feet because of the kangaroo leather means after a couple of times , your feet will be happy.This last pair , they just were perfect right off the bat . As I remember though , you do want to oil them if you 're getting them wet in the mud -LRB- dries out the leather -RRB- .
 Awesome cleats . Comfortable and Amazing . Price is good , I almost cheeped out to save $ 30 to buy another pair and I 'm so glad I did n't . I 'd recommend these cleats and plan to be a lifetime customer of the Copa 's .
 This was purchased as a Christmas gift . I have worn these shoes since I was 12 and would never buy a different kind of shoe . The gift was ontime for Christmas and the correct size was shipped .
 Shoes feel great right out of the box . I 've only had a couple of opportunities to wear them so far ... and I 'm very satisfied !
 This shoe is solid for what it is supposed to do . Very good feel and much more comfortable than many others purchased before . I have ' t had them long enough to evaluate their durability . I would definitely get a 1/2 size smaller than you normally would as mine were just a little larger than normal and all other reviews stated the shoes would stretch .
 Clear descriptions and options for purchasing . Very efficient , fast delivery and top quality goods - thank you !
 These Copa 's were one of the first pairs of cleats I ever purchased , well over 20 years ago . Since then I have used many other cleats but decided to go back to my roots , as it were , and use them again . They are still great shoes - supple , simple , and effective .
 I thought that people no longer bought Copa Mundial . . but I was glad to see if for sale.It fits great right off the box . It is a no brainer purchase compare to the dozens of choices in the field ...
 comfortable , reliable , and it preforms . In today 's game , the classics are what stand out . Everyone is wearing neon green , pink , plastic shoes that will be popular for a month then fade . Oh and they cost $ 400 . This boot will never stop preforming and looking great .
 Extremely Great product and service . Service was a concern being far away and first time online puchase . But would strongly recomend these guys and these prodcuts as first choice.Best advice , Before buying from them is to check youre local store for shoe size , i was lucky enough becuase ive worn copas before and know the exact size.In high regardsGot Football
 My son wears these boots straight out of the box ! They are such a comfortable fit that he says they 're like putting on your slippers . It 's a classic style but it works - why change it . They are slightly larger in size than other Adidas boots but once you get the right size you 'll never change .
 These are just the greatest cleats ever made . Simple , yet so comfortable.Don ' t doubt it any longer , these are the ones .
 One of the few soccer shoes still made in Germany . Leather is very soft and shoes do n't need to be broken into . I 've been using this shoe for many years now .
 These are my 12 y.o son 's 2nd pair of these cleats . They are leather and stretch to his wide feet.Shipped FAST , just in time for a practice and his next game . He was very pleased . Paid shipping , tax and shipping that was less than going into a store and purchasing them . Definitely the way to go ! yay !
 These shoes are consistent - great fit , no break-in time , and decent wear . This is the third time I 've purchased them and have had no problems .
 My son likes these shoes , they are comfortable with soft leather . They look old school . I am surprised that soccer shoes have progressed with advanced in soles with arch supports . I have not seen any with them .
 The Adidas Copa Mundial is like titled the Toyota Camry of soccer cleats . It 's not the most reliable , not the most flashiest , surely not the most cheapest , but it does n't do anything bad . I have owned 2 pairs in my life , and got a combined 7 years out of the 2 . The cleat is very good depending on what type of style you play . If your a more english/european type who strikes long balls , and hard crosses , this is the perfect cleat for you . If your a more touch/on the ground type say from latin america , this might not be the best cleat for you , but is still decent . If your playing on smaller side fields , this may not be a good cleat , because your passes may need to be weighted softer , and in my experience , it is harder to make the ball slow or stop before it rolls out . The profile of the cleat is very good so that if you strike it from a good angle , the ball will not take an unnatural slice , unless you try to make it do so . All in all , it is quite worth the $ 99.99 that you pay for it . The only drawback , it only comes in the standard mostly black with white stripes adidas , no other colors .
 Great cleats , very comfortables , great price , very fast delivery . I play collegiate soccer and would not wear any other cleats .
 It 's market longevity and success pretty much speaks for itself . The cleat is comfortable and aids in `` touch '' in soccer or other applications of the shoe -LRB- If you would use them in football for a low cut alternative -RRB- . I had a pair of these when I was younger for soccer and eventually outgrew them , so I ordered another pair recently since 13M is somewhat hard to find in local sporting goods stores . Excellent shoe , good price with free shipping . If you are unsure about your actual size ; I suggest trying them on at a store since they can be considered somewhat narrow .
 These were purchased for my son and have not let us down . Kangaroo Leather combines with a design that has not changed in over 15 years . There is no break in and they last as good as any soccer shoe . There is a reason it is worn by many pros and college teams . You ca n't go wrong with the Copa .
 I bought this shoe for the first time about 20 years ago and it is still the best . I tried many others . It adjusts perfectly to the foot after a while , you can use on all grass terrain . And who would believe it
 Excellent product , I make a lot of comfort in playing soccer.I would recommend to my son and to my friends .
 A great boot . I 've been using the Copa Mudial for 15 + years . They last a long time , feel great and are just a classic .
 Reliable on the feet , soft Leather having a nice support and weight.great for running and very durable if maintained right .
 I had exchanged size 9 , the usual size , as they were just a little too big . Apart from that they 're great .
 Since I was little -LRB- and they did n't make many women 's soccer shoes -RRB- , I 've been buying these . They are really nice and soft so there was no breaking in required . Heal was a bit hard so I put a heal pad in back which solved any blister problems . Do n't go a size up like when buying running shoes . You want these to fit snug ! I 'm a 9 womens and usually buy 9 1/2 running shoe . I bought these in Men 's 7 .
 this is the second time ive purchased cleats that cost over $ 55 . my first experience was with a $ 95 nike pair of cleats but I was not at all impressed . After getting suggestions from numerous people , I finally decided to give the copas a try . I went to a few shops to try on some pairs and after talking with shop owners and a handful of users , i decided to order a pair online . This cleat is the most comfortable cleat ive had on my feet . the Kangaroo leather is really soft and its just a testament to its history.That being said , make sure you try them on at a shop before ordering online . I decided to order online for $ 96 after shipping/tax compared to $ 120 not including tax at the store . You will hear from everyone that has any experience with copas that the kangaroo leather WILL stretch significantly so make sure you get a size that is a pretty tight fit in the store . Personally I ordered a half size down but after my first game with them on I had to step off the field for a second to retie/tighten both my cleats because they had gotten so loose . It seems to be fine now but looking back , i may have even go down ANOTHER half size when I purchase my next pair.from other users , if you play in the rain or get them wet , IMMEDIATELY after playing , stuff them with newspaper or they will soak up all the water.Again , expect it to stretch because it definitely WILL .
 Best cleats ever !! Kangaroo leather holds up and breathes better . Plastic hurts my daughters feet gives blisters . Copas give best feel with the ball .
 These are probably the second best boots I 've owned -LRB- out of @ 3 dozen -RRB- . I generally do n't like Adidas boots but I saw a lot of good reviews for the Adidas Copa Mundial.First , yes they are very confortable and fit really nice with ONE exception . I think they are too narrow . Not as narrow as Puma boots , but too narrow for my comfort . I did develop a little blister on each foot but that was becasue I did not give the shoes enough `` break-in '' time which you should always do . -LRB- PS I finally broke these in faster by wearing them in luke warm water for 20 minutes and then letting them dry on my feet . worked great -RRB- Second , the sole cushioning could be a little better . I do n't know if the cushioning on this boot is too hard or if it felt hard because of the narrowness of the boot . Either way , it could be worse.Overall , I really like this boot . It has great feel and fits like a glove .
 Very good soccer cleats . This is the first pair i buy and I 'm very happy with them . I read some prior reviews so i bought them a half size smaller and they fit perfectly with the thick socks that i use , if you do n't like thick socks i recommend yo buy one full size smaller . They took about two weeks to arrive but I 'm not considering that in this review .
 Put simply great boots . No fancy colors , plastics . Just a good boot with soft leather that moulds to the foot.There is a reason they have kept the design for so many years .
 The copa mundial has been the best selling soccer boot for the last 20 plus years . There is a reason for it . First , the styling is simple and elegant . Three white stripes and that it . My cleats have last over 10 years and then i bought the exact pair again . Why ? The comfort and fit . The Kangaroo skin leather stretches to molds to your foot for a permanent custom fit . Try them and you will become a believer . They are the gold standard of soccer boots .
 This shoe is a great shoe . very comfortable and feels great the first time you put it on . and then it only gets better.one of favorite cleats ever owned .
 You could spend $ 40 and be miserable and have absolutely NO TOUCH on the soccer ball . . or ... you could spend a little extra money and get the best all around soccer shoe on the planet . There 's a reason why year after year adidas NEVER changes this shoe ... It 's a classic and a must have for any real soccer player .
 Great pair of boots . I buy one every year for my son who plays 5 days a week in them . They last longer that the pretty boots and give a better grip that the blaves on the harder grounds that we play on hrer .
 I wanted something that was nice quality and not flourescent or ghetto . This really was one of the only choices . Nice shoe . Great quality . Laces are really long .
 For years my two sons have not been able to find a soccer shoe that properly fits their feet.So we special order size 15 for one son and a size 12 1/2 for the other . Neither shoe can be bought in stores . A size 12 is too small and a size 13 is too big . My sons have been using Copas for several years now and will probably keep getting them as long as they can be purchased in their sizes .
 This is a time tested style that is mother approved -LRB- mother wore them in the '70s and '80s and was high scorer for years -RRB- . I now buy them online and will open my own shop for shoes once the boys grow out of all the sizes I have bought over the years .
 Es un excelente producto , se ajusta bien al pie y solo tengo una sugerencia , deben indicar el largo exacto del zapato para evitar que uno compre algo que le quede grande y asi no perder la compra
 There is a reason why a football shoe released in 1979 is still being sold in 2012 . The leather is soft and it took about 10 min to break in ... . Just kidding but you wo n't feel any discomfort . This is my first pair and I must say its the best shoe I have ever owned . Buy a 1/2 size smaller or go try them out in a store just to be sure .
 I ordered these soccer shoes , got them on time and really love them on the soccer field . Soccer has never been as pleasurable to play as when I have these Adidas . They are the perfect thing I had always looking for for outdoor games . Love them and the price is reasonable for the quality . I frankly used many soccer shoes before but I just never got shoes that please the eyes , feat the foot and are comfortable for all 90 minutes !
 These are great Soccer Cleats . One size less than my sneakers . They run a little large , and are comfortable even though I have wide feet .
 Very comfortable , no breaking in period . Slightly too big , but a new inner sole took up the extra space . This is my second pair . The first pair lasted 6 years . I 'm female , normally wear 7.5 wide in women 's , but I could n't find any women 's cleats that fit . These do the job .
 It 's very soft and comfortable to your feet . I 'm a soccer referee and it game easier ...
 It 's really good product . I am very satisfied it . The only my problem is that its size is lttle bigger than I was expecting . For example , if you normally use 9,5 US size , I recommend you to buy 9 .
 My husband started playing soccer on Saturdays with some friends and he did n't have any soccer cleats so he used his old football cleats for months . I decided to look into soccer cleats and found these Adidas Copa Mundial 's . They were at a decent price , carried half sizes and had a few good reviews . I took a chance ; and when my husband tried them on , he absolutely loved them . And , of course , they were so much lighter than his football cleats . They fit him perfectly , they look great on him , and he says that they feel great.Thank you !
 I PLAY SOCCER EVERY DAY . THESE CLEATS ARE AMAZING . I SCORED TWO GOALS IN THE FIRST GAME I WORE THESE IN .
 Shoe aside this has been the worst Amazon experience ever . I have been buying shoes online for years never had a sizing issue . These shoes run 1 size larger than stated . Bought a size 11 for my son . Received them and they were about 1/2 inch too long in the toe . Checked the reviews thinking that maybe they run too big and my bad for not checking ahead of time . There was no concensus in the reviews for sizing.So , thinking that maybe somehow these were tagged incorrectly called Amazon -LRB- in the Phillipines , really annoying -RRB- and they nicely arranged for another pair to be sent to exchange all for free . No issue here . Got the next pair , same thing these shoes are larger than the listed size period.Still wanted these shoes so I went to my local sporting goods store with my son to size them in person . Sure enough a size 10 was perfect . I have not bought a size 10 for my son in 3 years.Finally , what irritated me the most was Amazon . I am sending back both pairs of size 11 for free which is great . One thing I did n't mention was that when I first bought these I received a $ 20 off promo . I called Amazon Phillipines again , because when I went to buy the size 10 from them I could n't get the $ 20 off . After spending 20 minutes on the phone with this guy it turns out the would n't give me the $ 20 off on the replacement pair.Was pretty disapointed on the discount situation and sizing issue .
 I needed a new pair of cleats so I asked around and heard these were pretty stellar boots . I was super excited when I bought these but when I finally got them I was really disappointed ... The cleats are probably great , but I got the wrong size . When I tried them on they seemed to fit alright but I thought they might be a little loose . Well , come to find out , they were really loose . I played in them and sprained my ankle and it still has n't healed . The shoe might be great but I ca n't really say because mine do n't fit and I ca n't return them . My advice
 ordered for first time using this siteitem delivered in time frame givengoods were as ordered and true to sizewould use them again great servicethanks pete australia
 My husband plays soccer and he will not buy soccer cleats other than this kind . He tends to wear them out every 2 years and then just rebuys the same kind . As far as soccer cleats go , I think these ones are the best .
 excelente envio , muy satisfecha con el trabajo , el pedido llego antes de la fecha estipulada , gracias , espero continuen trabajando de esa manera para seguir confiando en ustedes
 It 's good to have a company with experience in sports , this style will stick , it 's just great for those who are demanding in soccer . I personally , are my first pair , but have met my expectations . Zuela a fantastic , durable and suitable for any soccer field . The only problem that you do not at the front where the rivets will over time tend to break away a bit , which in the winter makes it adiera land and move off . but , considering the use that I gave in almost 5 months , have responded . I have used on average 4 times per week . recommend
 SportsBasement sells this great soccer-boot for under $ 100 -LRB- actually $ 95 -RRB- . So why bother with these `` preferred '' e-tailers ? I am heading there right now !
 hey i just got interested in soccer because my friends wanted me on the school team , well i said ok but i did n't think i would really have to go onto it . Well i needed cleats and they said these . Now i 've seen abunch of cleats and these look kewl and it 's a good price
 I have been playing soccer for about 20 years now . I have been buying copa 's for the last 8 years . This is my 3rd pair . The leather is very soft and the grip on grass surfaces is excellent . Highyly recommend the shoes to anyone playing futbol
 I love these cleats . I just bought my third pair of them . I play an average of 2-3x a week in different leagues and pickup games and each pair has lasted 2-3 years . I keep buying them for a reason ; they are the best cleats I 've ever worn . Comfortable with great touch and durable enough that I do n't mind how often I need to replace them .
 I love Copa 's . This is my second pair of Copas . I looked EVERYWHERE and amazon.com has the best price by far . These are a great solid pair of soccer boots
 I so love the kangaroo leather.They fit like gloves.My feet do n't hurt even on the 1st day.Feels great touching and kicking the ball.This is my 4th pair since my high school days.These boots are the best so far .
 They are much more comfortable than my old cheap Adidas predator soccer cleats . Those were a waste of money . I was losing my faith in Adidas but with these cleats my faith came back . Do n't buy cheap cleats unless you have a lot of money to spend on a Chiropractic.I definitely recommend these cleats . They are not as expensive as other professional soccer cleats and perform very well in natural and artificial fields . I was reading that the Adidas Adipure were comfortable too , but let me tell you that these cleats have been the best selling cleats for so long for a reason .
 I 'm a big fan of Adidas soccer shoes and the Copa Mundials are classics . The shoes are great , light weight , and easily conform to my feet . I ca n't recommend them enough . I would n't wear anything else .
 Some of the other reviewers are stating that this shoe saw them through 3 years , 5 years and sometimes even 15 years . I must be much more demanding on my footwear since my pair of Copas went one year -LRB- almost to the day -RRB- before the leather on the right shoe split . To be fair , I previously had a few pairs of cheap Nike 's and those would live about 3 months.Regardless , this is still the best boot I 've tried and I 'm happily on my second pair now .
 I have had these shoes for over 8 years and they are very durable . The best part is they have a great feel on the ball for dribbling . These are some of the best i have ever owned .
 The Adidas Copa Mundial -LRB- Copa Mundial means World Cup in Spanish -RRB- initially came out in 1979 , but was designed for the 1982 FIFA World Cup games in Spain . I purchased my first pair of Copas two decades ago for $ 60 . Although the Copas have increased in price and have slightly changed since that time , I continue to wear this shoe for a number of reasons . The 100 % kangaroo leather upper is extremely comfortable and soft . I suggest buying the shoe a little snug and allowing the thin leather to stretch and mold to your foot . I also like the classic and humble look of the shoe . These shoes do n't draw attention to you like a lot of the ugly shoes on the market do today . They do allow you to use your skills to help your team to the best of your abilities . It should be noted that two years ago Adidas came out with a 25th anniversary package for the Copas . The limited-edition package included a bunch of extras -LRB- wooden shoe trees , a key chain , etc. -RRB- that I do not think are needed .
 I am on my seventh pair of Copa Mundials and I continue to be impressed . When you have a winning combination of looks , feel , and performance , you have no reason to change what you 're doing . Just be sure to buy a size and a half smaller than your normal sneaker size , as the kangaroo leather stretches to conform to your feet . Also , do no expect to get more than one season out of the shoes , unless you have a lot of duct tape handy !
 Excelent ! , hard to football and soft to my feet XD ... great quality ass adidas always do , durable and exactly like my needs .
 to grip the ground very good , soft skin , hit the ball very stable . Only size is not competable with USA . According to Nike my shoes size is 9 but shoes size of Adidas is 8 . It is so difficult for me when I give online order . This shoes is strongly recomended ...
 Best shoes ever sold . Been wearing them since I was 14 , and will never change . Tried to get a trendy pair before , but was greatly disappointed . Shipping was really fast to my FPO address . Thank you .
 Worth the investment ... no more blisters like with the lower-end shoes ... High quality classic tried & true design , nice soft leather , great fit . Not a flashy pair of cleats but gets the job done . Great price at Amazon ... Arrived quickly , very satisfied .
 I can add little to the other - mostly - glowing reviews of this product . Notwithstanding what others have said , my view is that the cleat runs SLIGHTLY small , so you may need to add half a size to what you normally take.I referee rather than play , so admittedly do not subject tham to the same abuse as others might , but my first pair lasted several years , and to be honest , I am replacing them only because the leather became somewhat stiff - my fault for not treating them every so often .
 I did order it , but I made wrong size . Right now I want to buy it , how can I get the price like befor -LRB- $ 72.00 -RRB- ?
 The Adidas Copa Mundial is the BEST soccer cleat available , especially forthe price . It is not a fancy or colorful cleat but it does the job !
 I owned probably 5 pairs of the Kaisers -LRB- the calfskin version of the Copas , back when they existed -RRB- several years ago . I was a solid 12 , 12.5 back then . Now I 'm apparently an 11 , and my feet are the same size I 'm pretty sure . Just wanted to give people a heads-up , since unlike Zappos you do n't get free send-backs if you order the wrong size.Otherwise , a great cleat as always ! I 'm glad they still make these .
 The copa mundial has been the best selling soccer shoe for the last 20 plus years . There is a reason for it . First , the styling is simple and elegant . Three white stripes and that it . My cleats have last over 10 years and then i bought the exact pair again . Why ? The comfort and fit . The Kangaroo skin leather stretches to molds to your foot for a permanent custom fit . Try them and you will become a believer .
 I 've purchased several pairs of the cleats over the years . They 're very comfortable for how light they are . I like that they do n't flex too much on the bottom .
 I am pregnant and these shoes are just what every pregnant lady needs ! They are so comfortable and versitile . I bought them in both colors because you seriously ca n't beat this price !
 These are GREAT ! I could n't find a better price either . They are comfortable and perfect . . hope you get a pair for yourself !
 I really like the shoes . I have always hear they were good , but never but them . So now that I own one a pair I 'm really happy with my purchase . They are really confortable , they look very nice and they have a very good price .
 These shoes are my new favorite shoes ! I have hardly worn any other pair of shoes since I bought these . They are so comfortable . They have been holding up the everyday wear quite well too .
 I 've been looking to purchase these for a while , and found them to be $ 125 at most places . If you love birkenstock clogs , you 'll love these . True to size . More narrow than birkenstock boston clogs .
 I love them ! The fit is perferct , as with all Birkenstock shoes . And they are a little more stylish than many of them . Plus , the price!Very well manufactured.Absolutely recommend them.Note
 This is a `` narrow '' in Birkenstock speak , but I 've got a wide foot and it still works for me . What a bargain ! This is a full coverage clog in great quality suede , and usually around $ 130 in stores.Generally , Birks are the most comfortable shoe I can wear - with wide flat feet , most North American sizes are too narrow . With the contoured footbed , I get an arch support and heel cup which actually supports my foot without trying to contort it to someone else 's foot shape.I am very , very psyched to have found this on Amazon . Please bring more !
 I 'm extremely pleased with my purchase too . The shoe feels good and not to mention I saved 70.00 by purchasing from Amazon .
 I am extremely pleased with my purchase . Amazing form and comfort . Classy look . Fantastic price . Waiting for more colors.Kimberly C HarperAtlanta , Ga. .
 What can I say other than Birkenstock makes the most comfortable shoe on the planet .
 The only words that I can say are wonderful ! The savings were great . I own several pairs of birkenstocks and they 're not cheap , however they are quality shoes that last . You get what you pay for . Being a health acre provider these are the only shoes that I have found that last . Knowing that it prompted me to start wearing them for everyday wear also .
 This was a fabulous purchase , great product and the price was the best I could possibly have found after hours of research . Thanks so much !
 I have had 1 pair of Birkenstocks before that required a bit of `` foot shaping break-in time '' . These were comfortable from the first time they were put on and remain comfortable all day long . They were well worth the money .
 These are the only shoes I wear so I bough tthem for my daughter . They are so comfortable
 Thanks for selling such a great product ... ON SALE !! The shipping was super !!! The fit and comfort are wonderful ! The foot bed is similar to the Arizona sandals , which is softer than most Birks .
 Birkenstocks are always great for your feet , and these shoes are stylish enough to wear with jeans or khakis . The buckled band dresses these up a little more than the Bostons I usually wear , and the cork footbed is just as comfy as you 'd expect . I wear mine all the time - in fact , I have them on right now in lieu of houseshoes ! I totally recommend these , especially at this great price !
 I received the shoe quickly . The item received was just as described and I could not be happier for the great savings in price.I will continue to shop for other birkenstock values on amazon !
 The Eaton Clog is just as I 'd hoped . I have fibromyalgia and depend on the Birkenstock shoes to keep me from having leg and hip pain . The Eaton is nice looking & was totally comfortable even the first day I wore them -LRB- shopping ! -RRB- . I like ordering over the net & the order arrived very quickly .
 Comfortable but a little stiff feeling . Maybe this will get better as I wear them more .
 I find Birkenstocks to be the most comfortable shoes , so I guess that 's why I 've been wearing the brand for so many years . I 'm talking about the originals and not the secondary brands . This style is more sleek than the others I have and they are equally as comfortable . I would almost describe the style as preppy and ironically , it works . Great price if Amazon has these in your size .
 I am satisfied with the purchase and price was unbeliavable . Thinking of ordering another pair .
 I love my Birkenstock shoes . They fill great . I am a registered nurse . I am on my feet constantly all day . These shoes are great for the support my feet need . They are really comfortable . I will definately be purchasing more in the near future .
 Very cute - more slim fitting than past Birks . A little stiff , but I 'm sure they will be very comfy in no time . i wear a size 7 - 7 1/2 - i ordered a 37 -LRB- what i usually wear in both Danskos and Birkenstocks -RRB- and they fit perfectly . very happy . they came in 2 days .
 OK , So everyone knows Brikenstock shoes are good for your feet , especially sore tired at the end of the day achy feet . But when you have foot problems like I do - you really need to have several pairs around . For the rest of you - these shoes are great to put on after you kick your work shoes off . So much better than going bare foot !! I like these becuase they look dressy and sharp and not so hippy-ish like most of their sandals do.Even thought they are closed around the toes - they are still airy.I love Birks . I bought a pair for me and my daughter . A word of advice though . Try them on in a store first . Some Birk shoe lines - like these from their original line - have a high toe bar - the ridge under your toes on the inside sole . They may be too uncomfortable at first for some . After experience using these - you learn they help your toes grip the shoe as you walk.I only gave a 4 becuase I keep wishing Birkenstock would offer more shoes with their cushion over the cork foot bed . Those are so wonderful . But honestly I have no problem with the hardnes of these becuase it cups your foot and feels good.I think they look smart enough to wear a lot of places . Since I do not wear heels - these were a good shoe at a great price !!!
 I 've worn these at work for over a year -LRB- intermittently ! -RRB- and absolutely love them . The strap / buckle dresses them up enough to be worn with nicer trouser pants . Incredibly comfortable after an initial break-in period of a few weeks . My other shoes have been neglected , unfortunately . My only complaint is ... yes , they do start to smell after a few months , probably because of the porous suede footbed and upper . Best remedy I 've heard is to put them in the freezer overnight when needed .
 I have wanted these shoes for a long time , but waited until I could get them for an amazing price at amazon . Comfortable as all birks are and much more tailored looking than the basic Boston clog . Love it !
 These are the same classic Birkenstocks that everyone adores . The difference is a more appealing style . Birkenstocks can be worn out of the box . Their fundamental footbed restores abused feet !
 Birks are the only type of shoes I can wear and my heel spurs do n't bother me .
 I use birkenstocks all the time , and finding this pair for my mom was wonderful . I always get her something nice for Mother 's day , but she loves these shoes so much that she now wants them in tan . I got her a black pair . She wears them all the time , But she has to match . I urge people to try Birkenstocks , they make back and foot problems disappear .
 I love Birkenstock and at this price , I just could n't let it pass ! They are so comfortable . I 'm wearing them right now !
 this is the best clog I 've ever worn . very comfortable , fit true to size , also very chic and the most important one is the sale price :-RRB- catch it before it 's gone .
 I love Birkenstocks and when I saw the Eaton Clog at such a low price , well , say no more . Once you know your size , you can buy Birkenstocks from anywhere . I just never expected to find them on amazon.com . They 're a little dressier style than my usual Bostons and I just love them .
 Fue una muy buena compra , excelente calidad , tallas ideales , lindos dise & ntilde ; os actuales . Recomiendo a todoas a comprar este producto , se llevar&aacute;n una buena sorpresa y le encantar&aacute; si es un regalo para alguien .
 I love these shoes ! They are comfortable and stylish . I have gotten nothing but great complements from them . Well worth the money !
 This is a great shoe ... . Very comfortable and well made ... . Has a European look and great fit ... . For the money you ca n't go wrong ...
 This shoe is awesome . Well built and very comfortable . The lacing system is a bit flaky as you do not want to tighten your shoe to much fear of ripping the inside eyelets . Delivery was super fast and hassle free . Make sure you put on a leather protector .
 It 's very soft and comfortable to your feet . I 'm a soccer referee and it game easier ...
 It 's really good product . I am very satisfied it . The only my problem is that its size is lttle bigger than I was expecting . For example , if you normally use 9,5 US size , I recommend you to buy 9 .
 My husband started playing soccer on Saturdays with some friends and he did n't have any soccer cleats so he used his old football cleats for months . I decided to look into soccer cleats and found these Adidas Copa Mundial 's . They were at a decent price , carried half sizes and had a few good reviews . I took a chance ; and when my husband tried them on , he absolutely loved them . And , of course , they were so much lighter than his football cleats . They fit him perfectly , they look great on him , and he says that they feel great.Thank you !
 I PLAY SOCCER EVERY DAY . THESE CLEATS ARE AMAZING . I SCORED TWO GOALS IN THE FIRST GAME I WORE THESE IN .
 Shoe aside this has been the worst Amazon experience ever . I have been buying shoes online for years never had a sizing issue . These shoes run 1 size larger than stated . Bought a size 11 for my son . Received them and they were about 1/2 inch too long in the toe . Checked the reviews thinking that maybe they run too big and my bad for not checking ahead of time . There was no concensus in the reviews for sizing.So , thinking that maybe somehow these were tagged incorrectly called Amazon -LRB- in the Phillipines , really annoying -RRB- and they nicely arranged for another pair to be sent to exchange all for free . No issue here . Got the next pair , same thing these shoes are larger than the listed size period.Still wanted these shoes so I went to my local sporting goods store with my son to size them in person . Sure enough a size 10 was perfect . I have not bought a size 10 for my son in 3 years.Finally , what irritated me the most was Amazon . I am sending back both pairs of size 11 for free which is great . One thing I did n't mention was that when I first bought these I received a $ 20 off promo . I called Amazon Phillipines again , because when I went to buy the size 10 from them I could n't get the $ 20 off . After spending 20 minutes on the phone with this guy it turns out the would n't give me the $ 20 off on the replacement pair.Was pretty disapointed on the discount situation and sizing issue .
 I needed a new pair of cleats so I asked around and heard these were pretty stellar boots . I was super excited when I bought these but when I finally got them I was really disappointed ... The cleats are probably great , but I got the wrong size . When I tried them on they seemed to fit alright but I thought they might be a little loose . Well , come to find out , they were really loose . I played in them and sprained my ankle and it still has n't healed . The shoe might be great but I ca n't really say because mine do n't fit and I ca n't return them . My advice
 ordered for first time using this siteitem delivered in time frame givengoods were as ordered and true to sizewould use them again great servicethanks pete australia
 My husband plays soccer and he will not buy soccer cleats other than this kind . He tends to wear them out every 2 years and then just rebuys the same kind . As far as soccer cleats go , I think these ones are the best .
 excelente envio , muy satisfecha con el trabajo , el pedido llego antes de la fecha estipulada , gracias , espero continuen trabajando de esa manera para seguir confiando en ustedes
 Since I was little -LRB- and they did n't make many women 's soccer shoes -RRB- , I 've been buying these . They are really nice and soft so there was no breaking in required . Heal was a bit hard so I put a heal pad in back which solved any blister problems . Do n't go a size up like when buying running shoes . You want these to fit snug ! I 'm a 9 womens and usually buy 9 1/2 running shoe . I bought these in Men 's 7 .
 this is the second time ive purchased cleats that cost over $ 55 . my first experience was with a $ 95 nike pair of cleats but I was not at all impressed . After getting suggestions from numerous people , I finally decided to give the copas a try . I went to a few shops to try on some pairs and after talking with shop owners and a handful of users , i decided to order a pair online . This cleat is the most comfortable cleat ive had on my feet . the Kangaroo leather is really soft and its just a testament to its history.That being said , make sure you try them on at a shop before ordering online . I decided to order online for $ 96 after shipping/tax compared to $ 120 not including tax at the store . You will hear from everyone that has any experience with copas that the kangaroo leather WILL stretch significantly so make sure you get a size that is a pretty tight fit in the store . Personally I ordered a half size down but after my first game with them on I had to step off the field for a second to retie/tighten both my cleats because they had gotten so loose . It seems to be fine now but looking back , i may have even go down ANOTHER half size when I purchase my next pair.from other users , if you play in the rain or get them wet , IMMEDIATELY after playing , stuff them with newspaper or they will soak up all the water.Again , expect it to stretch because it definitely WILL .
 Best cleats ever !! Kangaroo leather holds up and breathes better . Plastic hurts my daughters feet gives blisters . Copas give best feel with the ball .
 These are probably the second best boots I 've owned -LRB- out of @ 3 dozen -RRB- . I generally do n't like Adidas boots but I saw a lot of good reviews for the Adidas Copa Mundial.First , yes they are very confortable and fit really nice with ONE exception . I think they are too narrow . Not as narrow as Puma boots , but too narrow for my comfort . I did develop a little blister on each foot but that was becasue I did not give the shoes enough `` break-in '' time which you should always do . -LRB- PS I finally broke these in faster by wearing them in luke warm water for 20 minutes and then letting them dry on my feet . worked great -RRB- Second , the sole cushioning could be a little better . I do n't know if the cushioning on this boot is too hard or if it felt hard because of the narrowness of the boot . Either way , it could be worse.Overall , I really like this boot . It has great feel and fits like a glove .
 Very good soccer cleats . This is the first pair i buy and I 'm very happy with them . I read some prior reviews so i bought them a half size smaller and they fit perfectly with the thick socks that i use , if you do n't like thick socks i recommend yo buy one full size smaller . They took about two weeks to arrive but I 'm not considering that in this review .
 Put simply great boots . No fancy colors , plastics . Just a good boot with soft leather that moulds to the foot.There is a reason they have kept the design for so many years .
 The copa mundial has been the best selling soccer boot for the last 20 plus years . There is a reason for it . First , the styling is simple and elegant . Three white stripes and that it . My cleats have last over 10 years and then i bought the exact pair again . Why ? The comfort and fit . The Kangaroo skin leather stretches to molds to your foot for a permanent custom fit . Try them and you will become a believer . They are the gold standard of soccer boots .
 This shoe is a great shoe . very comfortable and feels great the first time you put it on . and then it only gets better.one of favorite cleats ever owned .
 You could spend $ 40 and be miserable and have absolutely NO TOUCH on the soccer ball . . or ... you could spend a little extra money and get the best all around soccer shoe on the planet . There 's a reason why year after year adidas NEVER changes this shoe ... It 's a classic and a must have for any real soccer player .
 Great pair of boots . I buy one every year for my son who plays 5 days a week in them . They last longer that the pretty boots and give a better grip that the blaves on the harder grounds that we play on hrer .
 I wanted something that was nice quality and not flourescent or ghetto . This really was one of the only choices . Nice shoe . Great quality . Laces are really long .
 For years my two sons have not been able to find a soccer shoe that properly fits their feet.So we special order size 15 for one son and a size 12 1/2 for the other . Neither shoe can be bought in stores . A size 12 is too small and a size 13 is too big . My sons have been using Copas for several years now and will probably keep getting them as long as they can be purchased in their sizes .
 This is a time tested style that is mother approved -LRB- mother wore them in the '70s and '80s and was high scorer for years -RRB- . I now buy them online and will open my own shop for shoes once the boys grow out of all the sizes I have bought over the years .
 Es un excelente producto , se ajusta bien al pie y solo tengo una sugerencia , deben indicar el largo exacto del zapato para evitar que uno compre algo que le quede grande y asi no perder la compra
 There is a reason why a football shoe released in 1979 is still being sold in 2012 . The leather is soft and it took about 10 min to break in ... . Just kidding but you wo n't feel any discomfort . This is my first pair and I must say its the best shoe I have ever owned . Buy a 1/2 size smaller or go try them out in a store just to be sure .
 I ordered these soccer shoes , got them on time and really love them on the soccer field . Soccer has never been as pleasurable to play as when I have these Adidas . They are the perfect thing I had always looking for for outdoor games . Love them and the price is reasonable for the quality . I frankly used many soccer shoes before but I just never got shoes that please the eyes , feat the foot and are comfortable for all 90 minutes !
 These are great Soccer Cleats . One size less than my sneakers . They run a little large , and are comfortable even though I have wide feet .
 Very comfortable , no breaking in period . Slightly too big , but a new inner sole took up the extra space . This is my second pair . The first pair lasted 6 years . I 'm female , normally wear 7.5 wide in women 's , but I could n't find any women 's cleats that fit . These do the job .
 It 's good to have a company with experience in sports , this style will stick , it 's just great for those who are demanding in soccer . I personally , are my first pair , but have met my expectations . Zuela a fantastic , durable and suitable for any soccer field . The only problem that you do not at the front where the rivets will over time tend to break away a bit , which in the winter makes it adiera land and move off . but , considering the use that I gave in almost 5 months , have responded . I have used on average 4 times per week . recommend
 SportsBasement sells this great soccer-boot for under $ 100 -LRB- actually $ 95 -RRB- . So why bother with these `` preferred '' e-tailers ? I am heading there right now !
 hey i just got interested in soccer because my friends wanted me on the school team , well i said ok but i did n't think i would really have to go onto it . Well i needed cleats and they said these . Now i 've seen abunch of cleats and these look kewl and it 's a good price
 I have been playing soccer for about 20 years now . I have been buying copa 's for the last 8 years . This is my 3rd pair . The leather is very soft and the grip on grass surfaces is excellent . Highyly recommend the shoes to anyone playing futbol
 I love these cleats . I just bought my third pair of them . I play an average of 2-3x a week in different leagues and pickup games and each pair has lasted 2-3 years . I keep buying them for a reason ; they are the best cleats I 've ever worn . Comfortable with great touch and durable enough that I do n't mind how often I need to replace them .
 I love Copa 's . This is my second pair of Copas . I looked EVERYWHERE and amazon.com has the best price by far . These are a great solid pair of soccer boots
 I so love the kangaroo leather.They fit like gloves.My feet do n't hurt even on the 1st day.Feels great touching and kicking the ball.This is my 4th pair since my high school days.These boots are the best so far .
 They are much more comfortable than my old cheap Adidas predator soccer cleats . Those were a waste of money . I was losing my faith in Adidas but with these cleats my faith came back . Do n't buy cheap cleats unless you have a lot of money to spend on a Chiropractic.I definitely recommend these cleats . They are not as expensive as other professional soccer cleats and perform very well in natural and artificial fields . I was reading that the Adidas Adipure were comfortable too , but let me tell you that these cleats have been the best selling cleats for so long for a reason .
 I 'm a big fan of Adidas soccer shoes and the Copa Mundials are classics . The shoes are great , light weight , and easily conform to my feet . I ca n't recommend them enough . I would n't wear anything else .
 Some of the other reviewers are stating that this shoe saw them through 3 years , 5 years and sometimes even 15 years . I must be much more demanding on my footwear since my pair of Copas went one year -LRB- almost to the day -RRB- before the leather on the right shoe split . To be fair , I previously had a few pairs of cheap Nike 's and those would live about 3 months.Regardless , this is still the best boot I 've tried and I 'm happily on my second pair now .
 I have had these shoes for over 8 years and they are very durable . The best part is they have a great feel on the ball for dribbling . These are some of the best i have ever owned .
 The Adidas Copa Mundial -LRB- Copa Mundial means World Cup in Spanish -RRB- initially came out in 1979 , but was designed for the 1982 FIFA World Cup games in Spain . I purchased my first pair of Copas two decades ago for $ 60 . Although the Copas have increased in price and have slightly changed since that time , I continue to wear this shoe for a number of reasons . The 100 % kangaroo leather upper is extremely comfortable and soft . I suggest buying the shoe a little snug and allowing the thin leather to stretch and mold to your foot . I also like the classic and humble look of the shoe . These shoes do n't draw attention to you like a lot of the ugly shoes on the market do today . They do allow you to use your skills to help your team to the best of your abilities . It should be noted that two years ago Adidas came out with a 25th anniversary package for the Copas . The limited-edition package included a bunch of extras -LRB- wooden shoe trees , a key chain , etc. -RRB- that I do not think are needed .
 I am on my seventh pair of Copa Mundials and I continue to be impressed . When you have a winning combination of looks , feel , and performance , you have no reason to change what you 're doing . Just be sure to buy a size and a half smaller than your normal sneaker size , as the kangaroo leather stretches to conform to your feet . Also , do no expect to get more than one season out of the shoes , unless you have a lot of duct tape handy !
 Excelent ! , hard to football and soft to my feet XD ... great quality ass adidas always do , durable and exactly like my needs .
 to grip the ground very good , soft skin , hit the ball very stable . Only size is not competable with USA . According to Nike my shoes size is 9 but shoes size of Adidas is 8 . It is so difficult for me when I give online order . This shoes is strongly recomended ...
 Best shoes ever sold . Been wearing them since I was 14 , and will never change . Tried to get a trendy pair before , but was greatly disappointed . Shipping was really fast to my FPO address . Thank you .
 Worth the investment ... no more blisters like with the lower-end shoes ... High quality classic tried & true design , nice soft leather , great fit . Not a flashy pair of cleats but gets the job done . Great price at Amazon ... Arrived quickly , very satisfied .
 I can add little to the other - mostly - glowing reviews of this product . Notwithstanding what others have said , my view is that the cleat runs SLIGHTLY small , so you may need to add half a size to what you normally take.I referee rather than play , so admittedly do not subject tham to the same abuse as others might , but my first pair lasted several years , and to be honest , I am replacing them only because the leather became somewhat stiff - my fault for not treating them every so often .
 I did order it , but I made wrong size . Right now I want to buy it , how can I get the price like befor -LRB- $ 72.00 -RRB- ?
 The Adidas Copa Mundial is the BEST soccer cleat available , especially forthe price . It is not a fancy or colorful cleat but it does the job !
 I owned probably 5 pairs of the Kaisers -LRB- the calfskin version of the Copas , back when they existed -RRB- several years ago . I was a solid 12 , 12.5 back then . Now I 'm apparently an 11 , and my feet are the same size I 'm pretty sure . Just wanted to give people a heads-up , since unlike Zappos you do n't get free send-backs if you order the wrong size.Otherwise , a great cleat as always ! I 'm glad they still make these .
 The copa mundial has been the best selling soccer shoe for the last 20 plus years . There is a reason for it . First , the styling is simple and elegant . Three white stripes and that it . My cleats have last over 10 years and then i bought the exact pair again . Why ? The comfort and fit . The Kangaroo skin leather stretches to molds to your foot for a permanent custom fit . Try them and you will become a believer .
 I 've purchased several pairs of the cleats over the years . They 're very comfortable for how light they are . I like that they do n't flex too much on the bottom .
 Amazon Soccer Shoe PurchaseThe product was delivered as promised.It was appropriately delivered as described including the color and size .
 I play rugby in mine . I wore them in the shower the first day i got them , and i have never had blisters !
 Classic Boot . Handles great , quality construction . Really comfortable . I really like the simplicity of the style , not to much . Great traction on the pitch great ball control .
 This is my second pair of Copa Mundials . My first lasted for three years or six seasons as I played all through the year -LRB- all weather plus summer 7 a side games at lunch -RRB- . My first pair stretched over time and ultimately fell apart everywhere at the same time - so no apparent design or fabrication weakness was evident . They remained comfortable until the very end with only an insole replacement required at the end of every year.My second pair has arrived promptly and I slept in them last night much to the chagrin of my wife!A very comfortable , hard-wearing and light soccer shoe for training , games and kick a rounds . Ideal for soft to hard to harder turf surfaces but they also do quite well in the wet . If its too wet -LRB- ie standing water or a water logged field -RRB- I switch to my Adidas Predators -LRB- which are less comfortable and last for half the time ! -RRB- .
 I 've been using these Copas for twenty years . I 've got size 12.5 , AA feet . Hard to find cleats , no ? But these Copas are great . And the fact that , regardless of width , they 're going to stretch or mold to your feet because of the kangaroo leather means after a couple of times , your feet will be happy.This last pair , they just were perfect right off the bat . As I remember though , you do want to oil them if you 're getting them wet in the mud -LRB- dries out the leather -RRB- .
 Awesome cleats . Comfortable and Amazing . Price is good , I almost cheeped out to save $ 30 to buy another pair and I 'm so glad I did n't . I 'd recommend these cleats and plan to be a lifetime customer of the Copa 's .
 This was purchased as a Christmas gift . I have worn these shoes since I was 12 and would never buy a different kind of shoe . The gift was ontime for Christmas and the correct size was shipped .
 Shoes feel great right out of the box . I 've only had a couple of opportunities to wear them so far ... and I 'm very satisfied !
 This shoe is solid for what it is supposed to do . Very good feel and much more comfortable than many others purchased before . I have ' t had them long enough to evaluate their durability . I would definitely get a 1/2 size smaller than you normally would as mine were just a little larger than normal and all other reviews stated the shoes would stretch .
 Clear descriptions and options for purchasing . Very efficient , fast delivery and top quality goods - thank you !
 These are truly the best boots in the history of the game . The kangaroo leather has performed outstandingly and I strongly recommend them to anybody serious about their football . And no , being from Australia , I am not concerned about our native animal being used for sporting goods . Their overpopulation were slated to be culled and we even eat their meat!But back to the boots , they will give you incredible amounts of touch and control . The only problem I have with them are that they are more suited to people with narrow to normal feet . I have wide feet and although the leather has stretched to accommodate my feet well , the outer sole has not . If only Adidas would release a pair for wider feet , these boots would be getting 5 starts . And you should make sure they fit snugly to your feet , almost tight , because the leather will stretch a little.If only companies would produce boots of this quality , instead of releasing plastic garbage ...
 the reason why the Copa Mundial has been on the market for 25 + years is that it is the best soccer shoe available.The leather stays in fantastic shape , even when you ca n't find the time to mink-oil it . The shoe withstands all-weather conditions . I 've played in snow , blistering heat in the desert , rainstorms , mud , everything . These shoes recover nicely and have given me plenty of mileage.My first pair gave out on me after four or five full seasons playing year-round . The stitching around the sole of the shoe gave out on me . My next pair of Copas picked right up where the others left off -- no blisters on my feet or ankles . Like wearing a house slipper , which are what soccer shoes are supposed to feel like.I will only buy Copas as long as they are available .
 I have been playing soccer for 13 years at many different levels -LRB- rec , select , high school , and college -RRB- . I bought my first pair of copa 's 9 years ago . They are by far the best cleats around for under $ ... They have lasted me about 2 years for each pair . They offer superb ball control , grip , ball feel , and kick velocity . They are simply the only thing I will wear to play competitive soccer .
 This cleats are great . They are comfortable . Only thing you need to know is that the size is bigger than usual . If you wear a US9 usually , u need only to buy a US8 .
 After playing with these for the last two years , here are my thoughts : Suitable playing surface
 let me preface by saying that my previous shoes were $ 350 -LRB- I pre-ordered and received them the day they came out -RRB- bright orange , F50 prime , that weighed 5 oz each . COOL ! is what everybody thought about those rocket boots . I still love them even though they are all stretched and worn out after about a year of daily use . I also have my older F50 adizero chameleons -LRB- now cleaned up and for display -RRB- and those were more than double the price of the copa as well . Now , I still prefer the orange primes over my new copas when it is wet and muddy , because they are plastic they can be hosed off easily and forgotten about until needed again . I knew I needed to move away from F50s when they came out with the micoach computerized model . because I dislike micoach and it 's generally very-buggy software . -LRB- a former micoach pacer addict , here -RRB- . NOT HOT ... You need to take care of them . I tried the shower trick when they were new and treat them often about once a week at least with leatherfood from eurosport . Traction is slightly less . They do not run as fast . -LRB- if you have n't worn out several pairs of top line F50s then you will probably just say `` lame excuse , you just ca n't run as fast as you want to '' ... my 100m PR is 11s even and I can do a 5k in 16:50 -RRB- They just do n't feel as fast as the TOTL synthetics ; in football speed is n't everything.So the copa traction is not as good , the speed is not as good . They are more than double the weight . So ... what makes these shoes worthy of a 5 star review ??? SMOKING HOT ... here the magic of the copa comes in . Whatever hesitation I would have , that extra touch I always felt I needed before letting off a shot or pass , it 's gone . I am finally at the point where I can start learning juggling tricks . I 've been playing since I was 4 and up through HS of course , but about a year ago I really stepped up my game . I worked hard to get where I am , and I 'm not letting shoes take the credit for that . but I do think they help.Some day , adidas -LRB- and nike and friends -RRB- will figure out how to make a plastic shoe with better touch than K-leather . but that day has not yet come . You will be able to have your boot custom made exactly to your foot as precision-measured by a robot . but that day has not yet come . You will be able to print your own designs on your boots in any colour of the rainbow . but that day has not yet come . Everybody in the world will be able to afford a pair , and they will last forever . unless you want a new pair , and then the old boots will instantly turn into delicious cookies and beer . but that day has not yet come . Until that day comes I do n't see anything better than copas , for me.If you look in the dictionary under football cleat you will see a picture of adidas copa . I 'm no superstar ; I pay to play , I do n't get paid to play . I 'm like everybody who just wants to have fun on the field and if you are the same , you should at least consider your next shoes a pair of copas too.That being said , if you 've been wearing copas for the last four hundred years , and would never , ever , consider anything else , go out and try on the latest obscenely-expensive , all-synthetic , high-fashion boot . You may just be pleasantly surprised . At least enjoy modern technology once in a while . I will be buying another pair of F50s before long . I am simply addicted to the speed and the colours.P.S . Messi wears F50s , sure . but he wears very special leather F50s , not plastic ones . If I want to be like messi I will wear his shirt of which I have several . Not his latest adidas boot ...
 The moment you put them on ... they are broken in i.e. they do not give you blisters . They are light weight and they do not slide around on your foot and they are easy to `` cut '' with . Overall , these shoes are great and they seem to last a long time .
 My Copas died on me during a game today . The leather front tore away from the sole of my right shoe when I was making a sharp cut . It was a very sad day for me , as this pair of shoes has lasted me 15 years . I used them in my senior year of high school , during club and intramural games throughout college , and throughout several different intramural leagues wherever I lived over the years . They survived rain , mud , grass , and dirt . I have wide feet , and I remember thinking when I first bought them that they would n't last that long , since my wide feet would stretch out the leather too much . Boy was I wrong.I am now debating whether to just duct tape my right shoe or buy another pair . I will probably opt for the latter , but I still have no doubt that a duct-taped right Copa shoe would last longer and give you better playability than the average shoe on the market .
 I 've played soccer all my life and this is one of the best soccer shoes ever made . Very durable , very comfortable , soft leather , nice fit .
 Cleats , turfs and flats , I will not wear anything but Copa mundials . These are the best cleats ever invented and you will not regret getting these ! They do not need to be broken in , they are so comfortable ! Call it old-school but they are the best cleats on the market .
 I would 've given this 5 stars but the sizing chart was wrong . I wear an 8 in womens so based off the charts a men 's 6.5 should work but the 6.5 is too big . I should 've gotten a 6 . Unfortunately it 's too late for me to return because I had to wear them for a game because I needed cleats . I 'll have to double or triple sock so my foot does n't slide too much.I used to wear Copa 's all through club , high school , and college futbol and I switched to some Adidas predators and bad decision ! Get these cleats and you wo n't be disappointed . But go to a local store and find try them on to find your size and then either buy in the store or online .
 Eran para u regalo y qede muy conforme con la compra . . La entrega fue m&aacute;s r&aacute;pida de lo esperado . . todo deacuerdo a la publicacion . . son increible
 Adidas has great cleats.I would not even try to use any other . I used adidas cleats since I was 8 . Nothing to say against this one . It is simply classic and one of the best cleats ever . Comfortable , durable and does jobwhat can you say about cleats more
 This is my 2nd pair of Copas . First lasted 4 years , playing on average 1-2 times per week . Most comfortable and longest lasting soccer boot . Also has round studs on the bottom which I find to be much better than the rectangular studs .
 They were , are and will be the best soccer shoes ever made to play soccer . I bought them from Venezuela and I 'm really satisfied with my purchase .
 lo mejor de lo mejor en zapatos de futbol a nivel mundial desde mucho tiempo atras y a superado el tiempo
 These cleats are the best . I did n't want to spend a lot of money on them since I do n't play competitively anymore but after too many seasons of blisters I went back to these . I love them , there 's a reason they 've been the go to clear for so many years .
 The Adidas Copa Mundial is like titled the Toyota Camry of soccer cleats . It 's not the most reliable , not the most flashiest , surely not the most cheapest , but it does n't do anything bad . I have owned 2 pairs in my life , and got a combined 7 years out of the 2 . The cleat is very good depending on what type of style you play . If your a more english/european type who strikes long balls , and hard crosses , this is the perfect cleat for you . If your a more touch/on the ground type say from latin america , this might not be the best cleat for you , but is still decent . If your playing on smaller side fields , this may not be a good cleat , because your passes may need to be weighted softer , and in my experience , it is harder to make the ball slow or stop before it rolls out . The profile of the cleat is very good so that if you strike it from a good angle , the ball will not take an unnatural slice , unless you try to make it do so . All in all , it is quite worth the $ 99.99 that you pay for it . The only drawback , it only comes in the standard mostly black with white stripes adidas , no other colors .
 Great cleats , very comfortables , great price , very fast delivery . I play collegiate soccer and would not wear any other cleats .
 It 's market longevity and success pretty much speaks for itself . The cleat is comfortable and aids in `` touch '' in soccer or other applications of the shoe -LRB- If you would use them in football for a low cut alternative -RRB- . I had a pair of these when I was younger for soccer and eventually outgrew them , so I ordered another pair recently since 13M is somewhat hard to find in local sporting goods stores . Excellent shoe , good price with free shipping . If you are unsure about your actual size ; I suggest trying them on at a store since they can be considered somewhat narrow .
 These were purchased for my son and have not let us down . Kangaroo Leather combines with a design that has not changed in over 15 years . There is no break in and they last as good as any soccer shoe . There is a reason it is worn by many pros and college teams . You ca n't go wrong with the Copa .
 I bought this shoe for the first time about 20 years ago and it is still the best . I tried many others . It adjusts perfectly to the foot after a while , you can use on all grass terrain . And who would believe it
 Excellent product , I make a lot of comfort in playing soccer.I would recommend to my son and to my friends .
 A great boot . I 've been using the Copa Mudial for 15 + years . They last a long time , feel great and are just a classic .
 Reliable on the feet , soft Leather having a nice support and weight.great for running and very durable if maintained right .
 I had exchanged size 9 , the usual size , as they were just a little too big . Apart from that they 're great .
 These Copa 's were one of the first pairs of cleats I ever purchased , well over 20 years ago . Since then I have used many other cleats but decided to go back to my roots , as it were , and use them again . They are still great shoes - supple , simple , and effective .
 I thought that people no longer bought Copa Mundial . . but I was glad to see if for sale.It fits great right off the box . It is a no brainer purchase compare to the dozens of choices in the field ...
 comfortable , reliable , and it preforms . In today 's game , the classics are what stand out . Everyone is wearing neon green , pink , plastic shoes that will be popular for a month then fade . Oh and they cost $ 400 . This boot will never stop preforming and looking great .
 Extremely Great product and service . Service was a concern being far away and first time online puchase . But would strongly recomend these guys and these prodcuts as first choice.Best advice , Before buying from them is to check youre local store for shoe size , i was lucky enough becuase ive worn copas before and know the exact size.In high regardsGot Football
 My son wears these boots straight out of the box ! They are such a comfortable fit that he says they 're like putting on your slippers . It 's a classic style but it works - why change it . They are slightly larger in size than other Adidas boots but once you get the right size you 'll never change .
 These are just the greatest cleats ever made . Simple , yet so comfortable.Don ' t doubt it any longer , these are the ones .
 One of the few soccer shoes still made in Germany . Leather is very soft and shoes do n't need to be broken into . I 've been using this shoe for many years now .
 These are my 12 y.o son 's 2nd pair of these cleats . They are leather and stretch to his wide feet.Shipped FAST , just in time for a practice and his next game . He was very pleased . Paid shipping , tax and shipping that was less than going into a store and purchasing them . Definitely the way to go ! yay !
 These shoes are consistent - great fit , no break-in time , and decent wear . This is the third time I 've purchased them and have had no problems .
 My son likes these shoes , they are comfortable with soft leather . They look old school . I am surprised that soccer shoes have progressed with advanced in soles with arch supports . I have not seen any with them .
 Cleats , turfs and flats , I will not wear anything but Copa mundials . These are the best cleats ever invented and you will not regret getting these ! They do not need to be broken in , they are so comfortable ! Call it old-school but they are the best cleats on the market .
 I would 've given this 5 stars but the sizing chart was wrong . I wear an 8 in womens so based off the charts a men 's 6.5 should work but the 6.5 is too big . I should 've gotten a 6 . Unfortunately it 's too late for me to return because I had to wear them for a game because I needed cleats . I 'll have to double or triple sock so my foot does n't slide too much.I used to wear Copa 's all through club , high school , and college futbol and I switched to some Adidas predators and bad decision ! Get these cleats and you wo n't be disappointed . But go to a local store and find try them on to find your size and then either buy in the store or online .
 Eran para u regalo y qede muy conforme con la compra . . La entrega fue m&aacute;s r&aacute;pida de lo esperado . . todo deacuerdo a la publicacion . . son increible
 Adidas has great cleats.I would not even try to use any other . I used adidas cleats since I was 8 . Nothing to say against this one . It is simply classic and one of the best cleats ever . Comfortable , durable and does jobwhat can you say about cleats more
 This is my 2nd pair of Copas . First lasted 4 years , playing on average 1-2 times per week . Most comfortable and longest lasting soccer boot . Also has round studs on the bottom which I find to be much better than the rectangular studs .
 They were , are and will be the best soccer shoes ever made to play soccer . I bought them from Venezuela and I 'm really satisfied with my purchase .
 lo mejor de lo mejor en zapatos de futbol a nivel mundial desde mucho tiempo atras y a superado el tiempo
 These cleats are the best . I did n't want to spend a lot of money on them since I do n't play competitively anymore but after too many seasons of blisters I went back to these . I love them , there 's a reason they 've been the go to clear for so many years .
 These are truly the best boots in the history of the game . The kangaroo leather has performed outstandingly and I strongly recommend them to anybody serious about their football . And no , being from Australia , I am not concerned about our native animal being used for sporting goods . Their overpopulation were slated to be culled and we even eat their meat!But back to the boots , they will give you incredible amounts of touch and control . The only problem I have with them are that they are more suited to people with narrow to normal feet . I have wide feet and although the leather has stretched to accommodate my feet well , the outer sole has not . If only Adidas would release a pair for wider feet , these boots would be getting 5 starts . And you should make sure they fit snugly to your feet , almost tight , because the leather will stretch a little.If only companies would produce boots of this quality , instead of releasing plastic garbage ...
 the reason why the Copa Mundial has been on the market for 25 + years is that it is the best soccer shoe available.The leather stays in fantastic shape , even when you ca n't find the time to mink-oil it . The shoe withstands all-weather conditions . I 've played in snow , blistering heat in the desert , rainstorms , mud , everything . These shoes recover nicely and have given me plenty of mileage.My first pair gave out on me after four or five full seasons playing year-round . The stitching around the sole of the shoe gave out on me . My next pair of Copas picked right up where the others left off -- no blisters on my feet or ankles . Like wearing a house slipper , which are what soccer shoes are supposed to feel like.I will only buy Copas as long as they are available .
 I have been playing soccer for 13 years at many different levels -LRB- rec , select , high school , and college -RRB- . I bought my first pair of copa 's 9 years ago . They are by far the best cleats around for under $ ... They have lasted me about 2 years for each pair . They offer superb ball control , grip , ball feel , and kick velocity . They are simply the only thing I will wear to play competitive soccer .
 This cleats are great . They are comfortable . Only thing you need to know is that the size is bigger than usual . If you wear a US9 usually , u need only to buy a US8 .
 After playing with these for the last two years , here are my thoughts : Suitable playing surface
 let me preface by saying that my previous shoes were $ 350 -LRB- I pre-ordered and received them the day they came out -RRB- bright orange , F50 prime , that weighed 5 oz each . COOL ! is what everybody thought about those rocket boots . I still love them even though they are all stretched and worn out after about a year of daily use . I also have my older F50 adizero chameleons -LRB- now cleaned up and for display -RRB- and those were more than double the price of the copa as well . Now , I still prefer the orange primes over my new copas when it is wet and muddy , because they are plastic they can be hosed off easily and forgotten about until needed again . I knew I needed to move away from F50s when they came out with the micoach computerized model . because I dislike micoach and it 's generally very-buggy software . -LRB- a former micoach pacer addict , here -RRB- . NOT HOT ... You need to take care of them . I tried the shower trick when they were new and treat them often about once a week at least with leatherfood from eurosport . Traction is slightly less . They do not run as fast . -LRB- if you have n't worn out several pairs of top line F50s then you will probably just say `` lame excuse , you just ca n't run as fast as you want to '' ... my 100m PR is 11s even and I can do a 5k in 16:50 -RRB- They just do n't feel as fast as the TOTL synthetics ; in football speed is n't everything.So the copa traction is not as good , the speed is not as good . They are more than double the weight . So ... what makes these shoes worthy of a 5 star review ??? SMOKING HOT ... here the magic of the copa comes in . Whatever hesitation I would have , that extra touch I always felt I needed before letting off a shot or pass , it 's gone . I am finally at the point where I can start learning juggling tricks . I 've been playing since I was 4 and up through HS of course , but about a year ago I really stepped up my game . I worked hard to get where I am , and I 'm not letting shoes take the credit for that . but I do think they help.Some day , adidas -LRB- and nike and friends -RRB- will figure out how to make a plastic shoe with better touch than K-leather . but that day has not yet come . You will be able to have your boot custom made exactly to your foot as precision-measured by a robot . but that day has not yet come . You will be able to print your own designs on your boots in any colour of the rainbow . but that day has not yet come . Everybody in the world will be able to afford a pair , and they will last forever . unless you want a new pair , and then the old boots will instantly turn into delicious cookies and beer . but that day has not yet come . Until that day comes I do n't see anything better than copas , for me.If you look in the dictionary under football cleat you will see a picture of adidas copa . I 'm no superstar ; I pay to play , I do n't get paid to play . I 'm like everybody who just wants to have fun on the field and if you are the same , you should at least consider your next shoes a pair of copas too.That being said , if you 've been wearing copas for the last four hundred years , and would never , ever , consider anything else , go out and try on the latest obscenely-expensive , all-synthetic , high-fashion boot . You may just be pleasantly surprised . At least enjoy modern technology once in a while . I will be buying another pair of F50s before long . I am simply addicted to the speed and the colours.P.S . Messi wears F50s , sure . but he wears very special leather F50s , not plastic ones . If I want to be like messi I will wear his shirt of which I have several . Not his latest adidas boot ...
 The moment you put them on ... they are broken in i.e. they do not give you blisters . They are light weight and they do not slide around on your foot and they are easy to `` cut '' with . Overall , these shoes are great and they seem to last a long time .
 My Copas died on me during a game today . The leather front tore away from the sole of my right shoe when I was making a sharp cut . It was a very sad day for me , as this pair of shoes has lasted me 15 years . I used them in my senior year of high school , during club and intramural games throughout college , and throughout several different intramural leagues wherever I lived over the years . They survived rain , mud , grass , and dirt . I have wide feet , and I remember thinking when I first bought them that they would n't last that long , since my wide feet would stretch out the leather too much . Boy was I wrong.I am now debating whether to just duct tape my right shoe or buy another pair . I will probably opt for the latter , but I still have no doubt that a duct-taped right Copa shoe would last longer and give you better playability than the average shoe on the market .
 I 've played soccer all my life and this is one of the best soccer shoes ever made . Very durable , very comfortable , soft leather , nice fit .
 Amazon Soccer Shoe PurchaseThe product was delivered as promised.It was appropriately delivered as described including the color and size .
 I play rugby in mine . I wore them in the shower the first day i got them , and i have never had blisters !
 Classic Boot . Handles great , quality construction . Really comfortable . I really like the simplicity of the style , not to much . Great traction on the pitch great ball control .
 This is my second pair of Copa Mundials . My first lasted for three years or six seasons as I played all through the year -LRB- all weather plus summer 7 a side games at lunch -RRB- . My first pair stretched over time and ultimately fell apart everywhere at the same time - so no apparent design or fabrication weakness was evident . They remained comfortable until the very end with only an insole replacement required at the end of every year.My second pair has arrived promptly and I slept in them last night much to the chagrin of my wife!A very comfortable , hard-wearing and light soccer shoe for training , games and kick a rounds . Ideal for soft to hard to harder turf surfaces but they also do quite well in the wet . If its too wet -LRB- ie standing water or a water logged field -RRB- I switch to my Adidas Predators -LRB- which are less comfortable and last for half the time ! -RRB- .
 I 've been using these Copas for twenty years . I 've got size 12.5 , AA feet . Hard to find cleats , no ? But these Copas are great . And the fact that , regardless of width , they 're going to stretch or mold to your feet because of the kangaroo leather means after a couple of times , your feet will be happy.This last pair , they just were perfect right off the bat . As I remember though , you do want to oil them if you 're getting them wet in the mud -LRB- dries out the leather -RRB- .
 Awesome cleats . Comfortable and Amazing . Price is good , I almost cheeped out to save $ 30 to buy another pair and I 'm so glad I did n't . I 'd recommend these cleats and plan to be a lifetime customer of the Copa 's .
 This was purchased as a Christmas gift . I have worn these shoes since I was 12 and would never buy a different kind of shoe . The gift was ontime for Christmas and the correct size was shipped .
 Shoes feel great right out of the box . I 've only had a couple of opportunities to wear them so far ... and I 'm very satisfied !
 This shoe is solid for what it is supposed to do . Very good feel and much more comfortable than many others purchased before . I have ' t had them long enough to evaluate their durability . I would definitely get a 1/2 size smaller than you normally would as mine were just a little larger than normal and all other reviews stated the shoes would stretch .
 Clear descriptions and options for purchasing . Very efficient , fast delivery and top quality goods - thank you !
 These Copa 's were one of the first pairs of cleats I ever purchased , well over 20 years ago . Since then I have used many other cleats but decided to go back to my roots , as it were , and use them again . They are still great shoes - supple , simple , and effective .
 I thought that people no longer bought Copa Mundial . . but I was glad to see if for sale.It fits great right off the box . It is a no brainer purchase compare to the dozens of choices in the field ...
 comfortable , reliable , and it preforms . In today 's game , the classics are what stand out . Everyone is wearing neon green , pink , plastic shoes that will be popular for a month then fade . Oh and they cost $ 400 . This boot will never stop preforming and looking great .
 Extremely Great product and service . Service was a concern being far away and first time online puchase . But would strongly recomend these guys and these prodcuts as first choice.Best advice , Before buying from them is to check youre local store for shoe size , i was lucky enough becuase ive worn copas before and know the exact size.In high regardsGot Football
 My son wears these boots straight out of the box ! They are such a comfortable fit that he says they 're like putting on your slippers . It 's a classic style but it works - why change it . They are slightly larger in size than other Adidas boots but once you get the right size you 'll never change .
 These are just the greatest cleats ever made . Simple , yet so comfortable.Don ' t doubt it any longer , these are the ones .
 One of the few soccer shoes still made in Germany . Leather is very soft and shoes do n't need to be broken into . I 've been using this shoe for many years now .
 These are my 12 y.o son 's 2nd pair of these cleats . They are leather and stretch to his wide feet.Shipped FAST , just in time for a practice and his next game . He was very pleased . Paid shipping , tax and shipping that was less than going into a store and purchasing them . Definitely the way to go ! yay !
 These shoes are consistent - great fit , no break-in time , and decent wear . This is the third time I 've purchased them and have had no problems .
 My son likes these shoes , they are comfortable with soft leather . They look old school . I am surprised that soccer shoes have progressed with advanced in soles with arch supports . I have not seen any with them .
 The Adidas Copa Mundial is like titled the Toyota Camry of soccer cleats . It 's not the most reliable , not the most flashiest , surely not the most cheapest , but it does n't do anything bad . I have owned 2 pairs in my life , and got a combined 7 years out of the 2 . The cleat is very good depending on what type of style you play . If your a more english/european type who strikes long balls , and hard crosses , this is the perfect cleat for you . If your a more touch/on the ground type say from latin america , this might not be the best cleat for you , but is still decent . If your playing on smaller side fields , this may not be a good cleat , because your passes may need to be weighted softer , and in my experience , it is harder to make the ball slow or stop before it rolls out . The profile of the cleat is very good so that if you strike it from a good angle , the ball will not take an unnatural slice , unless you try to make it do so . All in all , it is quite worth the $ 99.99 that you pay for it . The only drawback , it only comes in the standard mostly black with white stripes adidas , no other colors .
 Great cleats , very comfortables , great price , very fast delivery . I play collegiate soccer and would not wear any other cleats .
 It 's market longevity and success pretty much speaks for itself . The cleat is comfortable and aids in `` touch '' in soccer or other applications of the shoe -LRB- If you would use them in football for a low cut alternative -RRB- . I had a pair of these when I was younger for soccer and eventually outgrew them , so I ordered another pair recently since 13M is somewhat hard to find in local sporting goods stores . Excellent shoe , good price with free shipping . If you are unsure about your actual size ; I suggest trying them on at a store since they can be considered somewhat narrow .
 These were purchased for my son and have not let us down . Kangaroo Leather combines with a design that has not changed in over 15 years . There is no break in and they last as good as any soccer shoe . There is a reason it is worn by many pros and college teams . You ca n't go wrong with the Copa .
 I bought this shoe for the first time about 20 years ago and it is still the best . I tried many others . It adjusts perfectly to the foot after a while , you can use on all grass terrain . And who would believe it
 Excellent product , I make a lot of comfort in playing soccer.I would recommend to my son and to my friends .
 A great boot . I 've been using the Copa Mudial for 15 + years . They last a long time , feel great and are just a classic .
 Reliable on the feet , soft Leather having a nice support and weight.great for running and very durable if maintained right .
 I had exchanged size 9 , the usual size , as they were just a little too big . Apart from that they 're great .
 It 's very soft and comfortable to your feet . I 'm a soccer referee and it game easier ...
 It 's really good product . I am very satisfied it . The only my problem is that its size is lttle bigger than I was expecting . For example , if you normally use 9,5 US size , I recommend you to buy 9 .
 My husband started playing soccer on Saturdays with some friends and he did n't have any soccer cleats so he used his old football cleats for months . I decided to look into soccer cleats and found these Adidas Copa Mundial 's . They were at a decent price , carried half sizes and had a few good reviews . I took a chance ; and when my husband tried them on , he absolutely loved them . And , of course , they were so much lighter than his football cleats . They fit him perfectly , they look great on him , and he says that they feel great.Thank you !
 I PLAY SOCCER EVERY DAY . THESE CLEATS ARE AMAZING . I SCORED TWO GOALS IN THE FIRST GAME I WORE THESE IN .
 Shoe aside this has been the worst Amazon experience ever . I have been buying shoes online for years never had a sizing issue . These shoes run 1 size larger than stated . Bought a size 11 for my son . Received them and they were about 1/2 inch too long in the toe . Checked the reviews thinking that maybe they run too big and my bad for not checking ahead of time . There was no concensus in the reviews for sizing.So , thinking that maybe somehow these were tagged incorrectly called Amazon -LRB- in the Phillipines , really annoying -RRB- and they nicely arranged for another pair to be sent to exchange all for free . No issue here . Got the next pair , same thing these shoes are larger than the listed size period.Still wanted these shoes so I went to my local sporting goods store with my son to size them in person . Sure enough a size 10 was perfect . I have not bought a size 10 for my son in 3 years.Finally , what irritated me the most was Amazon . I am sending back both pairs of size 11 for free which is great . One thing I did n't mention was that when I first bought these I received a $ 20 off promo . I called Amazon Phillipines again , because when I went to buy the size 10 from them I could n't get the $ 20 off . After spending 20 minutes on the phone with this guy it turns out the would n't give me the $ 20 off on the replacement pair.Was pretty disapointed on the discount situation and sizing issue .
 I needed a new pair of cleats so I asked around and heard these were pretty stellar boots . I was super excited when I bought these but when I finally got them I was really disappointed ... The cleats are probably great , but I got the wrong size . When I tried them on they seemed to fit alright but I thought they might be a little loose . Well , come to find out , they were really loose . I played in them and sprained my ankle and it still has n't healed . The shoe might be great but I ca n't really say because mine do n't fit and I ca n't return them . My advice
 ordered for first time using this siteitem delivered in time frame givengoods were as ordered and true to sizewould use them again great servicethanks pete australia
 My husband plays soccer and he will not buy soccer cleats other than this kind . He tends to wear them out every 2 years and then just rebuys the same kind . As far as soccer cleats go , I think these ones are the best .
 excelente envio , muy satisfecha con el trabajo , el pedido llego antes de la fecha estipulada , gracias , espero continuen trabajando de esa manera para seguir confiando en ustedes
 Great pair of boots . I buy one every year for my son who plays 5 days a week in them . They last longer that the pretty boots and give a better grip that the blaves on the harder grounds that we play on hrer .
 I wanted something that was nice quality and not flourescent or ghetto . This really was one of the only choices . Nice shoe . Great quality . Laces are really long .
 For years my two sons have not been able to find a soccer shoe that properly fits their feet.So we special order size 15 for one son and a size 12 1/2 for the other . Neither shoe can be bought in stores . A size 12 is too small and a size 13 is too big . My sons have been using Copas for several years now and will probably keep getting them as long as they can be purchased in their sizes .
 This is a time tested style that is mother approved -LRB- mother wore them in the '70s and '80s and was high scorer for years -RRB- . I now buy them online and will open my own shop for shoes once the boys grow out of all the sizes I have bought over the years .
 Es un excelente producto , se ajusta bien al pie y solo tengo una sugerencia , deben indicar el largo exacto del zapato para evitar que uno compre algo que le quede grande y asi no perder la compra
 There is a reason why a football shoe released in 1979 is still being sold in 2012 . The leather is soft and it took about 10 min to break in ... . Just kidding but you wo n't feel any discomfort . This is my first pair and I must say its the best shoe I have ever owned . Buy a 1/2 size smaller or go try them out in a store just to be sure .
 I ordered these soccer shoes , got them on time and really love them on the soccer field . Soccer has never been as pleasurable to play as when I have these Adidas . They are the perfect thing I had always looking for for outdoor games . Love them and the price is reasonable for the quality . I frankly used many soccer shoes before but I just never got shoes that please the eyes , feat the foot and are comfortable for all 90 minutes !
 These are great Soccer Cleats . One size less than my sneakers . They run a little large , and are comfortable even though I have wide feet .
 Very comfortable , no breaking in period . Slightly too big , but a new inner sole took up the extra space . This is my second pair . The first pair lasted 6 years . I 'm female , normally wear 7.5 wide in women 's , but I could n't find any women 's cleats that fit . These do the job .
 Since I was little -LRB- and they did n't make many women 's soccer shoes -RRB- , I 've been buying these . They are really nice and soft so there was no breaking in required . Heal was a bit hard so I put a heal pad in back which solved any blister problems . Do n't go a size up like when buying running shoes . You want these to fit snug ! I 'm a 9 womens and usually buy 9 1/2 running shoe . I bought these in Men 's 7 .
 this is the second time ive purchased cleats that cost over $ 55 . my first experience was with a $ 95 nike pair of cleats but I was not at all impressed . After getting suggestions from numerous people , I finally decided to give the copas a try . I went to a few shops to try on some pairs and after talking with shop owners and a handful of users , i decided to order a pair online . This cleat is the most comfortable cleat ive had on my feet . the Kangaroo leather is really soft and its just a testament to its history.That being said , make sure you try them on at a shop before ordering online . I decided to order online for $ 96 after shipping/tax compared to $ 120 not including tax at the store . You will hear from everyone that has any experience with copas that the kangaroo leather WILL stretch significantly so make sure you get a size that is a pretty tight fit in the store . Personally I ordered a half size down but after my first game with them on I had to step off the field for a second to retie/tighten both my cleats because they had gotten so loose . It seems to be fine now but looking back , i may have even go down ANOTHER half size when I purchase my next pair.from other users , if you play in the rain or get them wet , IMMEDIATELY after playing , stuff them with newspaper or they will soak up all the water.Again , expect it to stretch because it definitely WILL .
 Best cleats ever !! Kangaroo leather holds up and breathes better . Plastic hurts my daughters feet gives blisters . Copas give best feel with the ball .
 These are probably the second best boots I 've owned -LRB- out of @ 3 dozen -RRB- . I generally do n't like Adidas boots but I saw a lot of good reviews for the Adidas Copa Mundial.First , yes they are very confortable and fit really nice with ONE exception . I think they are too narrow . Not as narrow as Puma boots , but too narrow for my comfort . I did develop a little blister on each foot but that was becasue I did not give the shoes enough `` break-in '' time which you should always do . -LRB- PS I finally broke these in faster by wearing them in luke warm water for 20 minutes and then letting them dry on my feet . worked great -RRB- Second , the sole cushioning could be a little better . I do n't know if the cushioning on this boot is too hard or if it felt hard because of the narrowness of the boot . Either way , it could be worse.Overall , I really like this boot . It has great feel and fits like a glove .
 Very good soccer cleats . This is the first pair i buy and I 'm very happy with them . I read some prior reviews so i bought them a half size smaller and they fit perfectly with the thick socks that i use , if you do n't like thick socks i recommend yo buy one full size smaller . They took about two weeks to arrive but I 'm not considering that in this review .
 Put simply great boots . No fancy colors , plastics . Just a good boot with soft leather that moulds to the foot.There is a reason they have kept the design for so many years .
 The copa mundial has been the best selling soccer boot for the last 20 plus years . There is a reason for it . First , the styling is simple and elegant . Three white stripes and that it . My cleats have last over 10 years and then i bought the exact pair again . Why ? The comfort and fit . The Kangaroo skin leather stretches to molds to your foot for a permanent custom fit . Try them and you will become a believer . They are the gold standard of soccer boots .
 This shoe is a great shoe . very comfortable and feels great the first time you put it on . and then it only gets better.one of favorite cleats ever owned .
 You could spend $ 40 and be miserable and have absolutely NO TOUCH on the soccer ball . . or ... you could spend a little extra money and get the best all around soccer shoe on the planet . There 's a reason why year after year adidas NEVER changes this shoe ... It 's a classic and a must have for any real soccer player .
 It 's good to have a company with experience in sports , this style will stick , it 's just great for those who are demanding in soccer . I personally , are my first pair , but have met my expectations . Zuela a fantastic , durable and suitable for any soccer field . The only problem that you do not at the front where the rivets will over time tend to break away a bit , which in the winter makes it adiera land and move off . but , considering the use that I gave in almost 5 months , have responded . I have used on average 4 times per week . recommend
 SportsBasement sells this great soccer-boot for under $ 100 -LRB- actually $ 95 -RRB- . So why bother with these `` preferred '' e-tailers ? I am heading there right now !
 hey i just got interested in soccer because my friends wanted me on the school team , well i said ok but i did n't think i would really have to go onto it . Well i needed cleats and they said these . Now i 've seen abunch of cleats and these look kewl and it 's a good price
 Excelent ! , hard to football and soft to my feet XD ... great quality ass adidas always do , durable and exactly like my needs .
 to grip the ground very good , soft skin , hit the ball very stable . Only size is not competable with USA . According to Nike my shoes size is 9 but shoes size of Adidas is 8 . It is so difficult for me when I give online order . This shoes is strongly recomended ...
 Best shoes ever sold . Been wearing them since I was 14 , and will never change . Tried to get a trendy pair before , but was greatly disappointed . Shipping was really fast to my FPO address . Thank you .
 Worth the investment ... no more blisters like with the lower-end shoes ... High quality classic tried & true design , nice soft leather , great fit . Not a flashy pair of cleats but gets the job done . Great price at Amazon ... Arrived quickly , very satisfied .
 I can add little to the other - mostly - glowing reviews of this product . Notwithstanding what others have said , my view is that the cleat runs SLIGHTLY small , so you may need to add half a size to what you normally take.I referee rather than play , so admittedly do not subject tham to the same abuse as others might , but my first pair lasted several years , and to be honest , I am replacing them only because the leather became somewhat stiff - my fault for not treating them every so often .
 I did order it , but I made wrong size . Right now I want to buy it , how can I get the price like befor -LRB- $ 72.00 -RRB- ?
 The Adidas Copa Mundial is the BEST soccer cleat available , especially forthe price . It is not a fancy or colorful cleat but it does the job !
 I owned probably 5 pairs of the Kaisers -LRB- the calfskin version of the Copas , back when they existed -RRB- several years ago . I was a solid 12 , 12.5 back then . Now I 'm apparently an 11 , and my feet are the same size I 'm pretty sure . Just wanted to give people a heads-up , since unlike Zappos you do n't get free send-backs if you order the wrong size.Otherwise , a great cleat as always ! I 'm glad they still make these .
 The copa mundial has been the best selling soccer shoe for the last 20 plus years . There is a reason for it . First , the styling is simple and elegant . Three white stripes and that it . My cleats have last over 10 years and then i bought the exact pair again . Why ? The comfort and fit . The Kangaroo skin leather stretches to molds to your foot for a permanent custom fit . Try them and you will become a believer .
 I 've purchased several pairs of the cleats over the years . They 're very comfortable for how light they are . I like that they do n't flex too much on the bottom .
 I have been playing soccer for about 20 years now . I have been buying copa 's for the last 8 years . This is my 3rd pair . The leather is very soft and the grip on grass surfaces is excellent . Highyly recommend the shoes to anyone playing futbol
 I love these cleats . I just bought my third pair of them . I play an average of 2-3x a week in different leagues and pickup games and each pair has lasted 2-3 years . I keep buying them for a reason ; they are the best cleats I 've ever worn . Comfortable with great touch and durable enough that I do n't mind how often I need to replace them .
 I love Copa 's . This is my second pair of Copas . I looked EVERYWHERE and amazon.com has the best price by far . These are a great solid pair of soccer boots
 I so love the kangaroo leather.They fit like gloves.My feet do n't hurt even on the 1st day.Feels great touching and kicking the ball.This is my 4th pair since my high school days.These boots are the best so far .
 They are much more comfortable than my old cheap Adidas predator soccer cleats . Those were a waste of money . I was losing my faith in Adidas but with these cleats my faith came back . Do n't buy cheap cleats unless you have a lot of money to spend on a Chiropractic.I definitely recommend these cleats . They are not as expensive as other professional soccer cleats and perform very well in natural and artificial fields . I was reading that the Adidas Adipure were comfortable too , but let me tell you that these cleats have been the best selling cleats for so long for a reason .
 I 'm a big fan of Adidas soccer shoes and the Copa Mundials are classics . The shoes are great , light weight , and easily conform to my feet . I ca n't recommend them enough . I would n't wear anything else .
 Some of the other reviewers are stating that this shoe saw them through 3 years , 5 years and sometimes even 15 years . I must be much more demanding on my footwear since my pair of Copas went one year -LRB- almost to the day -RRB- before the leather on the right shoe split . To be fair , I previously had a few pairs of cheap Nike 's and those would live about 3 months.Regardless , this is still the best boot I 've tried and I 'm happily on my second pair now .
 I have had these shoes for over 8 years and they are very durable . The best part is they have a great feel on the ball for dribbling . These are some of the best i have ever owned .
 The Adidas Copa Mundial -LRB- Copa Mundial means World Cup in Spanish -RRB- initially came out in 1979 , but was designed for the 1982 FIFA World Cup games in Spain . I purchased my first pair of Copas two decades ago for $ 60 . Although the Copas have increased in price and have slightly changed since that time , I continue to wear this shoe for a number of reasons . The 100 % kangaroo leather upper is extremely comfortable and soft . I suggest buying the shoe a little snug and allowing the thin leather to stretch and mold to your foot . I also like the classic and humble look of the shoe . These shoes do n't draw attention to you like a lot of the ugly shoes on the market do today . They do allow you to use your skills to help your team to the best of your abilities . It should be noted that two years ago Adidas came out with a 25th anniversary package for the Copas . The limited-edition package included a bunch of extras -LRB- wooden shoe trees , a key chain , etc. -RRB- that I do not think are needed .
 I am on my seventh pair of Copa Mundials and I continue to be impressed . When you have a winning combination of looks , feel , and performance , you have no reason to change what you 're doing . Just be sure to buy a size and a half smaller than your normal sneaker size , as the kangaroo leather stretches to conform to your feet . Also , do no expect to get more than one season out of the shoes , unless you have a lot of duct tape handy !
 This shoes are so comfortable . It feels like I 'm walking on air . I love them .
 Cant figure the first post out . I have really enjoyed my Saratoga Hikers.Have had 2 pairs now . They are really hard to beat for the great price.I 've hiked all over the North Geoargia mountains and they really work well.Very comfy .
 This shoes are so comfortable . It feels like I 'm walking on air . I love them .
 Cant figure the first post out . I have really enjoyed my Saratoga Hikers.Have had 2 pairs now . They are really hard to beat for the great price.I 've hiked all over the North Geoargia mountains and they really work well.Very comfy .
 I was sure shocked to see these beautiful sneaks for this amountI could n't believe my eyes.Very nice sneaks and different colors too.Oh Boy is all I can say
 This shoe looks great and is very comfortable . I have bought myself a pair as well as a pair as a gift for my mother . We are both equally impressed .
 Kaepa makes the most comfortable and longest-lived shoes I 've EVER owned . I was incredibly disappointed when my last pair wore out and learned that the company had stopped making them . This deal is FANTASTIC ! Do n't let these shoes slip by ! In fact , buy 20 pair at this price and you will never run out as I did . You wo n't regret it !
 Great all around ... They are well made and -LRB- very important -RRB- `` true to size '' . The 2 sets of laces are unique and a nice touch . Great all around shoe . I 'm very pleased with my purchase .
 I have the brown ones . They are cuter than any shoes I ever got . They have a high heel like women 's shoes . I am only seven , and I like to wear high heels . Little girls will love them!Mom says , `` They are very sturdy and well-made , as can be expected from Nine West . My daughter wears them to school and runs around all day in them . She says they are comfortable . ''
 i HAVE PURCHASED ANNIE PEANUT BEFORE AND THEY ARE THE MOST COMFORTABLE SHOES I OWN . I HAVE BEEN LOOKING FOR THE DENIM IN MY SIZE FOR AGES AND I FOUND THEM ON AMAZON , I SITE I ALSO HAVE USED MANY TIMES BEFORE . THEY ARE BOTH GREAT .
 These are my favorite shoes of all time . I first bought these in denim , and wore them out , so I ordered 2 more pairs . Now I have them in black and champagne . They are very comfortable and can be worn all day . I have given them as gifts to friends that love them too . I take these shoes everywhere and would highly recommend them !!!
 i am completely satisfied in the manner my order was delivered.the shoes are just as awesome as the advertisement showed them to be .
 Since I was little -LRB- and they did n't make many women 's soccer shoes -RRB- , I 've been buying these . They are really nice and soft so there was no breaking in required . Heal was a bit hard so I put a heal pad in back which solved any blister problems . Do n't go a size up like when buying running shoes . You want these to fit snug ! I 'm a 9 womens and usually buy 9 1/2 running shoe . I bought these in Men 's 7 .
 this is the second time ive purchased cleats that cost over $ 55 . my first experience was with a $ 95 nike pair of cleats but I was not at all impressed . After getting suggestions from numerous people , I finally decided to give the copas a try . I went to a few shops to try on some pairs and after talking with shop owners and a handful of users , i decided to order a pair online . This cleat is the most comfortable cleat ive had on my feet . the Kangaroo leather is really soft and its just a testament to its history.That being said , make sure you try them on at a shop before ordering online . I decided to order online for $ 96 after shipping/tax compared to $ 120 not including tax at the store . You will hear from everyone that has any experience with copas that the kangaroo leather WILL stretch significantly so make sure you get a size that is a pretty tight fit in the store . Personally I ordered a half size down but after my first game with them on I had to step off the field for a second to retie/tighten both my cleats because they had gotten so loose . It seems to be fine now but looking back , i may have even go down ANOTHER half size when I purchase my next pair.from other users , if you play in the rain or get them wet , IMMEDIATELY after playing , stuff them with newspaper or they will soak up all the water.Again , expect it to stretch because it definitely WILL .
 Best cleats ever !! Kangaroo leather holds up and breathes better . Plastic hurts my daughters feet gives blisters . Copas give best feel with the ball .
 These are probably the second best boots I 've owned -LRB- out of @ 3 dozen -RRB- . I generally do n't like Adidas boots but I saw a lot of good reviews for the Adidas Copa Mundial.First , yes they are very confortable and fit really nice with ONE exception . I think they are too narrow . Not as narrow as Puma boots , but too narrow for my comfort . I did develop a little blister on each foot but that was becasue I did not give the shoes enough `` break-in '' time which you should always do . -LRB- PS I finally broke these in faster by wearing them in luke warm water for 20 minutes and then letting them dry on my feet . worked great -RRB- Second , the sole cushioning could be a little better . I do n't know if the cushioning on this boot is too hard or if it felt hard because of the narrowness of the boot . Either way , it could be worse.Overall , I really like this boot . It has great feel and fits like a glove .
 Very good soccer cleats . This is the first pair i buy and I 'm very happy with them . I read some prior reviews so i bought them a half size smaller and they fit perfectly with the thick socks that i use , if you do n't like thick socks i recommend yo buy one full size smaller . They took about two weeks to arrive but I 'm not considering that in this review .
 Put simply great boots . No fancy colors , plastics . Just a good boot with soft leather that moulds to the foot.There is a reason they have kept the design for so many years .
 The copa mundial has been the best selling soccer boot for the last 20 plus years . There is a reason for it . First , the styling is simple and elegant . Three white stripes and that it . My cleats have last over 10 years and then i bought the exact pair again . Why ? The comfort and fit . The Kangaroo skin leather stretches to molds to your foot for a permanent custom fit . Try them and you will become a believer . They are the gold standard of soccer boots .
 This shoe is a great shoe . very comfortable and feels great the first time you put it on . and then it only gets better.one of favorite cleats ever owned .
 You could spend $ 40 and be miserable and have absolutely NO TOUCH on the soccer ball . . or ... you could spend a little extra money and get the best all around soccer shoe on the planet . There 's a reason why year after year adidas NEVER changes this shoe ... It 's a classic and a must have for any real soccer player .
 Great pair of boots . I buy one every year for my son who plays 5 days a week in them . They last longer that the pretty boots and give a better grip that the blaves on the harder grounds that we play on hrer .
 I wanted something that was nice quality and not flourescent or ghetto . This really was one of the only choices . Nice shoe . Great quality . Laces are really long .
 For years my two sons have not been able to find a soccer shoe that properly fits their feet.So we special order size 15 for one son and a size 12 1/2 for the other . Neither shoe can be bought in stores . A size 12 is too small and a size 13 is too big . My sons have been using Copas for several years now and will probably keep getting them as long as they can be purchased in their sizes .
 This is a time tested style that is mother approved -LRB- mother wore them in the '70s and '80s and was high scorer for years -RRB- . I now buy them online and will open my own shop for shoes once the boys grow out of all the sizes I have bought over the years .
 Es un excelente producto , se ajusta bien al pie y solo tengo una sugerencia , deben indicar el largo exacto del zapato para evitar que uno compre algo que le quede grande y asi no perder la compra
 There is a reason why a football shoe released in 1979 is still being sold in 2012 . The leather is soft and it took about 10 min to break in ... . Just kidding but you wo n't feel any discomfort . This is my first pair and I must say its the best shoe I have ever owned . Buy a 1/2 size smaller or go try them out in a store just to be sure .
 I ordered these soccer shoes , got them on time and really love them on the soccer field . Soccer has never been as pleasurable to play as when I have these Adidas . They are the perfect thing I had always looking for for outdoor games . Love them and the price is reasonable for the quality . I frankly used many soccer shoes before but I just never got shoes that please the eyes , feat the foot and are comfortable for all 90 minutes !
 These are great Soccer Cleats . One size less than my sneakers . They run a little large , and are comfortable even though I have wide feet .
 Very comfortable , no breaking in period . Slightly too big , but a new inner sole took up the extra space . This is my second pair . The first pair lasted 6 years . I 'm female , normally wear 7.5 wide in women 's , but I could n't find any women 's cleats that fit . These do the job .
 I have been playing soccer for about 20 years now . I have been buying copa 's for the last 8 years . This is my 3rd pair . The leather is very soft and the grip on grass surfaces is excellent . Highyly recommend the shoes to anyone playing futbol
 I love these cleats . I just bought my third pair of them . I play an average of 2-3x a week in different leagues and pickup games and each pair has lasted 2-3 years . I keep buying them for a reason ; they are the best cleats I 've ever worn . Comfortable with great touch and durable enough that I do n't mind how often I need to replace them .
 I love Copa 's . This is my second pair of Copas . I looked EVERYWHERE and amazon.com has the best price by far . These are a great solid pair of soccer boots
 I so love the kangaroo leather.They fit like gloves.My feet do n't hurt even on the 1st day.Feels great touching and kicking the ball.This is my 4th pair since my high school days.These boots are the best so far .
 They are much more comfortable than my old cheap Adidas predator soccer cleats . Those were a waste of money . I was losing my faith in Adidas but with these cleats my faith came back . Do n't buy cheap cleats unless you have a lot of money to spend on a Chiropractic.I definitely recommend these cleats . They are not as expensive as other professional soccer cleats and perform very well in natural and artificial fields . I was reading that the Adidas Adipure were comfortable too , but let me tell you that these cleats have been the best selling cleats for so long for a reason .
 I 'm a big fan of Adidas soccer shoes and the Copa Mundials are classics . The shoes are great , light weight , and easily conform to my feet . I ca n't recommend them enough . I would n't wear anything else .
 Some of the other reviewers are stating that this shoe saw them through 3 years , 5 years and sometimes even 15 years . I must be much more demanding on my footwear since my pair of Copas went one year -LRB- almost to the day -RRB- before the leather on the right shoe split . To be fair , I previously had a few pairs of cheap Nike 's and those would live about 3 months.Regardless , this is still the best boot I 've tried and I 'm happily on my second pair now .
 I have had these shoes for over 8 years and they are very durable . The best part is they have a great feel on the ball for dribbling . These are some of the best i have ever owned .
 The Adidas Copa Mundial -LRB- Copa Mundial means World Cup in Spanish -RRB- initially came out in 1979 , but was designed for the 1982 FIFA World Cup games in Spain . I purchased my first pair of Copas two decades ago for $ 60 . Although the Copas have increased in price and have slightly changed since that time , I continue to wear this shoe for a number of reasons . The 100 % kangaroo leather upper is extremely comfortable and soft . I suggest buying the shoe a little snug and allowing the thin leather to stretch and mold to your foot . I also like the classic and humble look of the shoe . These shoes do n't draw attention to you like a lot of the ugly shoes on the market do today . They do allow you to use your skills to help your team to the best of your abilities . It should be noted that two years ago Adidas came out with a 25th anniversary package for the Copas . The limited-edition package included a bunch of extras -LRB- wooden shoe trees , a key chain , etc. -RRB- that I do not think are needed .
 I am on my seventh pair of Copa Mundials and I continue to be impressed . When you have a winning combination of looks , feel , and performance , you have no reason to change what you 're doing . Just be sure to buy a size and a half smaller than your normal sneaker size , as the kangaroo leather stretches to conform to your feet . Also , do no expect to get more than one season out of the shoes , unless you have a lot of duct tape handy !
 Excelent ! , hard to football and soft to my feet XD ... great quality ass adidas always do , durable and exactly like my needs .
 to grip the ground very good , soft skin , hit the ball very stable . Only size is not competable with USA . According to Nike my shoes size is 9 but shoes size of Adidas is 8 . It is so difficult for me when I give online order . This shoes is strongly recomended ...
 Best shoes ever sold . Been wearing them since I was 14 , and will never change . Tried to get a trendy pair before , but was greatly disappointed . Shipping was really fast to my FPO address . Thank you .
 Worth the investment ... no more blisters like with the lower-end shoes ... High quality classic tried & true design , nice soft leather , great fit . Not a flashy pair of cleats but gets the job done . Great price at Amazon ... Arrived quickly , very satisfied .
 I can add little to the other - mostly - glowing reviews of this product . Notwithstanding what others have said , my view is that the cleat runs SLIGHTLY small , so you may need to add half a size to what you normally take.I referee rather than play , so admittedly do not subject tham to the same abuse as others might , but my first pair lasted several years , and to be honest , I am replacing them only because the leather became somewhat stiff - my fault for not treating them every so often .
 I did order it , but I made wrong size . Right now I want to buy it , how can I get the price like befor -LRB- $ 72.00 -RRB- ?
 The Adidas Copa Mundial is the BEST soccer cleat available , especially forthe price . It is not a fancy or colorful cleat but it does the job !
 I owned probably 5 pairs of the Kaisers -LRB- the calfskin version of the Copas , back when they existed -RRB- several years ago . I was a solid 12 , 12.5 back then . Now I 'm apparently an 11 , and my feet are the same size I 'm pretty sure . Just wanted to give people a heads-up , since unlike Zappos you do n't get free send-backs if you order the wrong size.Otherwise , a great cleat as always ! I 'm glad they still make these .
 The copa mundial has been the best selling soccer shoe for the last 20 plus years . There is a reason for it . First , the styling is simple and elegant . Three white stripes and that it . My cleats have last over 10 years and then i bought the exact pair again . Why ? The comfort and fit . The Kangaroo skin leather stretches to molds to your foot for a permanent custom fit . Try them and you will become a believer .
 I 've purchased several pairs of the cleats over the years . They 're very comfortable for how light they are . I like that they do n't flex too much on the bottom .
 Amazon Soccer Shoe PurchaseThe product was delivered as promised.It was appropriately delivered as described including the color and size .
 I play rugby in mine . I wore them in the shower the first day i got them , and i have never had blisters !
 Classic Boot . Handles great , quality construction . Really comfortable . I really like the simplicity of the style , not to much . Great traction on the pitch great ball control .
 This is my second pair of Copa Mundials . My first lasted for three years or six seasons as I played all through the year -LRB- all weather plus summer 7 a side games at lunch -RRB- . My first pair stretched over time and ultimately fell apart everywhere at the same time - so no apparent design or fabrication weakness was evident . They remained comfortable until the very end with only an insole replacement required at the end of every year.My second pair has arrived promptly and I slept in them last night much to the chagrin of my wife!A very comfortable , hard-wearing and light soccer shoe for training , games and kick a rounds . Ideal for soft to hard to harder turf surfaces but they also do quite well in the wet . If its too wet -LRB- ie standing water or a water logged field -RRB- I switch to my Adidas Predators -LRB- which are less comfortable and last for half the time ! -RRB- .
 I 've been using these Copas for twenty years . I 've got size 12.5 , AA feet . Hard to find cleats , no ? But these Copas are great . And the fact that , regardless of width , they 're going to stretch or mold to your feet because of the kangaroo leather means after a couple of times , your feet will be happy.This last pair , they just were perfect right off the bat . As I remember though , you do want to oil them if you 're getting them wet in the mud -LRB- dries out the leather -RRB- .
 Awesome cleats . Comfortable and Amazing . Price is good , I almost cheeped out to save $ 30 to buy another pair and I 'm so glad I did n't . I 'd recommend these cleats and plan to be a lifetime customer of the Copa 's .
 This was purchased as a Christmas gift . I have worn these shoes since I was 12 and would never buy a different kind of shoe . The gift was ontime for Christmas and the correct size was shipped .
 Shoes feel great right out of the box . I 've only had a couple of opportunities to wear them so far ... and I 'm very satisfied !
 This shoe is solid for what it is supposed to do . Very good feel and much more comfortable than many others purchased before . I have ' t had them long enough to evaluate their durability . I would definitely get a 1/2 size smaller than you normally would as mine were just a little larger than normal and all other reviews stated the shoes would stretch .
 Clear descriptions and options for purchasing . Very efficient , fast delivery and top quality goods - thank you !
 These are truly the best boots in the history of the game . The kangaroo leather has performed outstandingly and I strongly recommend them to anybody serious about their football . And no , being from Australia , I am not concerned about our native animal being used for sporting goods . Their overpopulation were slated to be culled and we even eat their meat!But back to the boots , they will give you incredible amounts of touch and control . The only problem I have with them are that they are more suited to people with narrow to normal feet . I have wide feet and although the leather has stretched to accommodate my feet well , the outer sole has not . If only Adidas would release a pair for wider feet , these boots would be getting 5 starts . And you should make sure they fit snugly to your feet , almost tight , because the leather will stretch a little.If only companies would produce boots of this quality , instead of releasing plastic garbage ...
 the reason why the Copa Mundial has been on the market for 25 + years is that it is the best soccer shoe available.The leather stays in fantastic shape , even when you ca n't find the time to mink-oil it . The shoe withstands all-weather conditions . I 've played in snow , blistering heat in the desert , rainstorms , mud , everything . These shoes recover nicely and have given me plenty of mileage.My first pair gave out on me after four or five full seasons playing year-round . The stitching around the sole of the shoe gave out on me . My next pair of Copas picked right up where the others left off -- no blisters on my feet or ankles . Like wearing a house slipper , which are what soccer shoes are supposed to feel like.I will only buy Copas as long as they are available .
 I have been playing soccer for 13 years at many different levels -LRB- rec , select , high school , and college -RRB- . I bought my first pair of copa 's 9 years ago . They are by far the best cleats around for under $ ... They have lasted me about 2 years for each pair . They offer superb ball control , grip , ball feel , and kick velocity . They are simply the only thing I will wear to play competitive soccer .
 This cleats are great . They are comfortable . Only thing you need to know is that the size is bigger than usual . If you wear a US9 usually , u need only to buy a US8 .
 After playing with these for the last two years , here are my thoughts : Suitable playing surface
 let me preface by saying that my previous shoes were $ 350 -LRB- I pre-ordered and received them the day they came out -RRB- bright orange , F50 prime , that weighed 5 oz each . COOL ! is what everybody thought about those rocket boots . I still love them even though they are all stretched and worn out after about a year of daily use . I also have my older F50 adizero chameleons -LRB- now cleaned up and for display -RRB- and those were more than double the price of the copa as well . Now , I still prefer the orange primes over my new copas when it is wet and muddy , because they are plastic they can be hosed off easily and forgotten about until needed again . I knew I needed to move away from F50s when they came out with the micoach computerized model . because I dislike micoach and it 's generally very-buggy software . -LRB- a former micoach pacer addict , here -RRB- . NOT HOT ... You need to take care of them . I tried the shower trick when they were new and treat them often about once a week at least with leatherfood from eurosport . Traction is slightly less . They do not run as fast . -LRB- if you have n't worn out several pairs of top line F50s then you will probably just say `` lame excuse , you just ca n't run as fast as you want to '' ... my 100m PR is 11s even and I can do a 5k in 16:50 -RRB- They just do n't feel as fast as the TOTL synthetics ; in football speed is n't everything.So the copa traction is not as good , the speed is not as good . They are more than double the weight . So ... what makes these shoes worthy of a 5 star review ??? SMOKING HOT ... here the magic of the copa comes in . Whatever hesitation I would have , that extra touch I always felt I needed before letting off a shot or pass , it 's gone . I am finally at the point where I can start learning juggling tricks . I 've been playing since I was 4 and up through HS of course , but about a year ago I really stepped up my game . I worked hard to get where I am , and I 'm not letting shoes take the credit for that . but I do think they help.Some day , adidas -LRB- and nike and friends -RRB- will figure out how to make a plastic shoe with better touch than K-leather . but that day has not yet come . You will be able to have your boot custom made exactly to your foot as precision-measured by a robot . but that day has not yet come . You will be able to print your own designs on your boots in any colour of the rainbow . but that day has not yet come . Everybody in the world will be able to afford a pair , and they will last forever . unless you want a new pair , and then the old boots will instantly turn into delicious cookies and beer . but that day has not yet come . Until that day comes I do n't see anything better than copas , for me.If you look in the dictionary under football cleat you will see a picture of adidas copa . I 'm no superstar ; I pay to play , I do n't get paid to play . I 'm like everybody who just wants to have fun on the field and if you are the same , you should at least consider your next shoes a pair of copas too.That being said , if you 've been wearing copas for the last four hundred years , and would never , ever , consider anything else , go out and try on the latest obscenely-expensive , all-synthetic , high-fashion boot . You may just be pleasantly surprised . At least enjoy modern technology once in a while . I will be buying another pair of F50s before long . I am simply addicted to the speed and the colours.P.S . Messi wears F50s , sure . but he wears very special leather F50s , not plastic ones . If I want to be like messi I will wear his shirt of which I have several . Not his latest adidas boot ...
 The moment you put them on ... they are broken in i.e. they do not give you blisters . They are light weight and they do not slide around on your foot and they are easy to `` cut '' with . Overall , these shoes are great and they seem to last a long time .
 My Copas died on me during a game today . The leather front tore away from the sole of my right shoe when I was making a sharp cut . It was a very sad day for me , as this pair of shoes has lasted me 15 years . I used them in my senior year of high school , during club and intramural games throughout college , and throughout several different intramural leagues wherever I lived over the years . They survived rain , mud , grass , and dirt . I have wide feet , and I remember thinking when I first bought them that they would n't last that long , since my wide feet would stretch out the leather too much . Boy was I wrong.I am now debating whether to just duct tape my right shoe or buy another pair . I will probably opt for the latter , but I still have no doubt that a duct-taped right Copa shoe would last longer and give you better playability than the average shoe on the market .
 I 've played soccer all my life and this is one of the best soccer shoes ever made . Very durable , very comfortable , soft leather , nice fit .
 Cleats , turfs and flats , I will not wear anything but Copa mundials . These are the best cleats ever invented and you will not regret getting these ! They do not need to be broken in , they are so comfortable ! Call it old-school but they are the best cleats on the market .
 I would 've given this 5 stars but the sizing chart was wrong . I wear an 8 in womens so based off the charts a men 's 6.5 should work but the 6.5 is too big . I should 've gotten a 6 . Unfortunately it 's too late for me to return because I had to wear them for a game because I needed cleats . I 'll have to double or triple sock so my foot does n't slide too much.I used to wear Copa 's all through club , high school , and college futbol and I switched to some Adidas predators and bad decision ! Get these cleats and you wo n't be disappointed . But go to a local store and find try them on to find your size and then either buy in the store or online .
 Eran para u regalo y qede muy conforme con la compra . . La entrega fue m&aacute;s r&aacute;pida de lo esperado . . todo deacuerdo a la publicacion . . son increible
 Adidas has great cleats.I would not even try to use any other . I used adidas cleats since I was 8 . Nothing to say against this one . It is simply classic and one of the best cleats ever . Comfortable , durable and does jobwhat can you say about cleats more
 This is my 2nd pair of Copas . First lasted 4 years , playing on average 1-2 times per week . Most comfortable and longest lasting soccer boot . Also has round studs on the bottom which I find to be much better than the rectangular studs .
 They were , are and will be the best soccer shoes ever made to play soccer . I bought them from Venezuela and I 'm really satisfied with my purchase .
 lo mejor de lo mejor en zapatos de futbol a nivel mundial desde mucho tiempo atras y a superado el tiempo
 These cleats are the best . I did n't want to spend a lot of money on them since I do n't play competitively anymore but after too many seasons of blisters I went back to these . I love them , there 's a reason they 've been the go to clear for so many years .
 It 's good to have a company with experience in sports , this style will stick , it 's just great for those who are demanding in soccer . I personally , are my first pair , but have met my expectations . Zuela a fantastic , durable and suitable for any soccer field . The only problem that you do not at the front where the rivets will over time tend to break away a bit , which in the winter makes it adiera land and move off . but , considering the use that I gave in almost 5 months , have responded . I have used on average 4 times per week . recommend
 SportsBasement sells this great soccer-boot for under $ 100 -LRB- actually $ 95 -RRB- . So why bother with these `` preferred '' e-tailers ? I am heading there right now !
 hey i just got interested in soccer because my friends wanted me on the school team , well i said ok but i did n't think i would really have to go onto it . Well i needed cleats and they said these . Now i 've seen abunch of cleats and these look kewl and it 's a good price
 The Adidas Copa Mundial is like titled the Toyota Camry of soccer cleats . It 's not the most reliable , not the most flashiest , surely not the most cheapest , but it does n't do anything bad . I have owned 2 pairs in my life , and got a combined 7 years out of the 2 . The cleat is very good depending on what type of style you play . If your a more english/european type who strikes long balls , and hard crosses , this is the perfect cleat for you . If your a more touch/on the ground type say from latin america , this might not be the best cleat for you , but is still decent . If your playing on smaller side fields , this may not be a good cleat , because your passes may need to be weighted softer , and in my experience , it is harder to make the ball slow or stop before it rolls out . The profile of the cleat is very good so that if you strike it from a good angle , the ball will not take an unnatural slice , unless you try to make it do so . All in all , it is quite worth the $ 99.99 that you pay for it . The only drawback , it only comes in the standard mostly black with white stripes adidas , no other colors .
 Great cleats , very comfortables , great price , very fast delivery . I play collegiate soccer and would not wear any other cleats .
 It 's market longevity and success pretty much speaks for itself . The cleat is comfortable and aids in `` touch '' in soccer or other applications of the shoe -LRB- If you would use them in football for a low cut alternative -RRB- . I had a pair of these when I was younger for soccer and eventually outgrew them , so I ordered another pair recently since 13M is somewhat hard to find in local sporting goods stores . Excellent shoe , good price with free shipping . If you are unsure about your actual size ; I suggest trying them on at a store since they can be considered somewhat narrow .
 These were purchased for my son and have not let us down . Kangaroo Leather combines with a design that has not changed in over 15 years . There is no break in and they last as good as any soccer shoe . There is a reason it is worn by many pros and college teams . You ca n't go wrong with the Copa .
 I bought this shoe for the first time about 20 years ago and it is still the best . I tried many others . It adjusts perfectly to the foot after a while , you can use on all grass terrain . And who would believe it
 Excellent product , I make a lot of comfort in playing soccer.I would recommend to my son and to my friends .
 A great boot . I 've been using the Copa Mudial for 15 + years . They last a long time , feel great and are just a classic .
 Reliable on the feet , soft Leather having a nice support and weight.great for running and very durable if maintained right .
 I had exchanged size 9 , the usual size , as they were just a little too big . Apart from that they 're great .
 These Copa 's were one of the first pairs of cleats I ever purchased , well over 20 years ago . Since then I have used many other cleats but decided to go back to my roots , as it were , and use them again . They are still great shoes - supple , simple , and effective .
 I thought that people no longer bought Copa Mundial . . but I was glad to see if for sale.It fits great right off the box . It is a no brainer purchase compare to the dozens of choices in the field ...
 comfortable , reliable , and it preforms . In today 's game , the classics are what stand out . Everyone is wearing neon green , pink , plastic shoes that will be popular for a month then fade . Oh and they cost $ 400 . This boot will never stop preforming and looking great .
 Extremely Great product and service . Service was a concern being far away and first time online puchase . But would strongly recomend these guys and these prodcuts as first choice.Best advice , Before buying from them is to check youre local store for shoe size , i was lucky enough becuase ive worn copas before and know the exact size.In high regardsGot Football
 My son wears these boots straight out of the box ! They are such a comfortable fit that he says they 're like putting on your slippers . It 's a classic style but it works - why change it . They are slightly larger in size than other Adidas boots but once you get the right size you 'll never change .
 These are just the greatest cleats ever made . Simple , yet so comfortable.Don ' t doubt it any longer , these are the ones .
 One of the few soccer shoes still made in Germany . Leather is very soft and shoes do n't need to be broken into . I 've been using this shoe for many years now .
 These are my 12 y.o son 's 2nd pair of these cleats . They are leather and stretch to his wide feet.Shipped FAST , just in time for a practice and his next game . He was very pleased . Paid shipping , tax and shipping that was less than going into a store and purchasing them . Definitely the way to go ! yay !
 These shoes are consistent - great fit , no break-in time , and decent wear . This is the third time I 've purchased them and have had no problems .
 My son likes these shoes , they are comfortable with soft leather . They look old school . I am surprised that soccer shoes have progressed with advanced in soles with arch supports . I have not seen any with them .
 It 's very soft and comfortable to your feet . I 'm a soccer referee and it game easier ...
 It 's really good product . I am very satisfied it . The only my problem is that its size is lttle bigger than I was expecting . For example , if you normally use 9,5 US size , I recommend you to buy 9 .
 My husband started playing soccer on Saturdays with some friends and he did n't have any soccer cleats so he used his old football cleats for months . I decided to look into soccer cleats and found these Adidas Copa Mundial 's . They were at a decent price , carried half sizes and had a few good reviews . I took a chance ; and when my husband tried them on , he absolutely loved them . And , of course , they were so much lighter than his football cleats . They fit him perfectly , they look great on him , and he says that they feel great.Thank you !
 I PLAY SOCCER EVERY DAY . THESE CLEATS ARE AMAZING . I SCORED TWO GOALS IN THE FIRST GAME I WORE THESE IN .
 Shoe aside this has been the worst Amazon experience ever . I have been buying shoes online for years never had a sizing issue . These shoes run 1 size larger than stated . Bought a size 11 for my son . Received them and they were about 1/2 inch too long in the toe . Checked the reviews thinking that maybe they run too big and my bad for not checking ahead of time . There was no concensus in the reviews for sizing.So , thinking that maybe somehow these were tagged incorrectly called Amazon -LRB- in the Phillipines , really annoying -RRB- and they nicely arranged for another pair to be sent to exchange all for free . No issue here . Got the next pair , same thing these shoes are larger than the listed size period.Still wanted these shoes so I went to my local sporting goods store with my son to size them in person . Sure enough a size 10 was perfect . I have not bought a size 10 for my son in 3 years.Finally , what irritated me the most was Amazon . I am sending back both pairs of size 11 for free which is great . One thing I did n't mention was that when I first bought these I received a $ 20 off promo . I called Amazon Phillipines again , because when I went to buy the size 10 from them I could n't get the $ 20 off . After spending 20 minutes on the phone with this guy it turns out the would n't give me the $ 20 off on the replacement pair.Was pretty disapointed on the discount situation and sizing issue .
 I needed a new pair of cleats so I asked around and heard these were pretty stellar boots . I was super excited when I bought these but when I finally got them I was really disappointed ... The cleats are probably great , but I got the wrong size . When I tried them on they seemed to fit alright but I thought they might be a little loose . Well , come to find out , they were really loose . I played in them and sprained my ankle and it still has n't healed . The shoe might be great but I ca n't really say because mine do n't fit and I ca n't return them . My advice
 ordered for first time using this siteitem delivered in time frame givengoods were as ordered and true to sizewould use them again great servicethanks pete australia
 My husband plays soccer and he will not buy soccer cleats other than this kind . He tends to wear them out every 2 years and then just rebuys the same kind . As far as soccer cleats go , I think these ones are the best .
 excelente envio , muy satisfecha con el trabajo , el pedido llego antes de la fecha estipulada , gracias , espero continuen trabajando de esa manera para seguir confiando en ustedes
 Very cute and comfortable , bought it again when UPS lost my first pair shipping them home from vacation . Had to have them , never enough sparkles in my life .
 These Copa 's were one of the first pairs of cleats I ever purchased , well over 20 years ago . Since then I have used many other cleats but decided to go back to my roots , as it were , and use them again . They are still great shoes - supple , simple , and effective .
 I thought that people no longer bought Copa Mundial . . but I was glad to see if for sale.It fits great right off the box . It is a no brainer purchase compare to the dozens of choices in the field ...
 comfortable , reliable , and it preforms . In today 's game , the classics are what stand out . Everyone is wearing neon green , pink , plastic shoes that will be popular for a month then fade . Oh and they cost $ 400 . This boot will never stop preforming and looking great .
 Extremely Great product and service . Service was a concern being far away and first time online puchase . But would strongly recomend these guys and these prodcuts as first choice.Best advice , Before buying from them is to check youre local store for shoe size , i was lucky enough becuase ive worn copas before and know the exact size.In high regardsGot Football
 My son wears these boots straight out of the box ! They are such a comfortable fit that he says they 're like putting on your slippers . It 's a classic style but it works - why change it . They are slightly larger in size than other Adidas boots but once you get the right size you 'll never change .
 These are just the greatest cleats ever made . Simple , yet so comfortable.Don ' t doubt it any longer , these are the ones .
 One of the few soccer shoes still made in Germany . Leather is very soft and shoes do n't need to be broken into . I 've been using this shoe for many years now .
 These are my 12 y.o son 's 2nd pair of these cleats . They are leather and stretch to his wide feet.Shipped FAST , just in time for a practice and his next game . He was very pleased . Paid shipping , tax and shipping that was less than going into a store and purchasing them . Definitely the way to go ! yay !
 These shoes are consistent - great fit , no break-in time , and decent wear . This is the third time I 've purchased them and have had no problems .
 My son likes these shoes , they are comfortable with soft leather . They look old school . I am surprised that soccer shoes have progressed with advanced in soles with arch supports . I have not seen any with them .
 The Adidas Copa Mundial is like titled the Toyota Camry of soccer cleats . It 's not the most reliable , not the most flashiest , surely not the most cheapest , but it does n't do anything bad . I have owned 2 pairs in my life , and got a combined 7 years out of the 2 . The cleat is very good depending on what type of style you play . If your a more english/european type who strikes long balls , and hard crosses , this is the perfect cleat for you . If your a more touch/on the ground type say from latin america , this might not be the best cleat for you , but is still decent . If your playing on smaller side fields , this may not be a good cleat , because your passes may need to be weighted softer , and in my experience , it is harder to make the ball slow or stop before it rolls out . The profile of the cleat is very good so that if you strike it from a good angle , the ball will not take an unnatural slice , unless you try to make it do so . All in all , it is quite worth the $ 99.99 that you pay for it . The only drawback , it only comes in the standard mostly black with white stripes adidas , no other colors .
 Great cleats , very comfortables , great price , very fast delivery . I play collegiate soccer and would not wear any other cleats .
 It 's market longevity and success pretty much speaks for itself . The cleat is comfortable and aids in `` touch '' in soccer or other applications of the shoe -LRB- If you would use them in football for a low cut alternative -RRB- . I had a pair of these when I was younger for soccer and eventually outgrew them , so I ordered another pair recently since 13M is somewhat hard to find in local sporting goods stores . Excellent shoe , good price with free shipping . If you are unsure about your actual size ; I suggest trying them on at a store since they can be considered somewhat narrow .
 These were purchased for my son and have not let us down . Kangaroo Leather combines with a design that has not changed in over 15 years . There is no break in and they last as good as any soccer shoe . There is a reason it is worn by many pros and college teams . You ca n't go wrong with the Copa .
 I bought this shoe for the first time about 20 years ago and it is still the best . I tried many others . It adjusts perfectly to the foot after a while , you can use on all grass terrain . And who would believe it
 Excellent product , I make a lot of comfort in playing soccer.I would recommend to my son and to my friends .
 A great boot . I 've been using the Copa Mudial for 15 + years . They last a long time , feel great and are just a classic .
 Reliable on the feet , soft Leather having a nice support and weight.great for running and very durable if maintained right .
 I had exchanged size 9 , the usual size , as they were just a little too big . Apart from that they 're great .
 These are truly the best boots in the history of the game . The kangaroo leather has performed outstandingly and I strongly recommend them to anybody serious about their football . And no , being from Australia , I am not concerned about our native animal being used for sporting goods . Their overpopulation were slated to be culled and we even eat their meat!But back to the boots , they will give you incredible amounts of touch and control . The only problem I have with them are that they are more suited to people with narrow to normal feet . I have wide feet and although the leather has stretched to accommodate my feet well , the outer sole has not . If only Adidas would release a pair for wider feet , these boots would be getting 5 starts . And you should make sure they fit snugly to your feet , almost tight , because the leather will stretch a little.If only companies would produce boots of this quality , instead of releasing plastic garbage ...
 the reason why the Copa Mundial has been on the market for 25 + years is that it is the best soccer shoe available.The leather stays in fantastic shape , even when you ca n't find the time to mink-oil it . The shoe withstands all-weather conditions . I 've played in snow , blistering heat in the desert , rainstorms , mud , everything . These shoes recover nicely and have given me plenty of mileage.My first pair gave out on me after four or five full seasons playing year-round . The stitching around the sole of the shoe gave out on me . My next pair of Copas picked right up where the others left off -- no blisters on my feet or ankles . Like wearing a house slipper , which are what soccer shoes are supposed to feel like.I will only buy Copas as long as they are available .
 I have been playing soccer for 13 years at many different levels -LRB- rec , select , high school , and college -RRB- . I bought my first pair of copa 's 9 years ago . They are by far the best cleats around for under $ ... They have lasted me about 2 years for each pair . They offer superb ball control , grip , ball feel , and kick velocity . They are simply the only thing I will wear to play competitive soccer .
 This cleats are great . They are comfortable . Only thing you need to know is that the size is bigger than usual . If you wear a US9 usually , u need only to buy a US8 .
 After playing with these for the last two years , here are my thoughts : Suitable playing surface
 let me preface by saying that my previous shoes were $ 350 -LRB- I pre-ordered and received them the day they came out -RRB- bright orange , F50 prime , that weighed 5 oz each . COOL ! is what everybody thought about those rocket boots . I still love them even though they are all stretched and worn out after about a year of daily use . I also have my older F50 adizero chameleons -LRB- now cleaned up and for display -RRB- and those were more than double the price of the copa as well . Now , I still prefer the orange primes over my new copas when it is wet and muddy , because they are plastic they can be hosed off easily and forgotten about until needed again . I knew I needed to move away from F50s when they came out with the micoach computerized model . because I dislike micoach and it 's generally very-buggy software . -LRB- a former micoach pacer addict , here -RRB- . NOT HOT ... You need to take care of them . I tried the shower trick when they were new and treat them often about once a week at least with leatherfood from eurosport . Traction is slightly less . They do not run as fast . -LRB- if you have n't worn out several pairs of top line F50s then you will probably just say `` lame excuse , you just ca n't run as fast as you want to '' ... my 100m PR is 11s even and I can do a 5k in 16:50 -RRB- They just do n't feel as fast as the TOTL synthetics ; in football speed is n't everything.So the copa traction is not as good , the speed is not as good . They are more than double the weight . So ... what makes these shoes worthy of a 5 star review ??? SMOKING HOT ... here the magic of the copa comes in . Whatever hesitation I would have , that extra touch I always felt I needed before letting off a shot or pass , it 's gone . I am finally at the point where I can start learning juggling tricks . I 've been playing since I was 4 and up through HS of course , but about a year ago I really stepped up my game . I worked hard to get where I am , and I 'm not letting shoes take the credit for that . but I do think they help.Some day , adidas -LRB- and nike and friends -RRB- will figure out how to make a plastic shoe with better touch than K-leather . but that day has not yet come . You will be able to have your boot custom made exactly to your foot as precision-measured by a robot . but that day has not yet come . You will be able to print your own designs on your boots in any colour of the rainbow . but that day has not yet come . Everybody in the world will be able to afford a pair , and they will last forever . unless you want a new pair , and then the old boots will instantly turn into delicious cookies and beer . but that day has not yet come . Until that day comes I do n't see anything better than copas , for me.If you look in the dictionary under football cleat you will see a picture of adidas copa . I 'm no superstar ; I pay to play , I do n't get paid to play . I 'm like everybody who just wants to have fun on the field and if you are the same , you should at least consider your next shoes a pair of copas too.That being said , if you 've been wearing copas for the last four hundred years , and would never , ever , consider anything else , go out and try on the latest obscenely-expensive , all-synthetic , high-fashion boot . You may just be pleasantly surprised . At least enjoy modern technology once in a while . I will be buying another pair of F50s before long . I am simply addicted to the speed and the colours.P.S . Messi wears F50s , sure . but he wears very special leather F50s , not plastic ones . If I want to be like messi I will wear his shirt of which I have several . Not his latest adidas boot ...
 The moment you put them on ... they are broken in i.e. they do not give you blisters . They are light weight and they do not slide around on your foot and they are easy to `` cut '' with . Overall , these shoes are great and they seem to last a long time .
 My Copas died on me during a game today . The leather front tore away from the sole of my right shoe when I was making a sharp cut . It was a very sad day for me , as this pair of shoes has lasted me 15 years . I used them in my senior year of high school , during club and intramural games throughout college , and throughout several different intramural leagues wherever I lived over the years . They survived rain , mud , grass , and dirt . I have wide feet , and I remember thinking when I first bought them that they would n't last that long , since my wide feet would stretch out the leather too much . Boy was I wrong.I am now debating whether to just duct tape my right shoe or buy another pair . I will probably opt for the latter , but I still have no doubt that a duct-taped right Copa shoe would last longer and give you better playability than the average shoe on the market .
 I 've played soccer all my life and this is one of the best soccer shoes ever made . Very durable , very comfortable , soft leather , nice fit .
 Cleats , turfs and flats , I will not wear anything but Copa mundials . These are the best cleats ever invented and you will not regret getting these ! They do not need to be broken in , they are so comfortable ! Call it old-school but they are the best cleats on the market .
 I would 've given this 5 stars but the sizing chart was wrong . I wear an 8 in womens so based off the charts a men 's 6.5 should work but the 6.5 is too big . I should 've gotten a 6 . Unfortunately it 's too late for me to return because I had to wear them for a game because I needed cleats . I 'll have to double or triple sock so my foot does n't slide too much.I used to wear Copa 's all through club , high school , and college futbol and I switched to some Adidas predators and bad decision ! Get these cleats and you wo n't be disappointed . But go to a local store and find try them on to find your size and then either buy in the store or online .
 Eran para u regalo y qede muy conforme con la compra . . La entrega fue m&aacute;s r&aacute;pida de lo esperado . . todo deacuerdo a la publicacion . . son increible
 Adidas has great cleats.I would not even try to use any other . I used adidas cleats since I was 8 . Nothing to say against this one . It is simply classic and one of the best cleats ever . Comfortable , durable and does jobwhat can you say about cleats more
 This is my 2nd pair of Copas . First lasted 4 years , playing on average 1-2 times per week . Most comfortable and longest lasting soccer boot . Also has round studs on the bottom which I find to be much better than the rectangular studs .
 They were , are and will be the best soccer shoes ever made to play soccer . I bought them from Venezuela and I 'm really satisfied with my purchase .
 lo mejor de lo mejor en zapatos de futbol a nivel mundial desde mucho tiempo atras y a superado el tiempo
 These cleats are the best . I did n't want to spend a lot of money on them since I do n't play competitively anymore but after too many seasons of blisters I went back to these . I love them , there 's a reason they 've been the go to clear for so many years .
 Amazon Soccer Shoe PurchaseThe product was delivered as promised.It was appropriately delivered as described including the color and size .
 I play rugby in mine . I wore them in the shower the first day i got them , and i have never had blisters !
 Classic Boot . Handles great , quality construction . Really comfortable . I really like the simplicity of the style , not to much . Great traction on the pitch great ball control .
 This is my second pair of Copa Mundials . My first lasted for three years or six seasons as I played all through the year -LRB- all weather plus summer 7 a side games at lunch -RRB- . My first pair stretched over time and ultimately fell apart everywhere at the same time - so no apparent design or fabrication weakness was evident . They remained comfortable until the very end with only an insole replacement required at the end of every year.My second pair has arrived promptly and I slept in them last night much to the chagrin of my wife!A very comfortable , hard-wearing and light soccer shoe for training , games and kick a rounds . Ideal for soft to hard to harder turf surfaces but they also do quite well in the wet . If its too wet -LRB- ie standing water or a water logged field -RRB- I switch to my Adidas Predators -LRB- which are less comfortable and last for half the time ! -RRB- .
 I 've been using these Copas for twenty years . I 've got size 12.5 , AA feet . Hard to find cleats , no ? But these Copas are great . And the fact that , regardless of width , they 're going to stretch or mold to your feet because of the kangaroo leather means after a couple of times , your feet will be happy.This last pair , they just were perfect right off the bat . As I remember though , you do want to oil them if you 're getting them wet in the mud -LRB- dries out the leather -RRB- .
 Awesome cleats . Comfortable and Amazing . Price is good , I almost cheeped out to save $ 30 to buy another pair and I 'm so glad I did n't . I 'd recommend these cleats and plan to be a lifetime customer of the Copa 's .
 This was purchased as a Christmas gift . I have worn these shoes since I was 12 and would never buy a different kind of shoe . The gift was ontime for Christmas and the correct size was shipped .
 Shoes feel great right out of the box . I 've only had a couple of opportunities to wear them so far ... and I 'm very satisfied !
 This shoe is solid for what it is supposed to do . Very good feel and much more comfortable than many others purchased before . I have ' t had them long enough to evaluate their durability . I would definitely get a 1/2 size smaller than you normally would as mine were just a little larger than normal and all other reviews stated the shoes would stretch .
 Clear descriptions and options for purchasing . Very efficient , fast delivery and top quality goods - thank you !
 It 's good to have a company with experience in sports , this style will stick , it 's just great for those who are demanding in soccer . I personally , are my first pair , but have met my expectations . Zuela a fantastic , durable and suitable for any soccer field . The only problem that you do not at the front where the rivets will over time tend to break away a bit , which in the winter makes it adiera land and move off . but , considering the use that I gave in almost 5 months , have responded . I have used on average 4 times per week . recommend
 SportsBasement sells this great soccer-boot for under $ 100 -LRB- actually $ 95 -RRB- . So why bother with these `` preferred '' e-tailers ? I am heading there right now !
 hey i just got interested in soccer because my friends wanted me on the school team , well i said ok but i did n't think i would really have to go onto it . Well i needed cleats and they said these . Now i 've seen abunch of cleats and these look kewl and it 's a good price
 I have been playing soccer for about 20 years now . I have been buying copa 's for the last 8 years . This is my 3rd pair . The leather is very soft and the grip on grass surfaces is excellent . Highyly recommend the shoes to anyone playing futbol
 I love these cleats . I just bought my third pair of them . I play an average of 2-3x a week in different leagues and pickup games and each pair has lasted 2-3 years . I keep buying them for a reason ; they are the best cleats I 've ever worn . Comfortable with great touch and durable enough that I do n't mind how often I need to replace them .
 I love Copa 's . This is my second pair of Copas . I looked EVERYWHERE and amazon.com has the best price by far . These are a great solid pair of soccer boots
 I so love the kangaroo leather.They fit like gloves.My feet do n't hurt even on the 1st day.Feels great touching and kicking the ball.This is my 4th pair since my high school days.These boots are the best so far .
 They are much more comfortable than my old cheap Adidas predator soccer cleats . Those were a waste of money . I was losing my faith in Adidas but with these cleats my faith came back . Do n't buy cheap cleats unless you have a lot of money to spend on a Chiropractic.I definitely recommend these cleats . They are not as expensive as other professional soccer cleats and perform very well in natural and artificial fields . I was reading that the Adidas Adipure were comfortable too , but let me tell you that these cleats have been the best selling cleats for so long for a reason .
 I 'm a big fan of Adidas soccer shoes and the Copa Mundials are classics . The shoes are great , light weight , and easily conform to my feet . I ca n't recommend them enough . I would n't wear anything else .
 Some of the other reviewers are stating that this shoe saw them through 3 years , 5 years and sometimes even 15 years . I must be much more demanding on my footwear since my pair of Copas went one year -LRB- almost to the day -RRB- before the leather on the right shoe split . To be fair , I previously had a few pairs of cheap Nike 's and those would live about 3 months.Regardless , this is still the best boot I 've tried and I 'm happily on my second pair now .
 I have had these shoes for over 8 years and they are very durable . The best part is they have a great feel on the ball for dribbling . These are some of the best i have ever owned .
 The Adidas Copa Mundial -LRB- Copa Mundial means World Cup in Spanish -RRB- initially came out in 1979 , but was designed for the 1982 FIFA World Cup games in Spain . I purchased my first pair of Copas two decades ago for $ 60 . Although the Copas have increased in price and have slightly changed since that time , I continue to wear this shoe for a number of reasons . The 100 % kangaroo leather upper is extremely comfortable and soft . I suggest buying the shoe a little snug and allowing the thin leather to stretch and mold to your foot . I also like the classic and humble look of the shoe . These shoes do n't draw attention to you like a lot of the ugly shoes on the market do today . They do allow you to use your skills to help your team to the best of your abilities . It should be noted that two years ago Adidas came out with a 25th anniversary package for the Copas . The limited-edition package included a bunch of extras -LRB- wooden shoe trees , a key chain , etc. -RRB- that I do not think are needed .
 I am on my seventh pair of Copa Mundials and I continue to be impressed . When you have a winning combination of looks , feel , and performance , you have no reason to change what you 're doing . Just be sure to buy a size and a half smaller than your normal sneaker size , as the kangaroo leather stretches to conform to your feet . Also , do no expect to get more than one season out of the shoes , unless you have a lot of duct tape handy !
 Excelent ! , hard to football and soft to my feet XD ... great quality ass adidas always do , durable and exactly like my needs .
 to grip the ground very good , soft skin , hit the ball very stable . Only size is not competable with USA . According to Nike my shoes size is 9 but shoes size of Adidas is 8 . It is so difficult for me when I give online order . This shoes is strongly recomended ...
 Best shoes ever sold . Been wearing them since I was 14 , and will never change . Tried to get a trendy pair before , but was greatly disappointed . Shipping was really fast to my FPO address . Thank you .
 Worth the investment ... no more blisters like with the lower-end shoes ... High quality classic tried & true design , nice soft leather , great fit . Not a flashy pair of cleats but gets the job done . Great price at Amazon ... Arrived quickly , very satisfied .
 I can add little to the other - mostly - glowing reviews of this product . Notwithstanding what others have said , my view is that the cleat runs SLIGHTLY small , so you may need to add half a size to what you normally take.I referee rather than play , so admittedly do not subject tham to the same abuse as others might , but my first pair lasted several years , and to be honest , I am replacing them only because the leather became somewhat stiff - my fault for not treating them every so often .
 I did order it , but I made wrong size . Right now I want to buy it , how can I get the price like befor -LRB- $ 72.00 -RRB- ?
 The Adidas Copa Mundial is the BEST soccer cleat available , especially forthe price . It is not a fancy or colorful cleat but it does the job !
 I owned probably 5 pairs of the Kaisers -LRB- the calfskin version of the Copas , back when they existed -RRB- several years ago . I was a solid 12 , 12.5 back then . Now I 'm apparently an 11 , and my feet are the same size I 'm pretty sure . Just wanted to give people a heads-up , since unlike Zappos you do n't get free send-backs if you order the wrong size.Otherwise , a great cleat as always ! I 'm glad they still make these .
 The copa mundial has been the best selling soccer shoe for the last 20 plus years . There is a reason for it . First , the styling is simple and elegant . Three white stripes and that it . My cleats have last over 10 years and then i bought the exact pair again . Why ? The comfort and fit . The Kangaroo skin leather stretches to molds to your foot for a permanent custom fit . Try them and you will become a believer .
 I 've purchased several pairs of the cleats over the years . They 're very comfortable for how light they are . I like that they do n't flex too much on the bottom .
 It 's very soft and comfortable to your feet . I 'm a soccer referee and it game easier ...
 It 's really good product . I am very satisfied it . The only my problem is that its size is lttle bigger than I was expecting . For example , if you normally use 9,5 US size , I recommend you to buy 9 .
 My husband started playing soccer on Saturdays with some friends and he did n't have any soccer cleats so he used his old football cleats for months . I decided to look into soccer cleats and found these Adidas Copa Mundial 's . They were at a decent price , carried half sizes and had a few good reviews . I took a chance ; and when my husband tried them on , he absolutely loved them . And , of course , they were so much lighter than his football cleats . They fit him perfectly , they look great on him , and he says that they feel great.Thank you !
 I PLAY SOCCER EVERY DAY . THESE CLEATS ARE AMAZING . I SCORED TWO GOALS IN THE FIRST GAME I WORE THESE IN .
 Shoe aside this has been the worst Amazon experience ever . I have been buying shoes online for years never had a sizing issue . These shoes run 1 size larger than stated . Bought a size 11 for my son . Received them and they were about 1/2 inch too long in the toe . Checked the reviews thinking that maybe they run too big and my bad for not checking ahead of time . There was no concensus in the reviews for sizing.So , thinking that maybe somehow these were tagged incorrectly called Amazon -LRB- in the Phillipines , really annoying -RRB- and they nicely arranged for another pair to be sent to exchange all for free . No issue here . Got the next pair , same thing these shoes are larger than the listed size period.Still wanted these shoes so I went to my local sporting goods store with my son to size them in person . Sure enough a size 10 was perfect . I have not bought a size 10 for my son in 3 years.Finally , what irritated me the most was Amazon . I am sending back both pairs of size 11 for free which is great . One thing I did n't mention was that when I first bought these I received a $ 20 off promo . I called Amazon Phillipines again , because when I went to buy the size 10 from them I could n't get the $ 20 off . After spending 20 minutes on the phone with this guy it turns out the would n't give me the $ 20 off on the replacement pair.Was pretty disapointed on the discount situation and sizing issue .
 I needed a new pair of cleats so I asked around and heard these were pretty stellar boots . I was super excited when I bought these but when I finally got them I was really disappointed ... The cleats are probably great , but I got the wrong size . When I tried them on they seemed to fit alright but I thought they might be a little loose . Well , come to find out , they were really loose . I played in them and sprained my ankle and it still has n't healed . The shoe might be great but I ca n't really say because mine do n't fit and I ca n't return them . My advice
 ordered for first time using this siteitem delivered in time frame givengoods were as ordered and true to sizewould use them again great servicethanks pete australia
 My husband plays soccer and he will not buy soccer cleats other than this kind . He tends to wear them out every 2 years and then just rebuys the same kind . As far as soccer cleats go , I think these ones are the best .
 excelente envio , muy satisfecha con el trabajo , el pedido llego antes de la fecha estipulada , gracias , espero continuen trabajando de esa manera para seguir confiando en ustedes
 Since I was little -LRB- and they did n't make many women 's soccer shoes -RRB- , I 've been buying these . They are really nice and soft so there was no breaking in required . Heal was a bit hard so I put a heal pad in back which solved any blister problems . Do n't go a size up like when buying running shoes . You want these to fit snug ! I 'm a 9 womens and usually buy 9 1/2 running shoe . I bought these in Men 's 7 .
 this is the second time ive purchased cleats that cost over $ 55 . my first experience was with a $ 95 nike pair of cleats but I was not at all impressed . After getting suggestions from numerous people , I finally decided to give the copas a try . I went to a few shops to try on some pairs and after talking with shop owners and a handful of users , i decided to order a pair online . This cleat is the most comfortable cleat ive had on my feet . the Kangaroo leather is really soft and its just a testament to its history.That being said , make sure you try them on at a shop before ordering online . I decided to order online for $ 96 after shipping/tax compared to $ 120 not including tax at the store . You will hear from everyone that has any experience with copas that the kangaroo leather WILL stretch significantly so make sure you get a size that is a pretty tight fit in the store . Personally I ordered a half size down but after my first game with them on I had to step off the field for a second to retie/tighten both my cleats because they had gotten so loose . It seems to be fine now but looking back , i may have even go down ANOTHER half size when I purchase my next pair.from other users , if you play in the rain or get them wet , IMMEDIATELY after playing , stuff them with newspaper or they will soak up all the water.Again , expect it to stretch because it definitely WILL .
 Best cleats ever !! Kangaroo leather holds up and breathes better . Plastic hurts my daughters feet gives blisters . Copas give best feel with the ball .
 These are probably the second best boots I 've owned -LRB- out of @ 3 dozen -RRB- . I generally do n't like Adidas boots but I saw a lot of good reviews for the Adidas Copa Mundial.First , yes they are very confortable and fit really nice with ONE exception . I think they are too narrow . Not as narrow as Puma boots , but too narrow for my comfort . I did develop a little blister on each foot but that was becasue I did not give the shoes enough `` break-in '' time which you should always do . -LRB- PS I finally broke these in faster by wearing them in luke warm water for 20 minutes and then letting them dry on my feet . worked great -RRB- Second , the sole cushioning could be a little better . I do n't know if the cushioning on this boot is too hard or if it felt hard because of the narrowness of the boot . Either way , it could be worse.Overall , I really like this boot . It has great feel and fits like a glove .
 Very good soccer cleats . This is the first pair i buy and I 'm very happy with them . I read some prior reviews so i bought them a half size smaller and they fit perfectly with the thick socks that i use , if you do n't like thick socks i recommend yo buy one full size smaller . They took about two weeks to arrive but I 'm not considering that in this review .
 Put simply great boots . No fancy colors , plastics . Just a good boot with soft leather that moulds to the foot.There is a reason they have kept the design for so many years .
 The copa mundial has been the best selling soccer boot for the last 20 plus years . There is a reason for it . First , the styling is simple and elegant . Three white stripes and that it . My cleats have last over 10 years and then i bought the exact pair again . Why ? The comfort and fit . The Kangaroo skin leather stretches to molds to your foot for a permanent custom fit . Try them and you will become a believer . They are the gold standard of soccer boots .
 This shoe is a great shoe . very comfortable and feels great the first time you put it on . and then it only gets better.one of favorite cleats ever owned .
 You could spend $ 40 and be miserable and have absolutely NO TOUCH on the soccer ball . . or ... you could spend a little extra money and get the best all around soccer shoe on the planet . There 's a reason why year after year adidas NEVER changes this shoe ... It 's a classic and a must have for any real soccer player .
 Great pair of boots . I buy one every year for my son who plays 5 days a week in them . They last longer that the pretty boots and give a better grip that the blaves on the harder grounds that we play on hrer .
 I wanted something that was nice quality and not flourescent or ghetto . This really was one of the only choices . Nice shoe . Great quality . Laces are really long .
 For years my two sons have not been able to find a soccer shoe that properly fits their feet.So we special order size 15 for one son and a size 12 1/2 for the other . Neither shoe can be bought in stores . A size 12 is too small and a size 13 is too big . My sons have been using Copas for several years now and will probably keep getting them as long as they can be purchased in their sizes .
 This is a time tested style that is mother approved -LRB- mother wore them in the '70s and '80s and was high scorer for years -RRB- . I now buy them online and will open my own shop for shoes once the boys grow out of all the sizes I have bought over the years .
 Es un excelente producto , se ajusta bien al pie y solo tengo una sugerencia , deben indicar el largo exacto del zapato para evitar que uno compre algo que le quede grande y asi no perder la compra
 There is a reason why a football shoe released in 1979 is still being sold in 2012 . The leather is soft and it took about 10 min to break in ... . Just kidding but you wo n't feel any discomfort . This is my first pair and I must say its the best shoe I have ever owned . Buy a 1/2 size smaller or go try them out in a store just to be sure .
 I ordered these soccer shoes , got them on time and really love them on the soccer field . Soccer has never been as pleasurable to play as when I have these Adidas . They are the perfect thing I had always looking for for outdoor games . Love them and the price is reasonable for the quality . I frankly used many soccer shoes before but I just never got shoes that please the eyes , feat the foot and are comfortable for all 90 minutes !
 These are great Soccer Cleats . One size less than my sneakers . They run a little large , and are comfortable even though I have wide feet .
 Very comfortable , no breaking in period . Slightly too big , but a new inner sole took up the extra space . This is my second pair . The first pair lasted 6 years . I 'm female , normally wear 7.5 wide in women 's , but I could n't find any women 's cleats that fit . These do the job .
 I 'm extremely pleased with each aspect of this transaction , and with the product . Frequently , items are advertised through catalogs or newspaper ads , and fail to meet the expectations of the buyer . That was not the case with this pair of shoes . They were exactly as pictured , and exceeded my expectations . I liked the way I was able to view the shoe from every angle . That was clever advertising . The shape of the shoe is very becoming , and the heel is a perfect height . I highly recommend it .
 The shoes fit good and the price was excellent . Please continue to offer name brands for a good price .
 The first time I saw this shoe -LRB- in black/white patent leather -RRB- was on the feet of Boston Celtics All-Star forward Antoine Walker . Being a fan of `` old-school '' shoes and Mr. Walker , I immediately took a liking to the Adidas Promodel 2G . The Adidas Promodel line has been around for over four decades now and many a current and former NBA player has spent time in a pair , whether in high school , college or at the pro level . The first thing that stood out to me was how Adidas kept the classic `` shell toe '' as part of the shoe while adding minor adjustments to give it a nice blend of modern/retro looks . The patent leather also gives it a nice touch making the shoe simple , but unique.Another huge plus which I 'm sure everyone will notice is the price . ... it ai n't gon na clean out too many pockets and for this price y' all can go out and cop a pair or two -LRB- one for home games , one for the road -RRB- . So , the bottom line on the Adidas Promodel 2G is that it 's worth considering if you 're a junior high or high school-level team looking for a good value in a team shoe -LRB- ... the Promodel costs a lot less than most shoes designed for team use -RRB- or if you need a shoe for those lazy Sunday afternoon games down at the park .
 These shoes are comfortable as well as long lasting . They do not make your feet sweat or smell bad like other high top shoes . This shoe never goes op of style
 I have 2 pairs of this model shoe and love them . After being a Nike fan for years I decided to give something else a try . This shoe is lightweight and very comfortable . I also love the classic style . And you ca n't complain about the nice price .
 I am delighted with this product . previously bought addias trainers , but found these are lite , hard wearing and very comfortable . After numeruous training sessions with senior and junior teams this lad on a underage team that my son plays with commented '' Your Dad has the coolest BBall boots out their '' . which made me feel 7 ft tall for a small man . EXCELLLANT PRODUCT .
 This shoes are so comfortable . It feels like I 'm walking on air . I love them .
 Cant figure the first post out . I have really enjoyed my Saratoga Hikers.Have had 2 pairs now . They are really hard to beat for the great price.I 've hiked all over the North Geoargia mountains and they really work well.Very comfy .
 I love the pink cleats shown ... there look is so bright and when your on the field the cleats just glow as you run and its so cool !! That is why i love these cleats .
 This shoes are so comfortable . It feels like I 'm walking on air . I love them .
 Cant figure the first post out . I have really enjoyed my Saratoga Hikers.Have had 2 pairs now . They are really hard to beat for the great price.I 've hiked all over the North Geoargia mountains and they really work well.Very comfy .
 This shoes are so comfortable . It feels like I 'm walking on air . I love them .
 Cant figure the first post out . I have really enjoyed my Saratoga Hikers.Have had 2 pairs now . They are really hard to beat for the great price.I 've hiked all over the North Geoargia mountains and they really work well.Very comfy .
 These are comfortable and true to size . I am glad that I bought 2 pairs .
 I bought these reeboks a while ago , and I have several pair of them , because they are just so well made and very comfortable . Thank you so much .
 The first time I saw this shoe -LRB- in black/white patent leather -RRB- was on the feet of Boston Celtics All-Star forward Antoine Walker . Being a fan of `` old-school '' shoes and Mr. Walker , I immediately took a liking to the Adidas Promodel 2G . The Adidas Promodel line has been around for over four decades now and many a current and former NBA player has spent time in a pair , whether in high school , college or at the pro level . The first thing that stood out to me was how Adidas kept the classic `` shell toe '' as part of the shoe while adding minor adjustments to give it a nice blend of modern/retro looks . The patent leather also gives it a nice touch making the shoe simple , but unique.Another huge plus which I 'm sure everyone will notice is the price . ... it ai n't gon na clean out too many pockets and for this price y' all can go out and cop a pair or two -LRB- one for home games , one for the road -RRB- . So , the bottom line on the Adidas Promodel 2G is that it 's worth considering if you 're a junior high or high school-level team looking for a good value in a team shoe -LRB- ... the Promodel costs a lot less than most shoes designed for team use -RRB- or if you need a shoe for those lazy Sunday afternoon games down at the park .
 These shoes are comfortable as well as long lasting . They do not make your feet sweat or smell bad like other high top shoes . This shoe never goes op of style
 I have 2 pairs of this model shoe and love them . After being a Nike fan for years I decided to give something else a try . This shoe is lightweight and very comfortable . I also love the classic style . And you ca n't complain about the nice price .
 I am delighted with this product . previously bought addias trainers , but found these are lite , hard wearing and very comfortable . After numeruous training sessions with senior and junior teams this lad on a underage team that my son plays with commented '' Your Dad has the coolest BBall boots out their '' . which made me feel 7 ft tall for a small man . EXCELLLANT PRODUCT .
 This is a good deal , but as others have stated , it is smaller than normal . The last time I got a pair of Skechers it was 8 , so I figure I 'd order 9 this time based on the other reviews . That was a mistake . I returned it for a 10 and it fits fine . So order 1 to 1 size larger.This is my fist dress boot and I noticed that they do not fit as snug as slip-ons , but that 's probably inherent in the boot design itself . Anyway , the boot is well constructed . The heel and sole look like they are hard , but they are very soft , so it is comfortable .
 With the price , this is a great pair of low ankle boots . I was thrilled by the quality and style when I received the product . I bought a pair of Kenneth Cole boots -LRB- same style -RRB- with the price of $ 100 but the material was so cheapy .
 Well this are good quality ones I had them for about one year still like them a lot I did cut that piece of leather -LRB- pull up -RRB- on the back because my jeans used to get stucked on it . they 're really hard to put on , other than that very good specially for the price it 's a heck of deal try half number bigger .
 This boot is neatly styled , if somewhat undersized . A a good deal for a GOOD PRICE - suggest you order one half to a full size larger than what you normally wear for most comfortable fit .
 It 's hard to find good looking sandals that wo n't kill your feet . These shoes are very comfortable . I have them in 2 different colors now . They are a bit pricey , but you can also buy them in some dept stores on sale .
 i 've never been able to get used to playing basketball in a high-top for some reason . thankfully -LRB- knock on wood -RRB- i 've never had ankle problems , probably because i play more of a guard position . i would recommend this shoe for those looking for good arch support . it is n't too heavy of a shoe and the sole works with your movements . I 'd recommend this shoe for a primarily perimeter player .
 I have been running in this Asics series ever since I found them . They are a good fit , with a roomy enough toe box for a wider women 's foot , but not too wide . They are supportive but light , maybe not suitable for a overpronator , but fine for a normal step . My only disappointment is that they wear out very quickly with regular use . All the asics in the 1900 and now 2000 series break down really fast . I often have splitting seems within a few days and the overall cushioning , support , and outer parts of the shoe wear out fast .
 This shoe is a replacement pair for a similar shoe by ASICS and is ` as advertised ' . I hate paying these prices for a running shoe yet once again am glad the money was well spent on a reliable product . This shoe is comfortable and lightweight ... just what I wanted !
 While I would n't say that this shoe is exceptional , it provides good , comfortable support without any excessive wear . Asics have always been to me the most comfortable running shoe , but in the past I wore out the back fabric very quickly . I have had these shoes for over three months without any wear showing ... I walk a minimum of 2.5 miles 5 days a week , sometimes more . Nothing negative to say .
 I run 20 - 30 miles a week and go through running shoes quite frequently . I have found ASICS to have the best fit for me , and I switched from the Cumulus Model 10 to the GT-2110 in an effort to find a more economical , but still great , ASICS shoe.The fit is great , and this shoe has the GEL performance to it . The main difference between this shoe and the higher-costing Cumulus model is the amount of cushion to it . There is much less cushion in this shoe , and as a result there is more jarring and impact while running.This shoe would be great for speed walking or lighter/shorter running workouts , but for big mileage weeks I will be switching back to the Cumulus model .
 For the money , this is one of the best running shoes I have ever worn . They give excellent support , and as has been pointed out , the break-in time is excellent . I do have several different pairs of running shoes and constantly rotate them , day by day . The last pair of these I have has a little over 700 miles on them and are wearing quite well . As has been recommended , you might want to consider a half size down from what you normally wear if you have a narrow foot . I hate to buy my running shoes without trying them on but took a chance on these and have been quite happy with the results.I do a lot of trail running mixed with my regular road work , and the shoe performs well in both environments . They are a nice looking shoe ; not too fancy and with out a lot of the whistles and bells you find on so many running shoes today - I like this.If you are into running big time though , and I probably do n't have to tell you this , it is a good idea to have multiple pairs going at once as the shoes need a bit of a rest from time to time.Overall , I am very happy with these and the pair I owned prieviously .
 I needed a supportive shoe for an exercising boot camp and I was a little worried about buying it before having the chance to try it on . I 'm a true 7.5 but some shoes are cut differently and I wind up in a 7 . I am very pleased with these . They fit perfectly and are very comfortable . So while we 're getting our butts kicked at boot camp , at least my feet do n't hurt . The little things mean so much !!
 I thought my ASICS GT 2100 were the best and most comfortable running shoe I have ever worn ; but that changed once I received my GT 2110 , these shoe 's have the comfort and stability that basically shapes to your foot and the added cushion inside does not cause your foot to feel cramped . Very comfortable and lightweight .
 I am very happy with my ASICS GT-2110 . They came quickly and were exactly what I thought they 'd be . Dependable seller with quality product . Highly recommend !
 I love these shoes , they are so comfortable and give great support . These are my second pair . The merchant got them to me really fast and I appreciate that . Though when I ordered I thought the amazon site specified free shipping so I was surprised at that .
 This is my 3rd pair of Asics and this particular style is great for running , no break-in time required !
 I found the ASICS GT-2110 really comfortable and great for a lightweight shoe , until I increased my running distance . When I got up to 30 miles per week and was due for a new pair of running shoes , I tried several and ended up buying a different brand - a heavier , sturdier pair with more support . The heavier shoe feels better with this increased mileage . I recommend periodic re-evaluation as factors such as distance , speed , etc. change .
 Just got these , just took a spin in them for the first time today . Great shoe ... comfortable , supportive -LRB- and I pronate -RRB- , excellent cushioning in the heel , perfect fit ! I ca n't find a bad thing to say about them !
 I highly recommend Roadrunner Sports and I will order from them in the future . My shoes fit wonderfully . In fact , they are the best pair I own to help with my Plantar fasciitis . I did have a problem with them so I contacted Roadrunner -- they immediately e mailed me a free shipping slip and I received a replacement pair in just a few days . They were so helpful and nice -- their customer service is amazing .
 I have been a loyal customer of the ASICS GT-line for over 10 years and I have not yet been disappointed .
 I ordered the GT-2110 through the Amazon marketplace , and this was my first time working with Road Runner Sports . My order was shipped immediately , and I received it in less time than was originally estimated . I would definitely do business with them again !
 Great shoe . I 've been running in Asics for years . The shoes were shipped quickly , I 'd buy from them again .
 Definitely going to shop on Amazon at Roadrunners again . I got a great deal and then an extra $ 30 off because I bought 2 pairs . These Asics are a great go-to shoe for the intermediate runner .
 My previous pair of running shoes was the GT-2100 . I wore them for about 3-4 years and til they finally wore out , but I loved them so much I did n't bother looking for a different type of new running shoe ! I had heard many great things about the entire 2100 series and would have loved to get the newest version -LRB- I think the 2140 is the latest as of now -RRB- but they were a little bit more expensive and I was on a budget . I thought these were a great price and a great value , and I bet there 's not really much difference between the 2110 and the 2140 . The shoe is so comfortable to run in , they fit me perfectly , and my feet or knees never hurt ! I 'm sure I will always continue to buy my running shoes from the GT-2100 line !!
 Buy em , you wo n't be disappointed . I was experiencing alot of front ankle pain on the treadmill , no longer . Treading comfortably now .
 I recently started running about 15-20 miles a week . I had a great pair of new running shoes but I noticed that my feet would ache toward the end of the week . These ASICS GT-2110 were written in Women 's Health to be the best running shoe for pronators . I have loved the support the shoes give me but mostly , my feet are not tired or aching anymore . They are very comfortable and lightweight . It 's also about 120 degrees where I run as so far they have withstood the harsh conditions here .
 I have owned Asics GT-2130 and GT-2120 , so when I was looking for another pair after the old ones wore out , I went with these . They 're exactly what I wanted . Fit true to size , good support , not too wide -LRB- I have narrow feet -RRB- . Just what I was thought I was ordering .
 After breaking my ankle several years ago , my physical therapist recommended these shoes . They were immediately comfortable from the first moment I put them on - no breaking in period . I wore them for 3 years , even after they were long past their useful life , because I could n't find another pair in stores . After looking them up online , I ordered a second new pair and could n't be happier . Perfect for my sometimes unstable ankle and tendency to pronate , cushy and comfortable .
 I have purchased many running shoes and since I need orthotics , they all seem to run small . This shoe is super light and my orthotics fit right in with no issues at all . I would definitely recommend these for anyone . Avid runners or casual walkers . They are just plain comfy !
 I run in Asics GT 21XXI love these & the price is perfect.Delivery was fast .
 I absolutely love these shoes . This is at least the 6th pair that I 've had .
 my feet are a big wide . this shoe fits me great - no slipping in the heal . great cushioning and stability
 Asics GT-2110 is my first pair of running shoes -- ever ! There is only one word to describe these sneakers ... HEAVEN . I was free of the agonizing pains most runners endure such as foot cramps , shin splints etc. . I definitely lucked out with these running shoes , however Asics has discontinued them . If I could find a similiar pair in comfort and style I would purchase another pair .
 This is my second pair of Asics and I just love these shoes . These were n't the more expensive pair I wanted by Asics but are great anyway . I have a bad knee and my feet need extra support . These shoes are comfy and true to size . Although I do think they could have maybe a little more support for my low arch . But for the price I think they are great .
 I have worn Asics sneakers for many years and would never buy anything else . I recently bought a walking sneaker , then I saw this running one and decided to try it since I want to try and start running.The first time I jogged on the treadmill in it , I noticed how I did n't feel any pressure on my knee as I sometimes do . Very sturdy , very comfortable and well fitting shoes . I would have loved them in black though , but who 's looking at colour!Excellent .
 GT-2110 is very comfortable and has great support for your foot . Also , gives good support for ankle , knee , and ultimately your back .
 I have been running track for four years now . My first year I bought a pair of NIKEs and half way through the season my feet began to give me issues and I had to get arch supports . My second year I went to a professional and they recommended ASICS to me because they had a good variety and they had shows that would fit my narrow but long foot . Its my third year buying the 2110 's . They are simply amazing and I could n't ask for a better shoe . Of course you have to replace them each season but , what do you expect ?
 I have flat arches which means I tend to get shin splints and planter fascitis ... not once with these shoes ! I am getting my third pair now and have worn these shoes for over a year now ... love them . And I wear them all day most days and to run 5Ks . They last me about 6 months each pair ... but that will all depend on how much you wear them .
 The entire ASICS-GT line from the GT-1000 to the most recent GT-2120 are by far the best value for runners!I used to wear Nike , until I read in Runner 's World Magazine that the ASICS GT-1100 was the Editor 's Choice for best overall running shoe , so I thought , why not ? In the past I 've dealt with shin splints , knee pain and plantar fasciitis -LRB- a.k.a. really sore feet -RRB- , but my ASICS 1100s kept me healthy and comfortable , and relatively stylish . I 've been a committed Asics devotee since.I own ASICS Kayano running shoes , which cost $ 135 - considerably more than the GT series - and truthfully , I find no difference between the two except for the price . Also , there is not much difference within the GT series . I 've owned GT-1100 , GT-1120 , GT-2110 and GT-2120 - all are superior . So , find the style and color to suit your budget - and enjoy comfortable running to your heart 's content -LRB- or until you rack up 300 miles , after which you should replace your Asics as all running shoes start to lose their support and stability after around 300 miles . FYI - many local track clubs have programs in which they collect retired running shoes and donate them to impoverished children and adults . Spread the Asics comfort ! Because though the shoes are no longer optimal for running after 300 miles , they still make great `` kick-around '' shoes and are cute and fun for casual wear . Sorry about the digression ... If you run short or medium distances -LRB- < 30 miles per week -RRB- , this is the shoe for you .
 I started running again after many years . I bought average shoes due to not knowing if I would stick with it . After a few weeks of my feet hurting and feeling like they were numb I went and got fitted for shoes . These shoes had the `` ah '' factor right away . I did n't truly believe the `` shoe factor '' that states the shoes are everything . Boy was I wrong !!! They made an unbelievable difference and now 9 months later I am still running and have even entered several races . I would n't do it without these shoes . My running partner agrees . Her knees are not in good shape , but she is now doing great with these shoes . We 're believers !
 I have bought this style for the past 3 years . It is a great workout shoe . It is light and comfortable . Great arch support .
 I have been a fan of ASICS shoes for many years my feet tend to overpronate , which puts a terrible strain on my knees and arches . Asics duomax technology allows me to run comfortably which I love to do but stopped for many years due to the strain on my joints , until I found these shoes . I absolutely love these shoes they have helped me regain the confidence and comfort to enjoy running again . This is the only type of shoe I will ever buy and has been the only one I have bought for 7 years now ! I highly recommend this shoe ! Especially if your feet tend to overpronate .
 I have very very flat feet and over pronate like nobodies business . Most trainers cant believe I have trained for and completed races without knee injuries -LRB- or even shin splints -RRB- . My secret weapon-my Asics GT 's . Ladies and Gentlemen if you can appreciate lightweight shoes , that contour to broader feet and keep your feet cool - you will love these shoes ! I forget Im wearing them because they fit so well . A definite plus when you are trying to focus on pushing yourself through.Like most Asics owners I am a devotee and buy them exclusively . I went shoe shopping after having my son and tried Nike 's and New Balances even Reeboks . The last pair I tried on were my Asics and I have n't looked back . I feel a little sad when I have to retire them . Now when I see Asics owners around I always compliment them on their fine choice !
 I recently bought a pair of these , and they 've been excellent from the first time I wore them out running . A long-time fan of Asics , this was my first pair from the 2100 series , and it seems to be a wonderful choice . Before this , I had one pair of the Gel-1070 and two of the Gel-1080 . This shoe has a really nice design on the heel , and the mesh on the rest of the shoe gives it a light , yet sturdy , feel . When I first tried them on , it felt as comfortable as some of the other running shoes I have that are already broken-in . I 've got fairly narrow feet , and these fit me well , although I 've read a few reviews in running magazines that say they 'd be good for folks with wider feet . Plenty of room in the toe box . I typically wear a size 7 -LRB- womens -RRB- and ended up going with a 6.5 for this shoe ; do n't know if it others would run into this issue .
 I tried on a bunch of different brands of shoes , trying to find the most comfortable . I usually wear New Balance , but thought I would see if there is anything more comfy out there . I fell in love with a pair of Asics . Before buying , I decided to go to a shoe store and tried on several different pairs of Asics
 I love these shoes ! My personal trainer recommended them , and I purchased them from Amazon . They come in some cool colors - when she saw them , she said `` Where did you get orange ? '' : -RRB- My only problem
 Great shoes . This is the fourth pair of ASICS that I have purchased . I have small , wide feet . The support near the toes is giving enough to not cause blisters and the arch support is just right for a slow runner like me . I will continue to buy this brand for running .
 Like the previous reviewer , I also had to buy a 1/2 size smaller than what I normally wear . I recommend it with these sneakers unless you need a wider size .
 I was in need of a new pair of sneakers to work out in . I just got back into the gym , and am also training for my first 5K . These sneakers are very supporative and COMFORTABLE . I really am very pleased with this purchase . I love the sneakers and I LOVE Amazon.com !!
 The best running shoes for the price ! . They are light , comfortable and pretty . I used to have a little pain in my toes while I ran , someone told me that it might have something to do with my running shoes so I changed from adidas to asics and I do n't have the little pain anymore . True to their size .
 I love this shoe . I had a pair previously and wore them forever . I wanted to replace them because of comfort and durability . I was able to find them on Amazon . I was very pleased with the vendor . Shoes arrived within a couple days . I will use this vendor again !
 The shoes arrived more quickly than I expected . They fit great . There is a lot of cushion in the heel , which I am sure will help with absorbing the high impact of running/exercising that so frequently gives me shin splints . An interesting and unexpected feature of the shoe is that a section of the front part is pure mesh which means it is super breathable .
 These were top-of-the-line shoes , when sold new , back then in 2003 -LRB- or what ever year it was -RRB- . However , from what I remember , the size 8 shoes had a slight quality control problem , or at least it seemed like it to me . The right shoe would sometimes be a little flatter in the sole , or maybe slightly uneven , or something like that . The left and right shoes would not be the same , in some way . If you happened to get a good pair , then you lucked out . They were comfortable , springy , and an excellent fit.They were also recommended for heavier runners , and I found that they definitely cushioned out and reduced any pavement shock on my knees and other joints.That 's why when I saw recently that this particular model was still available , I bought a pair . The pair I recently got are not perfect . The right side feels a little bumpy in one spot . However , even so , they are currently my most favorite and most comfortable pair of shoes , which I wear all the time .
 Very good product . My sister is happy with them . I recommend other women to try .
 I purchased these shoes with another type of running asics . The others were to narrow and gave me blisters after 4 miles . This not the case with te GT-2110 . They fit great . I have narrow feet and they still seem to fit great . They are also really comfortable . I have n't received any blisters with these asics . I will be purchasing these shoes again .
 My running shoe for the past 25 years has been the GT . There is not much difference between the older and newer models except the price . The GT 2110 is not the latest model , but like all of the GTs , they go from the box to my feet , with no break-in period . I highly recommend this shoe .
 Love the Asics brand , but should of purchased the gel opposed to the Gt-2110 ... I switch this pair w/my other running shoe ; Nike ... prefer the Asics brand , but my mistake not purchasing a more substantial running shoe ... but , still a great shoe !
 These were the exact shoes I wanted and they came very fast and the price was excellent .
 I am an asics fan . I check Amazon and other web sites for the best price before I purchase . Amazon consistently has the selection and best price . greta kilpinen
 Great shoes for aerobic workouts ! The shoes fit well with arch supports and I 'm enjoying the Asics . My podiatrist is a fan of Asics , and I am too !
 I finished a marathon on this pair of shoes - and I do n't think I could have done it without them ! I used to use a Reebok prior until 2009 , which I thought was the best shoes on earth -LRB- bought the same model twice -RRB- . But when I tried running on these shoes for the first time in 2010 , I fell in love . Long distance running never felt so light and easy ! Since then I only buy Asics . I bought another model last year , it was okay but not as good as this one - so I think my next purchase would definitely be this exact same pair !
 The entire process of buying shoes online really worried me but after ordering this pair online I must say I now have another item I wo n't mind buying again . The fit was perfect and it made shopping from home easy .
 I love Asics GT sneakers . They are great for walking or running . I use them for biking too . Very comfortable and good support , flexible too .
 These shoes offer a lot of cushioning and enough support . I like the looks and performance of the shoe and like them even better than the 2150 's which seem stiffer and less cushioned . I will use them for my longer runs and as they are being made I will purchase them again
 I purchased these shoes - then re-read my order and realized that I had ordered the wrong size . I contacted the company to report this error - but they had already shipped the item . However , they send a email immediately , explaining how to return the shoes and giving me the necessary information for the return . I would endorse this company as very high - as their customer service is excellent .
 I previously bought this shoe and loved it so much rather than getting a new Nike shoe , I chose to go back to get a new pair of this same one . They have n't failed me yet and I know they wo n't in the future !
 I worried a little about ordering `` on line '' for walking shoes without trying them on , but had worn these same style Asics before . They were too expensive in the stores for my taste , so I decided to take a chance . They are wonderful ! Just like the others I had worn . They were shipped quickly and the transaction was smoothe as silk.Order on line and be pleased and save a BUNDLE !!
 I always wear Reebok walking shoes because they tend to be made more narrow - I have a narrow foot , so this is important to me . I am mostly happy with this new shoe , but it seems to be a little too roomy in the toe box , which allows my feet to rub more than is comfortable . I will try this shoe again , but probably one-half size smaller .
 What can I say , I love my Reeboks and they were everthing I expected . Box was a little crumpled when they arrived , but hey I 'm not wearing the box and the shoes were in perfect condition .
 I just love these sandals !!! It takes a litte time to fasten all 8 straps , but the headturning effect and the compliments are worth it . I got them in black and I love how they contrast with my skin . One problem I had was getting the 2nd and top straps tight enough , but that 's because I have long , skinny ankles . Happily I was able to fix that minor problem by adding a few holes in the straps to make it fit . I wish that they had these in more color and size options because I would buy them in a heartbeat !!!
 I was worried about this shoe when I ordered it . I did n't know if the shoe would fit just right or if it would be comfortable ... but it was !!!! The shoe fit perfectly to a tee and the shoe chart was very accurate . I went to a three hour concert and for the most part I stood up . I received compliments as I walked by and I knew I was looking hot in them . I am only 4 ' 11 '' but the shoe straps still fit just the way it was meant to be . I am sooo happy that I bought them and I know women were wondering ... `` where did she get those '' . I am such a shoe lover and now I always go to Amazon.com to look for sexy and unique shoes . Thank you !
 they run small buy at least one size larger than usual size also if you have &#34; thicker &#34; calves the straps may not fit straps are too short for bigger calves
 Bought these shoes in the gold color online and was happy with what I recieved . They look hot ! The biggest thing is they run small . I wear and 8.5 but ordered a 9 and it fit fine .
 Very good service from this vendor . The boots are of outstanding quality . Nice appearance , good fit . They make me look like a stud ! I will buy from this company again .
 My son loved these shoes . Even though he is two all he could say was CARS !
 We bought these shoes for my 3yo daughter in August . She wears them every day and they still look great . -LRB- But I have to admit that she 's not really hard on her shoes . She usually outgrows them before she outwears them . -RRB- Here are just some of the reasons why I 'll probably have to buy her a new pair when she outgrows her current pair : - Everyone comments on how cute they are with the tires , chassis , and flashing lights.-They 're easy for her to put on and take off by herself.-No one has noticed or commented that my daughter is wearing a `` boy 's '' shoe.-The dark color helps to hide dirt and scuff marks.These are great shoes for any Cars fan ... whether you have a boy or a girl . I only wish they came in grown up sizes !
 My son is crazy about cars and as he tends to run rather than walk these days , I really wanted to get him some light up shoes - I 've looked around and these are the best light up shoes . When he walks the lights flash in sequence in various parts of the shoe , but the best part is that Lightening McQueen 's headlights light up - not to mention the shoes have lightning 's face on the top and front of the shoe -LRB- eyes on the velcro part and mouth on the front of the shoe -RRB- and the sole of the shoe looks like the under part of a car . My son demands to put them on first thing in the morning and stomps around in them all day . when he is n't wearing them he is tapping them on the floor to watch them light up ... also , before these , I have struggled to get him to wear shoes longer than 5 minutes , but wearing these are like some kind of fun game for him . I highly recommend these to anyone who 's child is a fan of the movie .
 I ordered these for a little boy as part of a Christmas package for a non-profit that helps parents get gifts for their chidlren due to crisis each holiday season . I was so pleased when I opened the box before sending them to the parents through the annoymous match program . I just know that child was thrilled with his little shoes on Christmas Morning . I am so glad the shoes were sturdy , cute , and will bring joy to a child until he outgrows them more than likely . HE will be stylin .
 My Son is using every day this product and Lights still work , Very nice an good quality .
 My -LSB- ... -RSB- really loves the pair I gave him for christmas . He insists on putting them on everyday ! So , they 're getting kinda battered now but are still good and the lights still flash . Good quality !
 Mi hijo de 2 a & ntilde ; os es loco con estos tenis , cada vez que se viste no importa la ropa que tenga , estos tenis es lo que se quiere poner . Y son muy bonitos a mi me gustaron mucho . Estoy muy contenta con el producto .
 El producto lo recibi en perfectas condiciones , excelente comprarle a ustedes.-saludosMaryury
 The sneakers are great . My son loves the wheels on the side .
 I purchased a pair of the Disney Cars Toddler Boys Lightening Strap Sneakers for my grandson 's 4th birthday . He loves them ! They appear to be well made and have details of Lightening Mc Queen from the movie , Cars .
 We just received these shoes for our almost 4 year old . He LOVES them . The soles are nice and the single velcro strip is quick and easy . Difficult to tell from the photo , but McQueen has a little toothy grin at the toe . He is convinced he is now fast as lightning ! It was nice to find a Cars shoe in a color other than black .
 I fell in love with Puma Gvvs the moment I saw them at the mall . Already owning two pairs of Puma Gvs -LRB- with shoelaces instead of velcro -RRB- , I could n't wait to get my hands on a pair of gvvs . They are ridiculously cute ; however , I have no idea why Puma only manufactures them as men 's shoes . I could never see a guy wearing these shoes.Anyway , I bought a pair from the puma website . I am typically a size 6 in women 's , but got a 5.5 in men 's which is a 7 in women 's -LRB- because they were all out of smaller sizes -RRB- . I was very happy with the way they look , except that they were too big for me . After a while though , the bottom of the shoes started yellowing . Of my two pairs of puma gvs , one yellowed and one has stayed white . I do n't know why puma makes shoes whose soles turn yellow ! It 's gross and I hate it ! So I would recommend purchasing these shoes in person . Feel the sole ; I 've found that the pairs that stay white are more plasticy and slightly glossyish . Besides turning yellow , they are great shoes !
 i am 15 years old and i have played soccer for at least 11 years.these are the best pair yet.this was the first time i ever had used kelme soccer cleats . i was very inpressed on how these babys worked.i decided to give them a try and they are very confortable on your feet since i have wider feet . i bought them last year from amazon and have used them in at least 4 or 5 seasons and have played in every game and every minute . they front spikes are very worn out since i used them so much and i finally started to feel the differnece in play . i have decided i am going ot buy a more expensive KELME pair since i am very satisfied with thise pair of kelme miura m cleats . i am 15 years old and these cleats are great .
 Dada 's are some of the best basketball shoes i have ever had . The only bad thing i have found is the price difference between youth and large . $ 20.00 more for a bigger size is rediculous , but other than that they are really cool shoes especially how you can personalize them with your teams colors and your team name , your name , and your number . Some of the reasons they are really good shoes are because they are comfortable , have good traction , and just look good .
 i am 15 years old and i have played soccer for at least 11 years.these are the best pair yet.this was the first time i ever had used kelme soccer cleats . i was very inpressed on how these babys worked.i decided to give them a try and they are very confortable on your feet since i have wider feet . i bought them last year from amazon and have used them in at least 4 or 5 seasons and have played in every game and every minute . they front spikes are very worn out since i used them so much and i finally started to feel the differnece in play . i have decided i am going ot buy a more expensive KELME pair since i am very satisfied with thise pair of kelme miura m cleats . i am 15 years old and these cleats are great .
 I HAD THE BEST CUSTOMER SERVICE FROM SANUK ... FIRST OFF , THEIR PRODUCTS ARE EXTREMELY DURABLE , LONG LASTING ITEMS ... THE ONLY TIME I EVER BOUGHT A PAIR OF SANDALS FROM THEM AND HAD A BAD -LRB- IF YOU CAN CALL IT THAT -RRB- EXPERIENCE , WAS WHEN I HAD A FAULTILY MADE PAIR OF SANDALS , AND THE THONG PART BROKE ... ALL I HAD TO WAS EMAIL THEM , AND THEY SENT ME ANOTHER PAIR ABSOLUTELY FREE!I LOVE THIS COMPANY , AND WILL CONTINUE TO NET PROMOTE ... THANKS FOR THE BUSINESS , SANUK ! - CHRIS -
 I HAD THE BEST CUSTOMER SERVICE FROM SANUK ... FIRST OFF , THEIR PRODUCTS ARE EXTREMELY DURABLE , LONG LASTING ITEMS ... THE ONLY TIME I EVER BOUGHT A PAIR OF SANDALS FROM THEM AND HAD A BAD -LRB- IF YOU CAN CALL IT THAT -RRB- EXPERIENCE , WAS WHEN I HAD A FAULTILY MADE PAIR OF SANDALS , AND THE THONG PART BROKE ... ALL I HAD TO WAS EMAIL THEM , AND THEY SENT ME ANOTHER PAIR ABSOLUTELY FREE!I LOVE THIS COMPANY , AND WILL CONTINUE TO NET PROMOTE ... THANKS FOR THE BUSINESS , SANUK ! - CHRIS -
 These sandals are the perfect replacement for my Ocean Pacific sandals I bought back in 2000 . As a frugal libertarian slacker dude , I wear my clothes until they fall apart . So when I buy my clothing , I prefer to spend the money on quality clothing once up front , and wear them for many years , as apposed to buying cheap clothing and having to replace them more often than necessary.These ECCO Men 's Yucaton Sandals are very comfortable and seem very durable at this stand point -LRB- one month of summer slacking -RRB- and I am confident they will last as long as my 12 year old O.P. 's .
 Finally wore out a pair of Wolverine leather sandals and since they are no longer available I went in search of a suitable replacement . After trying on dozens , I was directed to a ` specialty ' shop which carried ECCO sandals . This is the only pair of sandals I have found that provide a significant amount of arch support . What a find ! Highly recommend .
 I am pleased with my purchase of Ecco sandals . This is the first time I have purchased these . They are slightly higher than anything else I have used . I also like that they are well constructed and confortable .
 I have plantar fasciitis which means that walking creates heel pain unless I use my orthopedic inserts . Orthopedic inserts and sandals are not an attractive combination so I sought out sandals that were built to accommodate `` problem feet '' . I have several pairs of ECCO shoes that were recommended by a podiatrist and they work exceptionally well . Extending this train of thought , I went and purchased these ECCO sandals to see if I could obtain good results . Having worn them daily for a few weeks I find that they work great without the orthopedic inserts and I do n't have any heel pain . They are more expensive than other brands but they are worth it in my opinion . Nice styling , superb build quality and great comfort pretty much sums up my experience with these sandals .
 These sandals are the most commfortable I 've ever had-far better than Birkenstock . I have very flat feet and proper support is parmonut . Normally , I wear Murray Space Shoes . Wearing my ECCOs is like walking downhill , all the way .
 Have tried them all , this is the best . Not cheap , about 100 dollars , but lasts at least a year with heavy wear . Good support for the arches , fastening straps work well . It takes a long time for them to break down and need replacement . Great product .
 I 've worn Birkenstock sandals for years . When the time came to buy some new ones , I could n't find the Birks that I like in my size . I bought some El-cheapo sandals at a chain shoe store , and after wearing them for just a couple of days , my feet were killing me . Needing something else , I decided to get my first pair of ECCO Yucatan sandals.Let me tell you , they are worth every penny . The arch support is amazing . The material used to make the treads does n't slip , even on my back porch after it rains . The leather straps are first rate . My feet do n't hurt , even after walking a mile on my neighborhood streets.I may ultimately go back to my hippy-style , slip on Birks , but for now , I love my ECCOs
 Most comfortable shoes I have ever owned . I wear them in 40 degree weather -LRB- yeah , its cold , but I love these sandals -RRB- . They combine the comfort that the hippies needed for their free love and chemical highs at woodstock with the security that the roman soldiers needed to go into battle . Comfort and security .
 I 've been wearing the Ecco Yucatan sandal for over 4 years now and they continue to offer superb support and comfort . I get a new pair every year , as I really put them through the paces and they always hold up .
 Great product . Bought for my husband who needs lots of stability in a shoe . He loves them . Highly recommend and will buy again .
 These sandals are n't the cheapest brand available but they 're the best . Have several items of ECCO footwear and they 're all excellent and these sandals live up to that standard . Very comfortable with fabulous cushioning , excellent fit and additionally very easy to put on and take off . Very pleased !
 He loves them !!! Very sturdy product for his Plantar Fasciitis -- controls motion and provides the needed support . Thank you for such a great product at a wonderful price . His best sandals ever !
 Well built sandals , quality construction . But they can feel a little hard at times and need more cushioning . Hopefully they will last .
 I am a huge Teva fan and took a chance with these . These are very comfortable and just as good looking as Tevas .
 loved it and wear these all of the time on the beach , in the water and everywhere . It has held up very well .
 If you like some very comfortable , &#34; tailored to fit &#34; sandals , these are great . Just get out the cash to get them .
 I practically live in sandals , wearing them outside for 3 seasons of the year , every day . These are exceptionally well made and extremely comfortable . I 've walked many miles at a time , yet my feet do n't hurt at all . These are actually more comfortable than my expensive pair of sneakers .
 These are the most comfortable sandals I 've ever had . I walk a lot on a daily basis and my feet just never get tired . Once you go Ecco you never go back .
 I am retired , live in Florida and wear sandals almost exclusively , year round . I have tried almost every other brand available and the Ecco 's brand is easily the most comfortable . I just got them so I have no idea how they will wear but my first impression is Wow ! These are very comfortable like putting on a great shoe . 5 stars from me .
 This sandals is super amazing . At first when I worm it , it started to hurt my feet but last time I wore a sandals was 9 years ago ... So I must get used to it.If you want a sandals that last long get this one . You wo n't regret .
 I bought the Mens ECCO Yucatan/Black sandal for my husband for his birthday . They look sleek and he just loves them . Very comfortable.I will buy them again and again .
 Very comfortable and durable sandal . Well constructed and very good quality.Took a few times to break the sandals in but once they were broken in they have been fine ever since .
 Great sandal , seems to fit most any casual occasion in Santa Barbara and just feels great the first time you put them on . Nothing negative to even mention .
 I bought these sandals for my husband . He has little arch in his foot and wearing the less expensive sandals he usually buys result in sore feet . The ECCO sandals have been worth the extra dollars .
 This is my second pair of these . I love them . They last for many , many miles and hold their shape .
 This is the second pair that I have had . They no longer make these so get them while they last !!!!!!
 Through the years , I have tried my share of sandals - absolutely nothing compares to Ecco - forget about the Tevas , Berks , etc. . . and even better , you can get them for half retail a lot on line . There is adequate arch support , and they are VERY durable . Could you find less expensive sandals ? Sure , but they would not be as good for your feet , and they would n't last as long .
 These Ecco Yucatan sandals are the best I 've ever found . This is my second pair and I was pleased to find them available thru Amazon when they 're growing scarcer in department stores . I have a bit of arthritis in my feet and these sandals are the only ones that I have found that are just as comfortable and good for my feet as the best available walking shoes . And the materials and workmanship are top notch . I ca n't recommend them too highly . They 're more expensive but worth every penny .
 I just purchased my second pair . First pair worn out from lots of wearing . Very comfortable . Lots of people asking -LRB- admiringly -RRB- about them .
 I like everything about these sandals . I have bad feet and wanted something with arch support and these fit the bill . I would certainly buy them again .
 this is my third pair of these sandals and apparently I like them . I have problem feet and Ecco makes shoes and sandals which fit very well , although not perfect -LRB- have yet to wear perfect -RRB- . Plus , even these leather sandals stand up very well to repeated salt water immersion Not generally a selling feature but great for me
 I bought a pair originally while on vacation in Oahu . The sandals I was wearing at the time were killing my feet , so I happened by a mall and tried these on . Normally I do n't pay anywhere near what I paid for these sandals , but after trying them out I decided to buy a pair . The original pair lasted almost 3 years while wearing them a few times a week . The second pair I got just in time for vacation to Belize , and though I wished I had n't got them wet and sandy , they protected my diabetic feet from harm with better than average padding .
 I managed to contract a little fungus under one of my toenails . Part of the treatment for this is to keep the area dry , so I looked for some sandals to wear . They needed to be comfortable and look good , as I was going to wear them to the office as well as out and about while getting the toe problem under control . I was also about to head to Las Vegas for a little R&R , and if you 've ever been there you know what the walking can be like . I received the sandals a few days before the trip and took them along . I can not speak highly enough of their all-day comfort ; seriously , they 're nearly as comfortable as sneakers . I probably walked five miles during my stay in Las Vegas and the only problem I encountered was some skin cracking due to the dry desert climate - I had no blisters or other problems attributable to the sandals . Going in to the office in dress pants and sandals -LRB- with dark wool socks -RRB- took some nerve at first , but instead of smirks I was greeted with compliments of both the good idea in solving my toe problem and just how good the sandals look . After over a month of daily use they still look as new as they did out of the box . Love 'em . Why are you still reading this review and not buying a pair for yourself ? In my opinion they 're worth every penny .
 I can alrerady tell that these are going to be some great athletic sandles . I look forward to this summer trecking everywhere . Stylish enough to wear in the city and rugged enough to travel the hill country climbing on everything .
 very comfortable ! I 'm a little concerned with how they will do in the rain though . Sometimes if I 've worn them for most of the day , it can get a little uncomfortable at the bottom of my feet . I think the moisture does n't mix well with the material . Other than that , these are by far the most comfortable sandals I 've had . They seem pretty supportive as well .
 Durable construction -- about 3 years of daily wear for me before something gave . Bought a second pair and will buy another if they still sell them then . Comfortable from day one , pliable and padded straps that do n't cut into even bare feet , with a well padded sole and arch support . Good for walking and daily wear and wo n't fight you if you have to sprint . Straps are well placed and discribute load evenly.I have some other , cheaper , sandals that just sit in the closet -- you get what you pay for . HIGHLY recommended .
 Wearing my ECCOs is like walking downhill , all the way . It is most comfortable . I like it and it has also nice look .
 These sandals were bought for my son who has problem feet . I researched shoes for foot support and durability and determined that this specific shoe was suitable for the purpose intended . My son is very pleased with the sandalsECCO Men 's Yucatan Sandaland wears them continually throughout the day . His comfort zone has expanded dramatically permitting the resumption of physical activities .
 Very comfortable sandals , bottom is form-fitted to the foot ! I can hardly wait for the winter to end so that I can wear them all the time .
 This is my second pair of these sandals . I wear sandals almost year around , and walk several miles per day in them . I have worn a number of different sandals over the years
 The sandals are great , the best I 've ever had . . They were reduced to only $ 85 which is the best price I 've seen and they were delivered even quicker than expected . This was an all around great deal .
 Bought these for my husband to replace his 2 year old Ecco sandals . They are not cheap , but they are well made and last and alleviate his leg and hip pain so are well worth the $ . Highly recommended .
 These are great sandals . I 've worn them for many years now , currently on my fourth pair . Comfortable right out of the box . They hold up well , are light in weight and the tread lasts and is good on wet surfaces .
 I live on the coast in Florida -- lots of sandal weather . I 'm just starting on my third pair of Ecco Yucatans . The two previous pairs gave much longer service than I had a right to expect , which took the sting out of the price . These sandals look nice enough that I do n't shy away from wearing them with a pair of slacks and a guayabera to church or other summertime `` dress-up '' functions . At the same time , my experience with the earlier Eccos was that they are quite tough and I have logged a lot of trail miles in them with my sons ' Scout Troop . I wear them to the beach and on the boat , and they handle water immersion just fine -- although I make sure they get a good freshwater-rinse after dunking in saltwater . The only insult that seemed to stick was a time that I spilled a bit of gasoline on one sandal -- the neoprene footbed would not give up the gas smell despite washing with dishsoap , and a small area began to disintegrate soon thereafter . Nonetheless , they continued to serve for many more months.But while the good looks and longevity are nice , the fact is that I have arrived at that point in life where I do n't care about the appearance of my footwear nearly as much as I do about comfort . After 50 , I refused to wear any tipe of shoe that I could n't walk or stand in for an entire day . These sandals give my feet an excellent combination of support and cushioning . Of course , feet are highly idiosyncratic and your mileage may vary ... Bottom line , in my experience , the Ecco Yucatans are robust , evidence high quality materials and construction , are very supportive and comfortable , and are handsome enough for any event that does n't require a necktie . I hope your own experience will be as good or better .
 I have worn these for a year . They have stood up in a tropical climate , through water , heat and daily use . I have flat feet . These have strong arch support that does not wear down over time . Always comfortable . I 'm getting a new pair primarily because the velcro material on the straps has worn from repeated use .
 excellent , ... i love it , ... thanks , . . ecco its the best !!!!!! muy buenas son super comodas , . . para mi son las mejores , . . vale la pena invertir en estas sandalias , ...
 compare this to the type of shoe sold at target and this shoe is hands down the best buy . Should last much longer than the others .
 My husband 's feet hurt all the time from sports injuries etc , Yucatan has the arch support and comfort he needs.This sandal is the only one he 's worn for 10 years or so since he discovered it . He wears it walking even on the treadmill , since we live in Florida , sandals are our daily footwear.A few years ago ECCO had a demin color , like a navy blue , he would prefer that color.However , comfort first , color 2nd !
 My old ones were worn out and needed new ones.Best sandles I ever had so got new pair different color
 I am on my 3rd pair of these sandals from Ecco and I will probably continue to buy them whenever I wear out my current pair . They 're comfortable for long days on your feet , with good support and nice looks that go with just about any casual summer outfit . I have tried a couple of other Ecco models -LRB- ca n't recall the names -RRB- , one of which had an uncomfortable , hot footbed , while the other caused painful abrasions on two points of each foot . These are a world apart from their other models as far as I 'm concerned , and worth the hefty price tag .
 Have n't had them very long , but love the feel and fit . Very comfortable ; size is true . Excellent quality . Like the look with pants or shorts . If they hold up as long as others say , I will be extremely satisfied .
 The Ecco sandels are very nice - comfortable and rugged . The buying experience from Amazon was good .
 The sandals are comfortable but I have wide feet and from the picture , I thought the velcro tabs were adjustable front and rear . Well , the front tab apparently is for looks only and is not adjustable , so the front is very tight on my foot . Otherwise , good looking and comfortable .
 I own a quite a few of Ecco shoes and these sandals are probably the most comfortable pair of Ecco footwear I 've tried on . But you may want to consider ordering a size up . I normally wear an 11 1/2 but when they arrived , my toes were almost at the edge and when I walk , they slide past the top . I ordered the 46 's and will return the 45 's . Overall wonderful comfort . There 's no stitching or rough spots that rub against your feet . Great cushioning too . Buy these with confidence ! But do n't forget if you wear an 11 1/2 , go with a 46 . If you wear an 11 , go with the 45 -LRB- and so on -RRB- .
 these are the most comfortable sandals I 've ever worn . change that - these are the most comfortable anything I 've ever put on my feet . this is my 3rd pair . I just wish they would make them in more colors .
 I 've been wearing a pair of Timberland sandals for years and have been very pleased with them . They were beginning to look pretty shabby and I decided to replace them . I mostly buy Ecco shoes because they 're so comfortable and decided to give their sandals a try . I was n't prepared for how comfortable these Ecco sandals are.If my Timberlands still looked good , I would have been perfectly happy wearing them for years to come . Now I 'm actually glad they wore out because the Ecco sandals are in a class by themselves ! You wo n't believe how comfortable a pair of sandals can be until you try on a pair of these.It 's been mentioned several times here that they 're expensive . Granted , they are , but as the old saying goes ; ` you get what you pay for , and that has never had as much meaning to me as it did when I bought these sandals .
 I do n't usually write reviews on products ; however , to anyone out there thinking about buying these
 Comfortable , well built sandal . Not sure what the difference is between ECCO USA Yucatan and the regular ECCO Yucatan which costs about twice as much .
 Nice rugged . Could use a little more cushion but overall great.ECCO produces nice products and the company was recommended by my physiotherapist
 Have worn Birkenstock 's with the soft footbed for years . I think these are just about as comfortable , and unquestionably they have better arch support .
 I use sandal since 30 years This is the best sandal that I 've ever worn ! It is SO comfortable . It easily adjusts to many widths so , they are easily adjustable to your own comfort.I like it 's features : Durable , Comfortable , Light weight , Breathable , Arch Support , Wears quickly , can be use in rain , Non slipperyHighly recommended
 This is the fourth pair I got - I wear sandals all year round . They are comfortable and durable , and also look nice .
 Even as a big fan of Ecco shoes I was expecting a little more after the incredible reviews of this sandle . They are comfortable and light , but I would n't call it the most comfortable footwear I 've ever worn . Quality appears to be very good as I would expect from Ecco . My biggest disappointment is the fact that the width does n't adjust to my foot . I wear a size 11 in every shoe I 've bought for the past 15 years . I 've also owned two Ecco Track shoes -LRB- 44 -RRB- and they fit perfect and are probably the best footwear I 've ever owned . I origionally bought a size 45 and had to return it as it was too big . These Sandals have very little width adjustment , wider or narrower . One reviewer said the toe had no adjustment which is not quite correct , there is some but not much . There is an adjustable outer velcro strap , but it is sown to a non adjustable inner strap . In my case the shoe is too wide for my foot so when I pull the strap tight enough to fit my foot it puts a uncomfortable fold in the inner strap . Someone with a wider foot said the inner strap did n't expand enough to fit their foot . I did n't think I had a narrow foot , but it is probably on the narrow opposed to the wide side . I 'm going to keep these because they fit `` good enough '' but it 's not what I had hoped for after reading these reviews .
 My wife has been raving about her Eccos for years and I finally decided to get a pair . I should 've bought them years ago because she is right . These are the most comfortable and sturdy sandals I have ever had . I 've been walking around in these for miles every day since I bought them and have n't had a rub point let alone a blister . I 'm visiting San Miguel de Allende where the streets are all cobblestones and these sandals provide excellent stability and traction even in the rain . Highly recommended .
 Both my husband and I now own a pair of Ecco sandals and we love them . There is only one problem we have found , it is with the velcro straps . They lose their tightness after a while . I wear my sandals everyday so they are put to the test and after one year of continuous wear I need to have the velcro replaced . Other than that , these are the best shoe purchase I have ever made !
 This is my third pair of Ecco Sandals . Much more comfortable and provide better support than any other sandal like them on the market . A great product !
 I bought these because our family went to Disneyworld and I needed some reliably comfortable footware for all the expected walking and waiting in line . I have a pair of Ecco dress shoes that have been excellent for style , durability , and comfort that prompted me to purchase these . Quality and comfort was as expected . I was able to keep up with the kids with out issue . My feet felt fine after each day of being on foot for over 12 hours .
 These sandals are easy to put on with just a one strap adjustment . So far very comfortable and attractive looking .
 Ordered these sandals for a 3 week summer vacation . I have plantar fasciitis and normally wear custom orthotics , however , have been unable to find any comfortable sandals for orthotics . These were great ! Even though I did not wear my orthotics , my feet were comfortable and I had no heel pain at all . Wore them the entire 3 weeks . Since I have a wide foot I ordered the Mens .
 these sandels are light and comfortable . They are so comfortable I forget that I have them on . This is the first time I owned ecco . I use to wear timberland .
 I just received the ECCO Yucatan Sandal in the mail today . It has to be the most comfortable sandal I have ever owned . It has great arch support and the sole feels a lot like that of a running/cross training shoe . I actually found the sandal to be true to size and am glad that I did not go up another size ... although I go from a 10 to a 10.5 and got the 10-10 .5 sandal . People are also complaining that the front strap is not adjustable ... well it is , but it only works to make it a little tighter on the toe ... not looser . For me , it was perfect as I needed to adjust the front toe to be a little bit tighter . It feels like a sandal I could walk in for a long time .
 Several years ago , a family member convinced me to pay $ 100 for a pair of leather sandals . I balked , but he insisted that I would have no regrets . I waited a year for a special occasion that would justify wearing such expensive sandals . Once I actually wore the sandals , I did not want to ever wear another pair of sandals . The sandals were amazing in how well they fit my feet , how comfortable they were , and how great they looked . After three years of daily summer wear , the sandals wore out . I searched another three years for an equivalent pair of sandals -LRB- both expensive and cheap -RRB- , but to no avail . I gave up and stopped wearing sandals . Last year a friend highly recommended the Ecco brand to me and after purchasing and wearing my fourth pair , I discovered that Ecco also made sandals . I came here to Amazon.com and searched for the model with the best reviews . I was skeptical that a sandal could justify such rave reviews , but bought a pair locally . I was halfway putting the first sandal on when I knew that I made the right choice and that this sandal was unlike any that I have ever worn . They easily surprised the other sandal that was hitherto my best experience.What I like about the sandals : - appearance
 These are the most comfortable and supportive sandals I have ever owned . I bought these as a replacement pair for my husband . I am on my second pair as well and my daughter has outgrown her 1st pair and is in her second pair . We wear them for everything but they are great for biking and hiking . Really good tread on the bottom and designed with thrree fully adjustable velcro straps -LRB- toe , ankle and heel -RRB- so you 're sure to get a great fit . The front strap has a neoprene band under the adjustable strap to minimize any rubbing and blisters . They are also recognized by the American Podiatric Medical Association with the APMA Seal of Acceptance . For an active spring/summer/fall , you ca n't get a better sandal .
 I do n't think I ever realized how bad my feet were and how much I need arch support until I purchased a couple of pairs of Ecco shoes , these and some everyday work shoes -LRB- old Trek model -RRB- . I love wearing sandals and first purchased the Yucatans 5 years ago for my honeymoon in the Caribbean . These sandals are fantastic for walking , hiking , etc. . The straps are comfortable and wo n't rub wrong . The soles and support keep your feet comfortable for miles and miles of walking . We were doing 5 to 10 miles a day of hiking and walking around the US Virgin Islands and never did my feet get sore with them . The arch support does take getting used to , but if you are already one to wear arch support , that point is moot.I have now worn through 2 pairs of these -LRB- in 5 years -RRB- . I find with everyday wear they seem to last about 2 years . When I say last , the arch support is what seems to wear out first . The remainder of the sandals holds up well , but for my feet , I need that support . That has n't stopped me from keeping them around , and I 'm greatful for how well they hold up . I 'd imagine that if I was less flat-footed , these sandals would last me on the order of 4 years.Additionally , I 've seen Ecco say that these sandals are n't recommended around water . Well , I only saw that recently and have often used these sandals around beaches into shallow water and out in the rain . They 've held up well . Granted they 'll start to look a little used , but that 's what shoes do anyway . I 've never had any blisters due to the sandals , anywhere on my feet , wet or dry.As for the sizing . I 'm normally a size 13 when it comes to shoes -LRB- 47 in European sizes and my other Ecco shoes -RRB- . However , when I am dealing with sandals -LRB- bare foot -RRB- , I 've had to go down to size 46 . That had not been an issue with other brands , but then again it just proves that shoe sizing is anything but consistent -LRB- I 've purchased Nike basketball shoes that took a size 16 to fit right and Nike golf shoes that took a 14 to feel right -RRB- . Last , Amazon has recently had these sandals as low as $ 85 . That does n't seem so low , but considering I had paid up to $ 130 when I originally purchased them , $ 85 is quite a deal . They are as sturdy as any sandal I 've purchased , and I 'd have no problem buying them for $ 130 again ... yet , it 's hard to pass up a deal . My recent purchase has been for 2 pairs that should last me another 5 + years .
 Husband wears a 12-1/2 wide-his foot is flat-and he has Plantar Fasciitis . I shop everywhere for his shoes and sandals , these are the best I could find for his big old foot I bought them in a 13 because they did not have wide , turned out to be a perfect fit . He loves them as I do because when I watch him walk his feet look secure and normal . The heels are very supportive for his 250 pound large framed body . Plus they are stylish even when he wears white socks with them tehe tehe - -LRB- only when he is going to play golf he says he wants to be able to just slide on his golf shoes while I laugh -RRB- . Anyway we really recommend these well made sandals .
 I have been wearing sandals since the '60s and just bought a pair of these ECCO Yucatan sandals after seeing them on display -LRB- but none left in my size -RRB- at REI in Seattle . Finally found a pair on Amazon via another seller and they arrived today . Absolutely the most comfortable sandal I have ever had on my feet . The straps fit perfectly . They are tight , have good arch support and conform to the shape of your feet . The length -LRB- 44/10 -1 / 2 US -RRB- is perfect . Stitching and quality are first-rate . Mine are brown leather with heavy-duty hiking soles . The leather is soft and pliable . In short , they are the best sandals I have ever bought . These days if you find a shoe you that you like you better buy two pair as they will surely disappear before you can blink . I immediately ordered another pair which I will store for use when these eventually wear out . Wish I had found them five years ago .
 Bought to replace my old pairs , which was actually 3 years old and still usable . It is comfy , does n't smell as the cheaper sandals do , and is really worth its money .
 I bought these for my boyfriend for Christmas and he loves them ! He used Teva 's before but could not walk a full day in them without being sore . He seems very happy with the Ecco 's , I would definitely recommend and purchase them again .
 This was an expensive present for my husband . It was definitely a splurge because these sandals are the most expensive footwear he owns . From the moment he opened the box , they have n't left his feet . He wears them everywhere . Not being a sandals kind of guy , he is now a convert and so grateful I bought them that he 's being extra helpful around the house.Advisory
 the ecco sandals are a very comfortable and high quality product , first time buying shoes on amazon , great experience.ECCO Men 's Yucatan Sandal
 I have been wearing ECCO sandals for more than ten years and not only are they very comfortable with good support features for my bad back but they last forever . My last pair just wore out after ten years of heavy use . If you are walking on hard surfaces most of the time such as concrete you might prefer the Coba model which has a slightly softer sole material.Truly worth the cost .
 Whent camping with famley at Baxter State Park in Maine . Hiked some trailes in the area with my 8 month daughter on my back my feet never botherd me once . Sandals are awsome will buy them again when have to .
 This is the most comfortable shoe I have ever worn . Worth the price . well made . I have worn similarly made shoes , but there is no comparison .
 I have used ECCO Sandals for many years . I usually will wear a pair out by the end of the sandal season , as I wear them everywhere . This years Yucatan sandals are of the usual high quality materials and construction . ECCO Sandals come with a great ache support which is important to me , thus I can wear the sandals all day without my feet getting sore or tired . I recommend ECCO Sandals to everyone .
 These are the most awesome sandals ever !! So comfortable and I can walk everywhere with them . I have n't been able to wear sandals for several years now because my feet would always hurt when I would go walking in other shoe sandal brands , but these are the best I 've ever had . I 'm female and I buy the mens because I have a wider toe front and narrow heals . These are adjustable and wide enough for my toes.I have an update for this . After wearing these for a couple of months , I discovered that the shoes were not wide enough for my little toes . They were rubbed so bad that they formed painful corns on them . The doctor told me not to wear them anymore.These shoes may be great for someone else .
 Bought these as a replacement for my previous for a similar pair of sandals which I had for over ten years , and had more than a thousand or more miles of walking on various terrains on them . These sandals are slightly different in that a piece of material is not included on this model -LRB- as are still on the previous pair -RRB- yet it has the same model number so I suppose that ECCO took off the piece . It is not a big deal , yet worth mentioning . An Amazon Prime item .
 I did lots of research before a trip to Walt Disney World as I knew if I got any blisters early on , the trip could be ruined . These lasted for NINE days at four Disney theme parks , two Disney water parks , two Universal theme parks , and nightly outings to Downtown Disney and other resort locations . These kept me going with minimal foot pain even after a week of walking all day long . Highly recommended .
 I 'm a big fan of Ecco shoes , boots and now sandals as they are light comfortable and go up to size 50 -LRB- US16 -RRB- which makes them one of the few shoes I can wear.These sandals are as comfortable as a trainer even after walking in them for a day.Thanks Amazon for the fast delivery service - we 'll be doing business again soon
 I had a pair of Ecco sandals but they are hard to find . I saw these on on Amazon and bought them . They are just as comfortable as my original sandals but have brown smooth leather rather than light gray suede . Ecco makes great sandals if you like to walk and be comfortable .
 I was a little worried about purchasing these online without trying them on . I listened to other users who said buy 1/2 size bigger than your usual size so I did . These are very , very comfortable and the tread grips the ground perfectly . The arch support fits my arch like a glove . I will definitely be purchasing another pair , although these look like they will last for quite some time . Way to go in designing an excellent product !!!
 I HAD THE BEST CUSTOMER SERVICE FROM SANUK ... FIRST OFF , THEIR PRODUCTS ARE EXTREMELY DURABLE , LONG LASTING ITEMS ... THE ONLY TIME I EVER BOUGHT A PAIR OF SANDALS FROM THEM AND HAD A BAD -LRB- IF YOU CAN CALL IT THAT -RRB- EXPERIENCE , WAS WHEN I HAD A FAULTILY MADE PAIR OF SANDALS , AND THE THONG PART BROKE ... ALL I HAD TO WAS EMAIL THEM , AND THEY SENT ME ANOTHER PAIR ABSOLUTELY FREE!I LOVE THIS COMPANY , AND WILL CONTINUE TO NET PROMOTE ... THANKS FOR THE BUSINESS , SANUK ! - CHRIS -
 I HAD THE BEST CUSTOMER SERVICE FROM SANUK ... FIRST OFF , THEIR PRODUCTS ARE EXTREMELY DURABLE , LONG LASTING ITEMS ... THE ONLY TIME I EVER BOUGHT A PAIR OF SANDALS FROM THEM AND HAD A BAD -LRB- IF YOU CAN CALL IT THAT -RRB- EXPERIENCE , WAS WHEN I HAD A FAULTILY MADE PAIR OF SANDALS , AND THE THONG PART BROKE ... ALL I HAD TO WAS EMAIL THEM , AND THEY SENT ME ANOTHER PAIR ABSOLUTELY FREE!I LOVE THIS COMPANY , AND WILL CONTINUE TO NET PROMOTE ... THANKS FOR THE BUSINESS , SANUK ! - CHRIS -
 I HAD THE BEST CUSTOMER SERVICE FROM SANUK ... FIRST OFF , THEIR PRODUCTS ARE EXTREMELY DURABLE , LONG LASTING ITEMS ... THE ONLY TIME I EVER BOUGHT A PAIR OF SANDALS FROM THEM AND HAD A BAD -LRB- IF YOU CAN CALL IT THAT -RRB- EXPERIENCE , WAS WHEN I HAD A FAULTILY MADE PAIR OF SANDALS , AND THE THONG PART BROKE ... ALL I HAD TO WAS EMAIL THEM , AND THEY SENT ME ANOTHER PAIR ABSOLUTELY FREE!I LOVE THIS COMPANY , AND WILL CONTINUE TO NET PROMOTE ... THANKS FOR THE BUSINESS , SANUK ! - CHRIS -
 i am 15 years old and i have played soccer for at least 11 years.these are the best pair yet.this was the first time i ever had used kelme soccer cleats . i was very inpressed on how these babys worked.i decided to give them a try and they are very confortable on your feet since i have wider feet . i bought them last year from amazon and have used them in at least 4 or 5 seasons and have played in every game and every minute . they front spikes are very worn out since i used them so much and i finally started to feel the differnece in play . i have decided i am going ot buy a more expensive KELME pair since i am very satisfied with thise pair of kelme miura m cleats . i am 15 years old and these cleats are great .
 I HAD THE BEST CUSTOMER SERVICE FROM SANUK ... FIRST OFF , THEIR PRODUCTS ARE EXTREMELY DURABLE , LONG LASTING ITEMS ... THE ONLY TIME I EVER BOUGHT A PAIR OF SANDALS FROM THEM AND HAD A BAD -LRB- IF YOU CAN CALL IT THAT -RRB- EXPERIENCE , WAS WHEN I HAD A FAULTILY MADE PAIR OF SANDALS , AND THE THONG PART BROKE ... ALL I HAD TO WAS EMAIL THEM , AND THEY SENT ME ANOTHER PAIR ABSOLUTELY FREE!I LOVE THIS COMPANY , AND WILL CONTINUE TO NET PROMOTE ... THANKS FOR THE BUSINESS , SANUK ! - CHRIS -
 i am 15 years old and i have played soccer for at least 11 years.these are the best pair yet.this was the first time i ever had used kelme soccer cleats . i was very inpressed on how these babys worked.i decided to give them a try and they are very confortable on your feet since i have wider feet . i bought them last year from amazon and have used them in at least 4 or 5 seasons and have played in every game and every minute . they front spikes are very worn out since i used them so much and i finally started to feel the differnece in play . i have decided i am going ot buy a more expensive KELME pair since i am very satisfied with thise pair of kelme miura m cleats . i am 15 years old and these cleats are great .
 i am 15 years old and i have played soccer for at least 11 years.these are the best pair yet.this was the first time i ever had used kelme soccer cleats . i was very inpressed on how these babys worked.i decided to give them a try and they are very confortable on your feet since i have wider feet . i bought them last year from amazon and have used them in at least 4 or 5 seasons and have played in every game and every minute . they front spikes are very worn out since i used them so much and i finally started to feel the differnece in play . i have decided i am going ot buy a more expensive KELME pair since i am very satisfied with thise pair of kelme miura m cleats . i am 15 years old and these cleats are great .
 I fell in love with Puma Gvvs the moment I saw them at the mall . Already owning two pairs of Puma Gvs -LRB- with shoelaces instead of velcro -RRB- , I could n't wait to get my hands on a pair of gvvs . They are ridiculously cute ; however , I have no idea why Puma only manufactures them as men 's shoes . I could never see a guy wearing these shoes.Anyway , I bought a pair from the puma website . I am typically a size 6 in women 's , but got a 5.5 in men 's which is a 7 in women 's -LRB- because they were all out of smaller sizes -RRB- . I was very happy with the way they look , except that they were too big for me . After a while though , the bottom of the shoes started yellowing . Of my two pairs of puma gvs , one yellowed and one has stayed white . I do n't know why puma makes shoes whose soles turn yellow ! It 's gross and I hate it ! So I would recommend purchasing these shoes in person . Feel the sole ; I 've found that the pairs that stay white are more plasticy and slightly glossyish . Besides turning yellow , they are great shoes !
 I HAD THE BEST CUSTOMER SERVICE FROM SANUK ... FIRST OFF , THEIR PRODUCTS ARE EXTREMELY DURABLE , LONG LASTING ITEMS ... THE ONLY TIME I EVER BOUGHT A PAIR OF SANDALS FROM THEM AND HAD A BAD -LRB- IF YOU CAN CALL IT THAT -RRB- EXPERIENCE , WAS WHEN I HAD A FAULTILY MADE PAIR OF SANDALS , AND THE THONG PART BROKE ... ALL I HAD TO WAS EMAIL THEM , AND THEY SENT ME ANOTHER PAIR ABSOLUTELY FREE!I LOVE THIS COMPANY , AND WILL CONTINUE TO NET PROMOTE ... THANKS FOR THE BUSINESS , SANUK ! - CHRIS -
 i am 15 years old and i have played soccer for at least 11 years.these are the best pair yet.this was the first time i ever had used kelme soccer cleats . i was very inpressed on how these babys worked.i decided to give them a try and they are very confortable on your feet since i have wider feet . i bought them last year from amazon and have used them in at least 4 or 5 seasons and have played in every game and every minute . they front spikes are very worn out since i used them so much and i finally started to feel the differnece in play . i have decided i am going ot buy a more expensive KELME pair since i am very satisfied with thise pair of kelme miura m cleats . i am 15 years old and these cleats are great .
 I found this shoe quite stable and surprisingly shock-absorbing . I usually buy my adidas size 10 , but this was a tad larger than other adidas size 10 . So beware and buy it 1/2 a size smaller than you usually buy your adidas.A very good running shoe overall !
 Comfortable and great cushion . I love it . Been using it for over a year now . Very durable .
 I LOVE THESE SHOES !!! they are comfortable , I got them for a good price and they look really good !!!!
 Adidas has three types of shoes for their `` Ride '' shock absorption running shoes ; the Gigaride , Megaride , and this - the Microride . Microride outsole consists of smaller sized absorption grooves -LRB- aka Nike Shox lookalike -RRB- . Gigarides and Megarides emphasize shock absorption . Microride is more concerned with weight , it seems like.There are also two models of Microride , one with full fabric top , another with synthetic leather construction . This one is the full fabric , which is supposed to be soft , and also lighter . -LRB- The synthetic leather is supposed to be more durable . -RRB- Anyway , with the combination of Microride and full mesh top , this shoe is low and very light . I ca n't find a number anywhere , but once started running , the shoes feel like featherweight . The impact is a little bit harder , due to less shock absorption , so it 's probably more of a treadmill shoe than trails . Overall , though , very comfortable . It 's my first time with running shoes this light and I like it . With these , I achieved my fastest pace ever with less effort than I would have expected.A couple of things I did notice
 true to size , stylish , i purchased these because they were on sale . good looking boot
 I had a very hard time finding comfortable boots , but these are very soft and fit very well , and they are very sexy . Thank you for bring this type of boots on line .
 i am 15 years old and i have played soccer for at least 11 years.these are the best pair yet.this was the first time i ever had used kelme soccer cleats . i was very inpressed on how these babys worked.i decided to give them a try and they are very confortable on your feet since i have wider feet . i bought them last year from amazon and have used them in at least 4 or 5 seasons and have played in every game and every minute . they front spikes are very worn out since i used them so much and i finally started to feel the differnece in play . i have decided i am going ot buy a more expensive KELME pair since i am very satisfied with thise pair of kelme miura m cleats . i am 15 years old and these cleats are great .
 I 'm extremely pleased with each aspect of this transaction , and with the product . Frequently , items are advertised through catalogs or newspaper ads , and fail to meet the expectations of the buyer . That was not the case with this pair of shoes . They were exactly as pictured , and exceeded my expectations . I liked the way I was able to view the shoe from every angle . That was clever advertising . The shape of the shoe is very becoming , and the heel is a perfect height . I highly recommend it .
 The shoes fit good and the price was excellent . Please continue to offer name brands for a good price .
 I bought these in silver and absolutely love them . I am wearing them for a special occasion , but would n't suggest them for a casual look as they are very sparkly -- gorgeous !
 This is a great pair of shoes and a good to have n your collection.It is a subtle silver and looks absolutely delicate on your feet.BUT it is one size smaller than normal.I usually wear a 8.5 M and this turned out to be small for me.I do fit into it but my toe juts out a little bit.A 9M would have been better.But I dont have the patience to return it , so I am gon na keep it.Its a lovely pair of shoes !
 Classic Vans . The style has n't changed in more than 10 years . I 've had mine for that long . I 've skated them for that long too . Super comfortable when they 're broken in and will last you for years . Vans for life .
 These shoes fit great and look cool . They were shipped on time and looked exactly as described . My son 's friends complimented him on his new shoes !
 Very happy with the way they feel on my feet , there is some foot support and they look good on me aswell , I will continue to buy more vans in the future
 i am very pleased with my product - it was a gift for my son who is an avid skate boarder and vans has b come 1 of his favorite shoes
 They feel comfortable and true to size . The black and white go with everything . I 'll be buying this same pair again .
 Looked all over and could not find these anywhere including the Vans outlet here locally . Arrived on time and fit great.Love my Vans !!!
 Bought these shoes for my teenage son.He loves them - still wearing them after two years.The great part of Vans is that the size is consistent around the world .
 I have always been . Big Vans fan . I never owned the classics but after buying them I love them . Really comfortable and are made much better than other company 's shoes that are made to look like vans .
 5 star all the way love vans . No abnormalitys to the show shipped fast great seller . No problems with product works great if you have wide feet as well .
 Classic Vans . The style has n't changed in more than 10 years . I 've had mine since 2002 I dont skate so much but I love the style , this shoes was a little bit bigger but it 's ok . . good choise VANS OLD SCHOOL
 These shoes are very comfy once worn in , and perfect for anything from walking to skateboarding . I would choose them over converse any day . They are also quite durable .
 This show is so comfortable and looks great with anything . Light weight with clean lines . No need to wear them in . They are instantly comfortable .
 Shoes are nice and durable like only vans are , however this classics are very harsh on your feet the first couple weeks
 These shoes are great for skating , the soles of the shoe have a nice flat bottom with thick rubber that gives a solid feel on the deck of the skateboard with padding on the inside . I skate ditches a few times a week and can usually get a few months out of a pair of these shoes before wearing holes in the soles of the shoes .
 I LOVE THESE VANS ! they look so sick and skate well , though not very durable considering the canvas.but packaging was great and was delivered sooner then expected ordered it monday and got it thurday.Great service awesome shoe
 I purchased these shoes to wear for special occasions . My last pair was eaten by my bosses dog . I live in Costa Rica these shoes are not sold anywhere here . In this climate rain , mud , sand , & mold can ruin shoes quickly here . These are perfect they look stylish & are extremely comfortable . I am happy with my purchase !
 My son is on pair four . He loves the comfort of this shoe . Oddly enough he needs a shoe horn to put them on but once on they are like a comfy glove . Sadly it looks like they are phasing out and the black and white ones are rare to find which are the only ones he 'll wear .
 These are the ONLY shoes I 've wanted this tear , and i found them here for the best price , after browsing the malls
 Do you have a Vans Old Skool Black White 7D -LRB- M -RRB- US ? Could you tell me on my e-mail ? It 's thiagomizuki@yahoo.com.br
 I fell in love with Puma Gvvs the moment I saw them at the mall . Already owning two pairs of Puma Gvs -LRB- with shoelaces instead of velcro -RRB- , I could n't wait to get my hands on a pair of gvvs . They are ridiculously cute ; however , I have no idea why Puma only manufactures them as men 's shoes . I could never see a guy wearing these shoes.Anyway , I bought a pair from the puma website . I am typically a size 6 in women 's , but got a 5.5 in men 's which is a 7 in women 's -LRB- because they were all out of smaller sizes -RRB- . I was very happy with the way they look , except that they were too big for me . After a while though , the bottom of the shoes started yellowing . Of my two pairs of puma gvs , one yellowed and one has stayed white . I do n't know why puma makes shoes whose soles turn yellow ! It 's gross and I hate it ! So I would recommend purchasing these shoes in person . Feel the sole ; I 've found that the pairs that stay white are more plasticy and slightly glossyish . Besides turning yellow , they are great shoes !
 i am 15 years old and i have played soccer for at least 11 years.these are the best pair yet.this was the first time i ever had used kelme soccer cleats . i was very inpressed on how these babys worked.i decided to give them a try and they are very confortable on your feet since i have wider feet . i bought them last year from amazon and have used them in at least 4 or 5 seasons and have played in every game and every minute . they front spikes are very worn out since i used them so much and i finally started to feel the differnece in play . i have decided i am going ot buy a more expensive KELME pair since i am very satisfied with thise pair of kelme miura m cleats . i am 15 years old and these cleats are great .
 Classic Vans . The style has n't changed in more than 10 years . I 've had mine for that long . I 've skated them for that long too . Super comfortable when they 're broken in and will last you for years . Vans for life .
 These shoes fit great and look cool . They were shipped on time and looked exactly as described . My son 's friends complimented him on his new shoes !
 Very happy with the way they feel on my feet , there is some foot support and they look good on me aswell , I will continue to buy more vans in the future
 i am very pleased with my product - it was a gift for my son who is an avid skate boarder and vans has b come 1 of his favorite shoes
 They feel comfortable and true to size . The black and white go with everything . I 'll be buying this same pair again .
 Looked all over and could not find these anywhere including the Vans outlet here locally . Arrived on time and fit great.Love my Vans !!!
 Bought these shoes for my teenage son.He loves them - still wearing them after two years.The great part of Vans is that the size is consistent around the world .
 I have always been . Big Vans fan . I never owned the classics but after buying them I love them . Really comfortable and are made much better than other company 's shoes that are made to look like vans .
 5 star all the way love vans . No abnormalitys to the show shipped fast great seller . No problems with product works great if you have wide feet as well .
 Classic Vans . The style has n't changed in more than 10 years . I 've had mine since 2002 I dont skate so much but I love the style , this shoes was a little bit bigger but it 's ok . . good choise VANS OLD SCHOOL
 These shoes are very comfy once worn in , and perfect for anything from walking to skateboarding . I would choose them over converse any day . They are also quite durable .
 This show is so comfortable and looks great with anything . Light weight with clean lines . No need to wear them in . They are instantly comfortable .
 Shoes are nice and durable like only vans are , however this classics are very harsh on your feet the first couple weeks
 These shoes are great for skating , the soles of the shoe have a nice flat bottom with thick rubber that gives a solid feel on the deck of the skateboard with padding on the inside . I skate ditches a few times a week and can usually get a few months out of a pair of these shoes before wearing holes in the soles of the shoes .
 I LOVE THESE VANS ! they look so sick and skate well , though not very durable considering the canvas.but packaging was great and was delivered sooner then expected ordered it monday and got it thurday.Great service awesome shoe
 I purchased these shoes to wear for special occasions . My last pair was eaten by my bosses dog . I live in Costa Rica these shoes are not sold anywhere here . In this climate rain , mud , sand , & mold can ruin shoes quickly here . These are perfect they look stylish & are extremely comfortable . I am happy with my purchase !
 My son is on pair four . He loves the comfort of this shoe . Oddly enough he needs a shoe horn to put them on but once on they are like a comfy glove . Sadly it looks like they are phasing out and the black and white ones are rare to find which are the only ones he 'll wear .
 These are the ONLY shoes I 've wanted this tear , and i found them here for the best price , after browsing the malls
 Do you have a Vans Old Skool Black White 7D -LRB- M -RRB- US ? Could you tell me on my e-mail ? It 's thiagomizuki@yahoo.com.br
 i am 15 years old and i have played soccer for at least 11 years.these are the best pair yet.this was the first time i ever had used kelme soccer cleats . i was very inpressed on how these babys worked.i decided to give them a try and they are very confortable on your feet since i have wider feet . i bought them last year from amazon and have used them in at least 4 or 5 seasons and have played in every game and every minute . they front spikes are very worn out since i used them so much and i finally started to feel the differnece in play . i have decided i am going ot buy a more expensive KELME pair since i am very satisfied with thise pair of kelme miura m cleats . i am 15 years old and these cleats are great .
 Very comfortable shoes with good arch support which is hard to find in department stores . Thank you and keep up the good work
 I cant get enough of this sneakers . I love them and how comfortable they are and i get compliments all the time . Would definitely recommend .
 This is the only sneaker I can wear that does not bother the arthritis in my feet . I have a hard time finding them except online .
 This is probably the 6th pair of these sneakers I have bought over the years because they fit well , the arch is very supportive , and it has just the right heel height so my feet feel comfortable all day in them !
 These are beautiful shoes at a great price . They also arrived very fast ! I am extremely happy with my purchase .
 these are the only sneakers that do not hurt arthritic bunions ... VERY highly recommend.No hard canvas or leather ... nylon that comforms to feet ... extremely comfortable ... I wear an 8.5 shoe but size 9 in this sneaker
 WOoooo this is the reebok that I was looking 4 . Until my boyfriend told me about AMAZON . . They are sooooo cute that I do n't wan na weared . . thank u sooooo much .
 I really like these tennis shoes . I have always worn them and could no longer find them in department stores . So , I went looking on the internet . These are the only tennis shoes I like for the summer time . This is the only shoe that are ready to wear , right out of the box . No need to break anything in ... they are perfect the moment you put them on . I love them !
 I am very happy with my purchase . I am wearing my brand new sneakers right now ! The size was what I ordered , and the picture does not give the sneakers justice . They look GREAT !! I received my purchase quickly . I like that ! I LOVE my sneakers and I will do business with this seller again !
 IT IS COMFORTABLE AND BLACK . IT IS OKAY . I WILL NOT SAY I AM IN LOVE WITH IT . I HAVE NOT OWNED A PAIR OF SNEAKERS IN OVER A DECADE AND I FEEL AS THOUGH I HAVE NOT MISSED OUT ON ANYTHING . NOT THRILLED AT ALL
 THIS SNEAKERS ARE THE BEST OF THE BEST , SO COMFY , NEVER GO OUT OF STYLE AND YOU CAN WEAR THEM WITH ALMOST EVERYTHING.YOU REALLY GOT WHAT 'S SHOWN ON TH PIC.ALSO GOT THEM ON TIME AND IN EXCELLENT CONDITION .
 These were the same shoes I used to wear years ago . Same comfort as I remembered . Glad to have found these again .
 I love these sneakers . They are the only ones I wear . I have hammer toes and the soft nylon top is extremely comfortable
 These are my all-time favorite sneakers . They always fit just right and are more comfortable than any others I have owned .
 I had another pair of these several years ago and found them to be one of the most comfortable pair of shoes I have ever owned . I was so happy to find them again . However , I have to agree with some of the other reviewers here , this is a nice shoe but , they are not as comfortable as they use to be and seem to run just a bit more narrow . Perhaps you might want to think about buying them a half size larger than what you normally buy . Still a good buy though!Marcus Uniform is an outstanding company that ships very quickly . Will definitely order from them again .
 Okay , this review is for the pair that is BLACK & WHITE.Reebok makes these for men and women . My father has an OLD pair like this ! I do n't know how long he has had his pair , but his feel much more cushiony . He hardly wears his though.I bought my pair in 2008 . With the original insoles , mine are not comfortable enough because I can feel the impact of my feet hitting the ground when I wear them casually -LRB- walking here and there doing chores , running errands , etc -RRB- . Then again , I have had my pair since 2008 . I never wore these everyday though . Anyway , I am glad there is always orthotics to buy to resolve any feeling of discomfort when wearing sneakers . I removed the original insoles and inserted sports orthotics . Now these sneakers are always comfortable when I wear them casually.I do admire these sneakers for the classic , casual look .
 My wife loved these classic shoes that not only helped her with running and walking since she spends alot of time on her feet at work she enjoys the comfort of these shoes thank you for helping me help her stay happy on her feet .
 I have used Reebok Classic Nylon Sneakers for years and as long as they still make them , I will be using them .
 This shoe is comfortable and wears well . Reebok for women often runs narrow and this particular shoe seems to run short . A pair of this same exact style and size previously worn was a bit longer . Recommended for everyday wear . A good shoe .
 These are my wife 's favorite shoes for walking and jogging . She especially likes the toe shape which is n't as boxy and blunt as other styles and brands . They 're also very lightweight , cooler than leather and very washable , which is important living here in Hawaii , where we 're warm and damp most of the time .
 Unlike almost every person who reads this review or buys this style of Reebok , I am limited in my choices . Because of childhood polio , my feet are extremely small -LRB- 4.5-5 -RRB- and I wear braces on both feet . The Reebok Classic is the only shoe we have been able to find that has a solid bottom or sole . This allows my shoe repairman to add an inch lift to the bottom and a wedge . I am very fortunate that the times we live in are such that the sight of someone in the grocery store in `` sneakers '' is an unremarkable event . It also helps that I live in So . Calif. where casual dress is the standard . I am not really as pathetic as I sound , I actually own 3 pairs of the Classic Nylon Reebok , 1 pair of black leather extra depth shoes and a pair of light tan extra depth . That 's it !! I consider Sarah Jessica Parker to be a goddess .
 Have worn these shoes for over 20 years , and was so glad to find this pair online . I 've been using them after having surgery a couple of weeks ago , so am starting exercise slowly , but they give great support and comfort .
 I just ordered 2 pairs and I love these shoes . Very stylish with the dark black and white . They fit perfectly for me at my 6.5 size . They are comfortable out of the box and hold up really well . I throw them in the washer and they come out clean and bright.I use these shoes for walking and when I have a lot of errands . Never hurt your feet.Most athletic shoes are so unattractive and these are n't . I have been wearing these shows for a few years and would n't think of buying anything else .
 Have worn this style/brand for years and was pleased at the decent price . i will continue purchasing them as my feet are narrow , flat , and i have LONG toes . These are the most comfortable walking shoes ever and REEBOK is the best !
 Love the shoes . Hard to find this color . Fit great . Very comfortable . Light weight . Easy to wash as well . Will probably order it in another color .
 Have had several pair and I love these tennis shoes . Have worn them for years . They are getting harder to find but I will keep looking
 I love these shoes a LOT ! The shipping was super fast and the shoes are just GREAT !!! I do n't want to take them off , they 're so comfortable and very pretty . An added bonus
 This product was for my wife . She has tried otherbrands and styles , but this item is the only one thatshe is completely satisfied with . As long as this shoe isavailable , it is what she will buy . It is inexpensivecompared to others she has tried . Additionally , Amazonprovided the service of delivery as indicated in theon-line order showed . I am totally satisfied with thecomplete transaction with Amazon .
 I work in the healthcare field and work 10 hour days mostly on my feet ! I have tried all kinds and brands of sneakers but always end up with my reeboks . This kind keep my feet cool and have so much cushion my feet feel the same at the end of the day as they did at the begining . I love and recommend these for everyone . Because they are a lower price than most sneakers I could not find them in the stores so I ordered them online , great price so I bought 2 pairs !
 I like my shoes . the motivating factor here was the price but they fit well and are exactly what I expected . they arrived pretty quickly . I would purchase shoes from Amazon again .
 These shoes are very light weight and comfortable for running . Very good and soft for long days of wearing while traveling etc. .
 These shoes have tons of support and breathing room . I use them for running and I really like them !
 these are hard to find and glad you had them . I just love them.Thank You
 The shoes were just what I was looking for . Shipping time was really fast .
 I fell in love with Puma Gvvs the moment I saw them at the mall . Already owning two pairs of Puma Gvs -LRB- with shoelaces instead of velcro -RRB- , I could n't wait to get my hands on a pair of gvvs . They are ridiculously cute ; however , I have no idea why Puma only manufactures them as men 's shoes . I could never see a guy wearing these shoes.Anyway , I bought a pair from the puma website . I am typically a size 6 in women 's , but got a 5.5 in men 's which is a 7 in women 's -LRB- because they were all out of smaller sizes -RRB- . I was very happy with the way they look , except that they were too big for me . After a while though , the bottom of the shoes started yellowing . Of my two pairs of puma gvs , one yellowed and one has stayed white . I do n't know why puma makes shoes whose soles turn yellow ! It 's gross and I hate it ! So I would recommend purchasing these shoes in person . Feel the sole ; I 've found that the pairs that stay white are more plasticy and slightly glossyish . Besides turning yellow , they are great shoes !
 These are the most comfortable shoes that I have found so far . I am a delivery driver and am on my feet for 10 hours a day . These shoes are great
 Do you have a Vans Old Skool Black White 7D -LRB- M -RRB- US ? Could you tell me on my e-mail ? It 's thiagomizuki@yahoo.com.br
 These shoes are very comfy once worn in , and perfect for anything from walking to skateboarding . I would choose them over converse any day . They are also quite durable .
 This show is so comfortable and looks great with anything . Light weight with clean lines . No need to wear them in . They are instantly comfortable .
 Shoes are nice and durable like only vans are , however this classics are very harsh on your feet the first couple weeks
 These shoes are great for skating , the soles of the shoe have a nice flat bottom with thick rubber that gives a solid feel on the deck of the skateboard with padding on the inside . I skate ditches a few times a week and can usually get a few months out of a pair of these shoes before wearing holes in the soles of the shoes .
 I LOVE THESE VANS ! they look so sick and skate well , though not very durable considering the canvas.but packaging was great and was delivered sooner then expected ordered it monday and got it thurday.Great service awesome shoe
 I purchased these shoes to wear for special occasions . My last pair was eaten by my bosses dog . I live in Costa Rica these shoes are not sold anywhere here . In this climate rain , mud , sand , & mold can ruin shoes quickly here . These are perfect they look stylish & are extremely comfortable . I am happy with my purchase !
 My son is on pair four . He loves the comfort of this shoe . Oddly enough he needs a shoe horn to put them on but once on they are like a comfy glove . Sadly it looks like they are phasing out and the black and white ones are rare to find which are the only ones he 'll wear .
 These are the ONLY shoes I 've wanted this tear , and i found them here for the best price , after browsing the malls
 Classic Vans . The style has n't changed in more than 10 years . I 've had mine for that long . I 've skated them for that long too . Super comfortable when they 're broken in and will last you for years . Vans for life .
 These shoes fit great and look cool . They were shipped on time and looked exactly as described . My son 's friends complimented him on his new shoes !
 Very happy with the way they feel on my feet , there is some foot support and they look good on me aswell , I will continue to buy more vans in the future
 i am very pleased with my product - it was a gift for my son who is an avid skate boarder and vans has b come 1 of his favorite shoes
 They feel comfortable and true to size . The black and white go with everything . I 'll be buying this same pair again .
 Looked all over and could not find these anywhere including the Vans outlet here locally . Arrived on time and fit great.Love my Vans !!!
 Bought these shoes for my teenage son.He loves them - still wearing them after two years.The great part of Vans is that the size is consistent around the world .
 I have always been . Big Vans fan . I never owned the classics but after buying them I love them . Really comfortable and are made much better than other company 's shoes that are made to look like vans .
 5 star all the way love vans . No abnormalitys to the show shipped fast great seller . No problems with product works great if you have wide feet as well .
 Classic Vans . The style has n't changed in more than 10 years . I 've had mine since 2002 I dont skate so much but I love the style , this shoes was a little bit bigger but it 's ok . . good choise VANS OLD SCHOOL
 I love these slippers and I 'm sorry I did n't order numerous pairs before they ran out of my size . Very comfortable and very affordable . I look forward to slipping my feet in them as soon as I get home .
 Do you have a Vans Old Skool Black White 7D -LRB- M -RRB- US ? Could you tell me on my e-mail ? It 's thiagomizuki@yahoo.com.br
 These shoes are very comfy once worn in , and perfect for anything from walking to skateboarding . I would choose them over converse any day . They are also quite durable .
 This show is so comfortable and looks great with anything . Light weight with clean lines . No need to wear them in . They are instantly comfortable .
 Shoes are nice and durable like only vans are , however this classics are very harsh on your feet the first couple weeks
 These shoes are great for skating , the soles of the shoe have a nice flat bottom with thick rubber that gives a solid feel on the deck of the skateboard with padding on the inside . I skate ditches a few times a week and can usually get a few months out of a pair of these shoes before wearing holes in the soles of the shoes .
 I LOVE THESE VANS ! they look so sick and skate well , though not very durable considering the canvas.but packaging was great and was delivered sooner then expected ordered it monday and got it thurday.Great service awesome shoe
 I purchased these shoes to wear for special occasions . My last pair was eaten by my bosses dog . I live in Costa Rica these shoes are not sold anywhere here . In this climate rain , mud , sand , & mold can ruin shoes quickly here . These are perfect they look stylish & are extremely comfortable . I am happy with my purchase !
 My son is on pair four . He loves the comfort of this shoe . Oddly enough he needs a shoe horn to put them on but once on they are like a comfy glove . Sadly it looks like they are phasing out and the black and white ones are rare to find which are the only ones he 'll wear .
 These are the ONLY shoes I 've wanted this tear , and i found them here for the best price , after browsing the malls
 Classic Vans . The style has n't changed in more than 10 years . I 've had mine for that long . I 've skated them for that long too . Super comfortable when they 're broken in and will last you for years . Vans for life .
 These shoes fit great and look cool . They were shipped on time and looked exactly as described . My son 's friends complimented him on his new shoes !
 Very happy with the way they feel on my feet , there is some foot support and they look good on me aswell , I will continue to buy more vans in the future
 i am very pleased with my product - it was a gift for my son who is an avid skate boarder and vans has b come 1 of his favorite shoes
 They feel comfortable and true to size . The black and white go with everything . I 'll be buying this same pair again .
 Looked all over and could not find these anywhere including the Vans outlet here locally . Arrived on time and fit great.Love my Vans !!!
 Bought these shoes for my teenage son.He loves them - still wearing them after two years.The great part of Vans is that the size is consistent around the world .
 I have always been . Big Vans fan . I never owned the classics but after buying them I love them . Really comfortable and are made much better than other company 's shoes that are made to look like vans .
 5 star all the way love vans . No abnormalitys to the show shipped fast great seller . No problems with product works great if you have wide feet as well .
 Classic Vans . The style has n't changed in more than 10 years . I 've had mine since 2002 I dont skate so much but I love the style , this shoes was a little bit bigger but it 's ok . . good choise VANS OLD SCHOOL
 I fell in love with Puma Gvvs the moment I saw them at the mall . Already owning two pairs of Puma Gvs -LRB- with shoelaces instead of velcro -RRB- , I could n't wait to get my hands on a pair of gvvs . They are ridiculously cute ; however , I have no idea why Puma only manufactures them as men 's shoes . I could never see a guy wearing these shoes.Anyway , I bought a pair from the puma website . I am typically a size 6 in women 's , but got a 5.5 in men 's which is a 7 in women 's -LRB- because they were all out of smaller sizes -RRB- . I was very happy with the way they look , except that they were too big for me . After a while though , the bottom of the shoes started yellowing . Of my two pairs of puma gvs , one yellowed and one has stayed white . I do n't know why puma makes shoes whose soles turn yellow ! It 's gross and I hate it ! So I would recommend purchasing these shoes in person . Feel the sole ; I 've found that the pairs that stay white are more plasticy and slightly glossyish . Besides turning yellow , they are great shoes !
 Do you have a Vans Old Skool Black White 7D -LRB- M -RRB- US ? Could you tell me on my e-mail ? It 's thiagomizuki@yahoo.com.br
 These shoes are very comfy once worn in , and perfect for anything from walking to skateboarding . I would choose them over converse any day . They are also quite durable .
 This show is so comfortable and looks great with anything . Light weight with clean lines . No need to wear them in . They are instantly comfortable .
 Shoes are nice and durable like only vans are , however this classics are very harsh on your feet the first couple weeks
 These shoes are great for skating , the soles of the shoe have a nice flat bottom with thick rubber that gives a solid feel on the deck of the skateboard with padding on the inside . I skate ditches a few times a week and can usually get a few months out of a pair of these shoes before wearing holes in the soles of the shoes .
 I LOVE THESE VANS ! they look so sick and skate well , though not very durable considering the canvas.but packaging was great and was delivered sooner then expected ordered it monday and got it thurday.Great service awesome shoe
 I purchased these shoes to wear for special occasions . My last pair was eaten by my bosses dog . I live in Costa Rica these shoes are not sold anywhere here . In this climate rain , mud , sand , & mold can ruin shoes quickly here . These are perfect they look stylish & are extremely comfortable . I am happy with my purchase !
 My son is on pair four . He loves the comfort of this shoe . Oddly enough he needs a shoe horn to put them on but once on they are like a comfy glove . Sadly it looks like they are phasing out and the black and white ones are rare to find which are the only ones he 'll wear .
 These are the ONLY shoes I 've wanted this tear , and i found them here for the best price , after browsing the malls
 Classic Vans . The style has n't changed in more than 10 years . I 've had mine for that long . I 've skated them for that long too . Super comfortable when they 're broken in and will last you for years . Vans for life .
 These shoes fit great and look cool . They were shipped on time and looked exactly as described . My son 's friends complimented him on his new shoes !
 Very happy with the way they feel on my feet , there is some foot support and they look good on me aswell , I will continue to buy more vans in the future
 i am very pleased with my product - it was a gift for my son who is an avid skate boarder and vans has b come 1 of his favorite shoes
 They feel comfortable and true to size . The black and white go with everything . I 'll be buying this same pair again .
 Looked all over and could not find these anywhere including the Vans outlet here locally . Arrived on time and fit great.Love my Vans !!!
 Bought these shoes for my teenage son.He loves them - still wearing them after two years.The great part of Vans is that the size is consistent around the world .
 I have always been . Big Vans fan . I never owned the classics but after buying them I love them . Really comfortable and are made much better than other company 's shoes that are made to look like vans .
 5 star all the way love vans . No abnormalitys to the show shipped fast great seller . No problems with product works great if you have wide feet as well .
 Classic Vans . The style has n't changed in more than 10 years . I 've had mine since 2002 I dont skate so much but I love the style , this shoes was a little bit bigger but it 's ok . . good choise VANS OLD SCHOOL
 You want to buy them in one size higher then you would normally wear . All & all ; they are very nice dance heels !
 Very comfortable shoes with good arch support which is hard to find in department stores . Thank you and keep up the good work
 I cant get enough of this sneakers . I love them and how comfortable they are and i get compliments all the time . Would definitely recommend .
 This is the only sneaker I can wear that does not bother the arthritis in my feet . I have a hard time finding them except online .
 This is probably the 6th pair of these sneakers I have bought over the years because they fit well , the arch is very supportive , and it has just the right heel height so my feet feel comfortable all day in them !
 These are beautiful shoes at a great price . They also arrived very fast ! I am extremely happy with my purchase .
 these are the only sneakers that do not hurt arthritic bunions ... VERY highly recommend.No hard canvas or leather ... nylon that comforms to feet ... extremely comfortable ... I wear an 8.5 shoe but size 9 in this sneaker
 WOoooo this is the reebok that I was looking 4 . Until my boyfriend told me about AMAZON . . They are sooooo cute that I do n't wan na weared . . thank u sooooo much .
 I really like these tennis shoes . I have always worn them and could no longer find them in department stores . So , I went looking on the internet . These are the only tennis shoes I like for the summer time . This is the only shoe that are ready to wear , right out of the box . No need to break anything in ... they are perfect the moment you put them on . I love them !
 I am very happy with my purchase . I am wearing my brand new sneakers right now ! The size was what I ordered , and the picture does not give the sneakers justice . They look GREAT !! I received my purchase quickly . I like that ! I LOVE my sneakers and I will do business with this seller again !
 IT IS COMFORTABLE AND BLACK . IT IS OKAY . I WILL NOT SAY I AM IN LOVE WITH IT . I HAVE NOT OWNED A PAIR OF SNEAKERS IN OVER A DECADE AND I FEEL AS THOUGH I HAVE NOT MISSED OUT ON ANYTHING . NOT THRILLED AT ALL
 THIS SNEAKERS ARE THE BEST OF THE BEST , SO COMFY , NEVER GO OUT OF STYLE AND YOU CAN WEAR THEM WITH ALMOST EVERYTHING.YOU REALLY GOT WHAT 'S SHOWN ON TH PIC.ALSO GOT THEM ON TIME AND IN EXCELLENT CONDITION .
 These were the same shoes I used to wear years ago . Same comfort as I remembered . Glad to have found these again .
 I love these sneakers . They are the only ones I wear . I have hammer toes and the soft nylon top is extremely comfortable
 These are my all-time favorite sneakers . They always fit just right and are more comfortable than any others I have owned .
 I had another pair of these several years ago and found them to be one of the most comfortable pair of shoes I have ever owned . I was so happy to find them again . However , I have to agree with some of the other reviewers here , this is a nice shoe but , they are not as comfortable as they use to be and seem to run just a bit more narrow . Perhaps you might want to think about buying them a half size larger than what you normally buy . Still a good buy though!Marcus Uniform is an outstanding company that ships very quickly . Will definitely order from them again .
 Okay , this review is for the pair that is BLACK & WHITE.Reebok makes these for men and women . My father has an OLD pair like this ! I do n't know how long he has had his pair , but his feel much more cushiony . He hardly wears his though.I bought my pair in 2008 . With the original insoles , mine are not comfortable enough because I can feel the impact of my feet hitting the ground when I wear them casually -LRB- walking here and there doing chores , running errands , etc -RRB- . Then again , I have had my pair since 2008 . I never wore these everyday though . Anyway , I am glad there is always orthotics to buy to resolve any feeling of discomfort when wearing sneakers . I removed the original insoles and inserted sports orthotics . Now these sneakers are always comfortable when I wear them casually.I do admire these sneakers for the classic , casual look .
 My wife loved these classic shoes that not only helped her with running and walking since she spends alot of time on her feet at work she enjoys the comfort of these shoes thank you for helping me help her stay happy on her feet .
 I have used Reebok Classic Nylon Sneakers for years and as long as they still make them , I will be using them .
 This shoe is comfortable and wears well . Reebok for women often runs narrow and this particular shoe seems to run short . A pair of this same exact style and size previously worn was a bit longer . Recommended for everyday wear . A good shoe .
 These are my wife 's favorite shoes for walking and jogging . She especially likes the toe shape which is n't as boxy and blunt as other styles and brands . They 're also very lightweight , cooler than leather and very washable , which is important living here in Hawaii , where we 're warm and damp most of the time .
 Unlike almost every person who reads this review or buys this style of Reebok , I am limited in my choices . Because of childhood polio , my feet are extremely small -LRB- 4.5-5 -RRB- and I wear braces on both feet . The Reebok Classic is the only shoe we have been able to find that has a solid bottom or sole . This allows my shoe repairman to add an inch lift to the bottom and a wedge . I am very fortunate that the times we live in are such that the sight of someone in the grocery store in `` sneakers '' is an unremarkable event . It also helps that I live in So . Calif. where casual dress is the standard . I am not really as pathetic as I sound , I actually own 3 pairs of the Classic Nylon Reebok , 1 pair of black leather extra depth shoes and a pair of light tan extra depth . That 's it !! I consider Sarah Jessica Parker to be a goddess .
 Have worn these shoes for over 20 years , and was so glad to find this pair online . I 've been using them after having surgery a couple of weeks ago , so am starting exercise slowly , but they give great support and comfort .
 I just ordered 2 pairs and I love these shoes . Very stylish with the dark black and white . They fit perfectly for me at my 6.5 size . They are comfortable out of the box and hold up really well . I throw them in the washer and they come out clean and bright.I use these shoes for walking and when I have a lot of errands . Never hurt your feet.Most athletic shoes are so unattractive and these are n't . I have been wearing these shows for a few years and would n't think of buying anything else .
 Have worn this style/brand for years and was pleased at the decent price . i will continue purchasing them as my feet are narrow , flat , and i have LONG toes . These are the most comfortable walking shoes ever and REEBOK is the best !
 Love the shoes . Hard to find this color . Fit great . Very comfortable . Light weight . Easy to wash as well . Will probably order it in another color .
 Have had several pair and I love these tennis shoes . Have worn them for years . They are getting harder to find but I will keep looking
 I love these shoes a LOT ! The shipping was super fast and the shoes are just GREAT !!! I do n't want to take them off , they 're so comfortable and very pretty . An added bonus
 This product was for my wife . She has tried otherbrands and styles , but this item is the only one thatshe is completely satisfied with . As long as this shoe isavailable , it is what she will buy . It is inexpensivecompared to others she has tried . Additionally , Amazonprovided the service of delivery as indicated in theon-line order showed . I am totally satisfied with thecomplete transaction with Amazon .
 I work in the healthcare field and work 10 hour days mostly on my feet ! I have tried all kinds and brands of sneakers but always end up with my reeboks . This kind keep my feet cool and have so much cushion my feet feel the same at the end of the day as they did at the begining . I love and recommend these for everyone . Because they are a lower price than most sneakers I could not find them in the stores so I ordered them online , great price so I bought 2 pairs !
 I like my shoes . the motivating factor here was the price but they fit well and are exactly what I expected . they arrived pretty quickly . I would purchase shoes from Amazon again .
 These shoes are very light weight and comfortable for running . Very good and soft for long days of wearing while traveling etc. .
 These shoes have tons of support and breathing room . I use them for running and I really like them !
 these are hard to find and glad you had them . I just love them.Thank You
 The shoes were just what I was looking for . Shipping time was really fast .
 I fell in love with Puma Gvvs the moment I saw them at the mall . Already owning two pairs of Puma Gvs -LRB- with shoelaces instead of velcro -RRB- , I could n't wait to get my hands on a pair of gvvs . They are ridiculously cute ; however , I have no idea why Puma only manufactures them as men 's shoes . I could never see a guy wearing these shoes.Anyway , I bought a pair from the puma website . I am typically a size 6 in women 's , but got a 5.5 in men 's which is a 7 in women 's -LRB- because they were all out of smaller sizes -RRB- . I was very happy with the way they look , except that they were too big for me . After a while though , the bottom of the shoes started yellowing . Of my two pairs of puma gvs , one yellowed and one has stayed white . I do n't know why puma makes shoes whose soles turn yellow ! It 's gross and I hate it ! So I would recommend purchasing these shoes in person . Feel the sole ; I 've found that the pairs that stay white are more plasticy and slightly glossyish . Besides turning yellow , they are great shoes !
 I love these shoes a LOT ! The shipping was super fast and the shoes are just GREAT !!! I do n't want to take them off , they 're so comfortable and very pretty . An added bonus
 This product was for my wife . She has tried otherbrands and styles , but this item is the only one thatshe is completely satisfied with . As long as this shoe isavailable , it is what she will buy . It is inexpensivecompared to others she has tried . Additionally , Amazonprovided the service of delivery as indicated in theon-line order showed . I am totally satisfied with thecomplete transaction with Amazon .
 I work in the healthcare field and work 10 hour days mostly on my feet ! I have tried all kinds and brands of sneakers but always end up with my reeboks . This kind keep my feet cool and have so much cushion my feet feel the same at the end of the day as they did at the begining . I love and recommend these for everyone . Because they are a lower price than most sneakers I could not find them in the stores so I ordered them online , great price so I bought 2 pairs !
 I like my shoes . the motivating factor here was the price but they fit well and are exactly what I expected . they arrived pretty quickly . I would purchase shoes from Amazon again .
 These shoes are very light weight and comfortable for running . Very good and soft for long days of wearing while traveling etc. .
 These shoes have tons of support and breathing room . I use them for running and I really like them !
 these are hard to find and glad you had them . I just love them.Thank You
 The shoes were just what I was looking for . Shipping time was really fast .
 These are my wife 's favorite shoes for walking and jogging . She especially likes the toe shape which is n't as boxy and blunt as other styles and brands . They 're also very lightweight , cooler than leather and very washable , which is important living here in Hawaii , where we 're warm and damp most of the time .
 Unlike almost every person who reads this review or buys this style of Reebok , I am limited in my choices . Because of childhood polio , my feet are extremely small -LRB- 4.5-5 -RRB- and I wear braces on both feet . The Reebok Classic is the only shoe we have been able to find that has a solid bottom or sole . This allows my shoe repairman to add an inch lift to the bottom and a wedge . I am very fortunate that the times we live in are such that the sight of someone in the grocery store in `` sneakers '' is an unremarkable event . It also helps that I live in So . Calif. where casual dress is the standard . I am not really as pathetic as I sound , I actually own 3 pairs of the Classic Nylon Reebok , 1 pair of black leather extra depth shoes and a pair of light tan extra depth . That 's it !! I consider Sarah Jessica Parker to be a goddess .
 Have worn these shoes for over 20 years , and was so glad to find this pair online . I 've been using them after having surgery a couple of weeks ago , so am starting exercise slowly , but they give great support and comfort .
 I just ordered 2 pairs and I love these shoes . Very stylish with the dark black and white . They fit perfectly for me at my 6.5 size . They are comfortable out of the box and hold up really well . I throw them in the washer and they come out clean and bright.I use these shoes for walking and when I have a lot of errands . Never hurt your feet.Most athletic shoes are so unattractive and these are n't . I have been wearing these shows for a few years and would n't think of buying anything else .
 Have worn this style/brand for years and was pleased at the decent price . i will continue purchasing them as my feet are narrow , flat , and i have LONG toes . These are the most comfortable walking shoes ever and REEBOK is the best !
 Love the shoes . Hard to find this color . Fit great . Very comfortable . Light weight . Easy to wash as well . Will probably order it in another color .
 Have had several pair and I love these tennis shoes . Have worn them for years . They are getting harder to find but I will keep looking
 THIS SNEAKERS ARE THE BEST OF THE BEST , SO COMFY , NEVER GO OUT OF STYLE AND YOU CAN WEAR THEM WITH ALMOST EVERYTHING.YOU REALLY GOT WHAT 'S SHOWN ON TH PIC.ALSO GOT THEM ON TIME AND IN EXCELLENT CONDITION .
 These were the same shoes I used to wear years ago . Same comfort as I remembered . Glad to have found these again .
 I love these sneakers . They are the only ones I wear . I have hammer toes and the soft nylon top is extremely comfortable
 These are my all-time favorite sneakers . They always fit just right and are more comfortable than any others I have owned .
 I had another pair of these several years ago and found them to be one of the most comfortable pair of shoes I have ever owned . I was so happy to find them again . However , I have to agree with some of the other reviewers here , this is a nice shoe but , they are not as comfortable as they use to be and seem to run just a bit more narrow . Perhaps you might want to think about buying them a half size larger than what you normally buy . Still a good buy though!Marcus Uniform is an outstanding company that ships very quickly . Will definitely order from them again .
 Okay , this review is for the pair that is BLACK & WHITE.Reebok makes these for men and women . My father has an OLD pair like this ! I do n't know how long he has had his pair , but his feel much more cushiony . He hardly wears his though.I bought my pair in 2008 . With the original insoles , mine are not comfortable enough because I can feel the impact of my feet hitting the ground when I wear them casually -LRB- walking here and there doing chores , running errands , etc -RRB- . Then again , I have had my pair since 2008 . I never wore these everyday though . Anyway , I am glad there is always orthotics to buy to resolve any feeling of discomfort when wearing sneakers . I removed the original insoles and inserted sports orthotics . Now these sneakers are always comfortable when I wear them casually.I do admire these sneakers for the classic , casual look .
 My wife loved these classic shoes that not only helped her with running and walking since she spends alot of time on her feet at work she enjoys the comfort of these shoes thank you for helping me help her stay happy on her feet .
 I have used Reebok Classic Nylon Sneakers for years and as long as they still make them , I will be using them .
 This shoe is comfortable and wears well . Reebok for women often runs narrow and this particular shoe seems to run short . A pair of this same exact style and size previously worn was a bit longer . Recommended for everyday wear . A good shoe .
 Very comfortable shoes with good arch support which is hard to find in department stores . Thank you and keep up the good work
 I cant get enough of this sneakers . I love them and how comfortable they are and i get compliments all the time . Would definitely recommend .
 This is the only sneaker I can wear that does not bother the arthritis in my feet . I have a hard time finding them except online .
 This is probably the 6th pair of these sneakers I have bought over the years because they fit well , the arch is very supportive , and it has just the right heel height so my feet feel comfortable all day in them !
 These are beautiful shoes at a great price . They also arrived very fast ! I am extremely happy with my purchase .
 these are the only sneakers that do not hurt arthritic bunions ... VERY highly recommend.No hard canvas or leather ... nylon that comforms to feet ... extremely comfortable ... I wear an 8.5 shoe but size 9 in this sneaker
 WOoooo this is the reebok that I was looking 4 . Until my boyfriend told me about AMAZON . . They are sooooo cute that I do n't wan na weared . . thank u sooooo much .
 I really like these tennis shoes . I have always worn them and could no longer find them in department stores . So , I went looking on the internet . These are the only tennis shoes I like for the summer time . This is the only shoe that are ready to wear , right out of the box . No need to break anything in ... they are perfect the moment you put them on . I love them !
 I am very happy with my purchase . I am wearing my brand new sneakers right now ! The size was what I ordered , and the picture does not give the sneakers justice . They look GREAT !! I received my purchase quickly . I like that ! I LOVE my sneakers and I will do business with this seller again !
 IT IS COMFORTABLE AND BLACK . IT IS OKAY . I WILL NOT SAY I AM IN LOVE WITH IT . I HAVE NOT OWNED A PAIR OF SNEAKERS IN OVER A DECADE AND I FEEL AS THOUGH I HAVE NOT MISSED OUT ON ANYTHING . NOT THRILLED AT ALL
 I fell in love with Puma Gvvs the moment I saw them at the mall . Already owning two pairs of Puma Gvs -LRB- with shoelaces instead of velcro -RRB- , I could n't wait to get my hands on a pair of gvvs . They are ridiculously cute ; however , I have no idea why Puma only manufactures them as men 's shoes . I could never see a guy wearing these shoes.Anyway , I bought a pair from the puma website . I am typically a size 6 in women 's , but got a 5.5 in men 's which is a 7 in women 's -LRB- because they were all out of smaller sizes -RRB- . I was very happy with the way they look , except that they were too big for me . After a while though , the bottom of the shoes started yellowing . Of my two pairs of puma gvs , one yellowed and one has stayed white . I do n't know why puma makes shoes whose soles turn yellow ! It 's gross and I hate it ! So I would recommend purchasing these shoes in person . Feel the sole ; I 've found that the pairs that stay white are more plasticy and slightly glossyish . Besides turning yellow , they are great shoes !
 Classic Vans . The style has n't changed in more than 10 years . I 've had mine for that long . I 've skated them for that long too . Super comfortable when they 're broken in and will last you for years . Vans for life .
 These shoes fit great and look cool . They were shipped on time and looked exactly as described . My son 's friends complimented him on his new shoes !
 Very happy with the way they feel on my feet , there is some foot support and they look good on me aswell , I will continue to buy more vans in the future
 i am very pleased with my product - it was a gift for my son who is an avid skate boarder and vans has b come 1 of his favorite shoes
 They feel comfortable and true to size . The black and white go with everything . I 'll be buying this same pair again .
 Looked all over and could not find these anywhere including the Vans outlet here locally . Arrived on time and fit great.Love my Vans !!!
 Bought these shoes for my teenage son.He loves them - still wearing them after two years.The great part of Vans is that the size is consistent around the world .
 I have always been . Big Vans fan . I never owned the classics but after buying them I love them . Really comfortable and are made much better than other company 's shoes that are made to look like vans .
 5 star all the way love vans . No abnormalitys to the show shipped fast great seller . No problems with product works great if you have wide feet as well .
 Classic Vans . The style has n't changed in more than 10 years . I 've had mine since 2002 I dont skate so much but I love the style , this shoes was a little bit bigger but it 's ok . . good choise VANS OLD SCHOOL
 Do you have a Vans Old Skool Black White 7D -LRB- M -RRB- US ? Could you tell me on my e-mail ? It 's thiagomizuki@yahoo.com.br
 These shoes are very comfy once worn in , and perfect for anything from walking to skateboarding . I would choose them over converse any day . They are also quite durable .
 This show is so comfortable and looks great with anything . Light weight with clean lines . No need to wear them in . They are instantly comfortable .
 Shoes are nice and durable like only vans are , however this classics are very harsh on your feet the first couple weeks
 These shoes are great for skating , the soles of the shoe have a nice flat bottom with thick rubber that gives a solid feel on the deck of the skateboard with padding on the inside . I skate ditches a few times a week and can usually get a few months out of a pair of these shoes before wearing holes in the soles of the shoes .
 I LOVE THESE VANS ! they look so sick and skate well , though not very durable considering the canvas.but packaging was great and was delivered sooner then expected ordered it monday and got it thurday.Great service awesome shoe
 I purchased these shoes to wear for special occasions . My last pair was eaten by my bosses dog . I live in Costa Rica these shoes are not sold anywhere here . In this climate rain , mud , sand , & mold can ruin shoes quickly here . These are perfect they look stylish & are extremely comfortable . I am happy with my purchase !
 My son is on pair four . He loves the comfort of this shoe . Oddly enough he needs a shoe horn to put them on but once on they are like a comfy glove . Sadly it looks like they are phasing out and the black and white ones are rare to find which are the only ones he 'll wear .
 These are the ONLY shoes I 've wanted this tear , and i found them here for the best price , after browsing the malls
 These really lengthen the look of legs , very sexy , make you taller . I got the brown ones for the versatility and love them . They 're tall enough to be uncomfortable after too long but are great for evenings out .
 I fell in love with Puma Gvvs the moment I saw them at the mall . Already owning two pairs of Puma Gvs -LRB- with shoelaces instead of velcro -RRB- , I could n't wait to get my hands on a pair of gvvs . They are ridiculously cute ; however , I have no idea why Puma only manufactures them as men 's shoes . I could never see a guy wearing these shoes.Anyway , I bought a pair from the puma website . I am typically a size 6 in women 's , but got a 5.5 in men 's which is a 7 in women 's -LRB- because they were all out of smaller sizes -RRB- . I was very happy with the way they look , except that they were too big for me . After a while though , the bottom of the shoes started yellowing . Of my two pairs of puma gvs , one yellowed and one has stayed white . I do n't know why puma makes shoes whose soles turn yellow ! It 's gross and I hate it ! So I would recommend purchasing these shoes in person . Feel the sole ; I 've found that the pairs that stay white are more plasticy and slightly glossyish . Besides turning yellow , they are great shoes !
 Classic Vans . The style has n't changed in more than 10 years . I 've had mine for that long . I 've skated them for that long too . Super comfortable when they 're broken in and will last you for years . Vans for life .
 These shoes fit great and look cool . They were shipped on time and looked exactly as described . My son 's friends complimented him on his new shoes !
 Very happy with the way they feel on my feet , there is some foot support and they look good on me aswell , I will continue to buy more vans in the future
 i am very pleased with my product - it was a gift for my son who is an avid skate boarder and vans has b come 1 of his favorite shoes
 They feel comfortable and true to size . The black and white go with everything . I 'll be buying this same pair again .
 Looked all over and could not find these anywhere including the Vans outlet here locally . Arrived on time and fit great.Love my Vans !!!
 Bought these shoes for my teenage son.He loves them - still wearing them after two years.The great part of Vans is that the size is consistent around the world .
 I have always been . Big Vans fan . I never owned the classics but after buying them I love them . Really comfortable and are made much better than other company 's shoes that are made to look like vans .
 5 star all the way love vans . No abnormalitys to the show shipped fast great seller . No problems with product works great if you have wide feet as well .
 Classic Vans . The style has n't changed in more than 10 years . I 've had mine since 2002 I dont skate so much but I love the style , this shoes was a little bit bigger but it 's ok . . good choise VANS OLD SCHOOL
 These shoes are very comfy once worn in , and perfect for anything from walking to skateboarding . I would choose them over converse any day . They are also quite durable .
 This show is so comfortable and looks great with anything . Light weight with clean lines . No need to wear them in . They are instantly comfortable .
 Shoes are nice and durable like only vans are , however this classics are very harsh on your feet the first couple weeks
 These shoes are great for skating , the soles of the shoe have a nice flat bottom with thick rubber that gives a solid feel on the deck of the skateboard with padding on the inside . I skate ditches a few times a week and can usually get a few months out of a pair of these shoes before wearing holes in the soles of the shoes .
 I LOVE THESE VANS ! they look so sick and skate well , though not very durable considering the canvas.but packaging was great and was delivered sooner then expected ordered it monday and got it thurday.Great service awesome shoe
 I purchased these shoes to wear for special occasions . My last pair was eaten by my bosses dog . I live in Costa Rica these shoes are not sold anywhere here . In this climate rain , mud , sand , & mold can ruin shoes quickly here . These are perfect they look stylish & are extremely comfortable . I am happy with my purchase !
 My son is on pair four . He loves the comfort of this shoe . Oddly enough he needs a shoe horn to put them on but once on they are like a comfy glove . Sadly it looks like they are phasing out and the black and white ones are rare to find which are the only ones he 'll wear .
 These are the ONLY shoes I 've wanted this tear , and i found them here for the best price , after browsing the malls
 Do you have a Vans Old Skool Black White 7D -LRB- M -RRB- US ? Could you tell me on my e-mail ? It 's thiagomizuki@yahoo.com.br
 Classic Vans . The style has n't changed in more than 10 years . I 've had mine for that long . I 've skated them for that long too . Super comfortable when they 're broken in and will last you for years . Vans for life .
 These shoes fit great and look cool . They were shipped on time and looked exactly as described . My son 's friends complimented him on his new shoes !
 Very happy with the way they feel on my feet , there is some foot support and they look good on me aswell , I will continue to buy more vans in the future
 They feel comfortable and true to size . The black and white go with everything . I 'll be buying this same pair again .
 Looked all over and could not find these anywhere including the Vans outlet here locally . Arrived on time and fit great.Love my Vans !!!
 Bought these shoes for my teenage son.He loves them - still wearing them after two years.The great part of Vans is that the size is consistent around the world .
 I have always been . Big Vans fan . I never owned the classics but after buying them I love them . Really comfortable and are made much better than other company 's shoes that are made to look like vans .
 5 star all the way love vans . No abnormalitys to the show shipped fast great seller . No problems with product works great if you have wide feet as well .
 Classic Vans . The style has n't changed in more than 10 years . I 've had mine since 2002 I dont skate so much but I love the style , this shoes was a little bit bigger but it 's ok . . good choise VANS OLD SCHOOL
 These shoes are very comfy once worn in , and perfect for anything from walking to skateboarding . I would choose them over converse any day . They are also quite durable .
 This show is so comfortable and looks great with anything . Light weight with clean lines . No need to wear them in . They are instantly comfortable .
 Shoes are nice and durable like only vans are , however this classics are very harsh on your feet the first couple weeks
 These shoes are great for skating , the soles of the shoe have a nice flat bottom with thick rubber that gives a solid feel on the deck of the skateboard with padding on the inside . I skate ditches a few times a week and can usually get a few months out of a pair of these shoes before wearing holes in the soles of the shoes .
 I LOVE THESE VANS ! they look so sick and skate well , though not very durable considering the canvas.but packaging was great and was delivered sooner then expected ordered it monday and got it thurday.Great service awesome shoe
 I purchased these shoes to wear for special occasions . My last pair was eaten by my bosses dog . I live in Costa Rica these shoes are not sold anywhere here . In this climate rain , mud , sand , & mold can ruin shoes quickly here . These are perfect they look stylish & are extremely comfortable . I am happy with my purchase !
 My son is on pair four . He loves the comfort of this shoe . Oddly enough he needs a shoe horn to put them on but once on they are like a comfy glove . Sadly it looks like they are phasing out and the black and white ones are rare to find which are the only ones he 'll wear .
 These are the ONLY shoes I 've wanted this tear , and i found them here for the best price , after browsing the malls
 Do you have a Vans Old Skool Black White 7D -LRB- M -RRB- US ? Could you tell me on my e-mail ? It 's thiagomizuki@yahoo.com.br
 i 've got really sensitive feet and i get blisters really easily , sometimes within 5mins of wearing a new pair of shoes . my quest for the comfortable ballet flat has ended here , after months of searching ! the heel is nice and soft but there 's still sufficient support here -LRB- for me that is . for those of you out there with back problems , it might not be sufficient -RRB- . i got them in the gold , which is a gorgeous pale lame , and am currently lusting over the black : -RRB-
 I bought these because I needed some basic black flats that I could wear often . The great thing is they did n't need to be broken in , and they were comfortable as soon as I started wearing them , since the leather is really soft . But , this also means it is more prone to scratches and scuff marks , so be careful when wearing them -LRB- mine have small rough patches at the toes just after wearing them 2-3 times , but I walk a lot -RRB- . They 're really comfortable to wear throughout the day , but not too breathable , so wear some shoe liners with them . Overall , I really like Steve Madden shoes and these were a great buy .
 I ordered 1/2 a size larger than what I normally wear , they are very comfortable , but I could have ordered them in my normal size . Very nice looking .
 I received these shoes just a few days after I had ordered them . They were a Christmas present for my Mother , & she loved them . I already had a pair of them & loved the comfortable fit . It is very hard to find a pair of shoes in size 12 , which is the size that we both wear , that look and feel as good as these do .
 These shoes are quite comfortable , they have in built in support and the leather breathes.One little problem was the soles starting to come unstuck on the front after wearing a couple of times , but I will stick this down with leather glue.I will definitely buy these again.I would also recommend to others seeking a quality leather shoe .
 I really like the looks of this shoe . It 's a shoe you can dress up or down . My foot runs pretty true to size -LRB- 8M -RRB- but right shoe wasa bit tight but not enough to return . Maybe my right foot is a little larger than the left ? Who knows . But overall , a great shoe .
 Ladies , throw your ballet flats out ! -LRB- unless they are real leather -RRB- These shoes are way more professional , comfortable , and look great on the casual foot too . Even my girlfriends that swear by pumps dig the look of these shoes . The leather has held up well so far . At first , I ordered these in a wide , but it seemed to be wide in the arch , rather than the ball of the foot , which is what I wanted . I exchanged for the normal size , and they work just fine anyway , they 've conformed to my foot nicely . Recently , my uncle mentioned he had a pair just like them years ago , which I thought added a nice vintage / androgynous charm . Enjoy !
 First time buying shoes online . Great experience . Was very appreciative of the many positive reviews IRead . Shoes seem to be of very good quality . So far feel wonderful when I wear them , which is frequently.I think I ' be buying other colors
 this shoe is just the right color and fits wellthey were made in brazil , but now of course made in china
 I already this same shoe in four different colors and have been very pleased with each pair . The fit is excellent and the each pair has lasted several years .
 I love this shoe , not the least of which because of the great range of sizes it comes in . I am an E or 2E width , and finding non-disgusting shoes is n't exactly easy . These look nice and despite their very low heels , they are pretty fashionable . I was also very happy to see that they are made in Brazil , because I 'd prefer to buy shoes made outside of China.I bought the size 7.5 EE , and they arrived in no time flat . They looked even nicer than the photo , although I ca n't understand the `` two tone effect '' comment in the top screen . These are black , shiny , nicely woven and are very nice for either work or play . I was delighted . The shoes are very lightweight , a bonus for travel or those days when you 're on your feet for many hours . I was very happy when wearing these shoes ... Until I wore them for a while . The shoes were very wide everywhere except for the vamp . This part is a bit too narrow , which does n't happen in any of my other shoes . I think that the company made the decision to make the shoes look better from the outside , while sacrificing comfort for the wearer . In theory , the wearer will live with less comfort because the shoes look so good.And they were right I wore these for the day today and have pinched and sore feet . But they looked marvelous ! I 'd much rather have shoes where I do ` nt have to choose between comfort and style.I 'd like to win the lottery as well , and both are just about as likely to happen .
 I have been wearing this shoe for years . I have it in red , black and navy . I 'm replacing the navy pair while online . I have a narrow heel and this shoe fits perfectly . I try other shoes and my heel slips in and out as I walk but not in the Trotters Liz . This shoe goes perfectly with casual skirts , pants , jeans or just about any outfit that a flat shoe works with . I wear this shoe daily and it 's a main staple in my wardrobe . It 's comfortable , the woven leather breathes in hot weather . Great shoe .
 I love this shoe and have purchased in the past . True to size and extremely comfortable . First time I wore them was for an all-day flight and evening appointment ... they felt like `` broken-in shoes '' and are wonderful . HOWEVER , I do not feel the PEWTER color is correctly represented in this shoe . I think pewter should be more of a dull silver shade . These shoes are definitely more GOLD leaning towards bronze .
 The item came sooner than expected in excellant condition . I have purchased this shoe 3 times before so I knew I was getting a fine shoe at a decent price . Just be aware that the steele shank in this shoe will set off the metal detecter at the airport . No big deal just know you have to remove your shoes . Small price to pay for a comfortable shoe that has support as well . I have a bunion and the shoe comforms to my foot and feels great . Will definitely purchase again .
 I own this shoe in two colors . I have a wide foot and could n't believe how well the shoe fit right out of the box . I would definately recommend this shoe for anyone who has had problems finding a comfortable shoe to wear to work or on weekends . It 's stylish and most importantly , very comfortable !
 I have the Liz Trotters in 4 colors , have enjoyed them for a long time . Will buy them again .
 The shoes are good and fulfilled my expectations . However , they have an unpleasant , acrid , chemically smell but that seems to be going away with wear . They felt a little bigger than 5.5 but that was solved with an insole . Overall , I 'm very happy that I finally found what I was looking for .
 Was looking for a comfortable shoe to stand in . Although it is too wide I did order the narrower size
 Love these shoes ! SOOO comfortable . I could wear with complete comfort day one . glad these come in wide , wide feet people don ' t have to settle for ugly shoes . Thanks to Trotters !
 These shoes are so stylish and comfortable . They go with any skirt or housedress . It was so easy to find them online and the order was received promptly . I love these shoes ! I have them in brown , black and navy !
 These shoes are just as advertised . They fit a bit snug at first but the more I wear them the better they feel to me . I love the way they look and wear . They can be dressed up or down , with or without jeans . I wear them dressy and casually . Thanks for this great product , I 'm completely happy with and with name of `` Liz '' I knew they would be a great buy . Thanks again .
 Looked all over last year for Wide red shoes and finally found some and they 're GREAT . REALLY LOVE THEM ! They look good and feel even better .
 I ordered my usual size and they fit perfectly . Very comfortable , the color is exactly what I expected , and the price was great .
 It was simple to order , they arrived on time , and I did n't have to go to any trouble.Plus , I really love these shoes and I ca n't find them in San Antonio .
 Bought for mother-in-law and she loves them . The fit is great , she wears a 9AA and the price was right . Thanks
 The shoe arrived on time and as described . Unfortunately it did n't fit my foot as I had hoped it would but it was n't the shoes fault . I can still wear them but not if I 'm going to be doing a lot of walking . Shipping and quality however was top notch . I would buy from this seller again .
 Many to pick from.Never had so many narrow choices liked the Robert zur too they are sooo softAnd comfy
 Great shoes.Love them . Need more flats now since I 'm trying to get away from wearing heels to work every day
 Bought these shoes years ago and was looking for another pair . So happy to find and bought another pair . True to size and width . Well made and would definitely recommend .
 Trotters are alway a great brand of shoes . These fit well and are very comfortable . I have three pair all in different colors .
 I purchased the wide width , which was a mistake on my part . These loafers do run true to size . I 've had to purchase wide widths in the past , but in this case , I tried them on and they were too wide . However , I liked the make and style of the shoe , that I purchased the same shoe except in a medium width . I 'll update when I receive those.With the return process ... absolutely non-stressful . I have to admire that about Amazon . They seem to make it very easy to return items . I very much appreciate that.Thank you .
 I was delighted to receive my Navy Loafers by Trotters . They are comfortable and sleek . I had searched many stores in my area and navy loafers were never available . I would strongly recommend them to anyone .
 I love them . They were comfortable the first time i put them on and fit my foot very well , in spite of foot surgeries I 've had !
 Consumer reviews on Amazon and Zappos convinced me to try this brand . I had been searching for a brand I wore for years , 3 in fact , all with all leather soles , and all leather uppers ... they are not made any more but mine have lasted for a long time , and my cobbler loves me ! Now I found the Trotter Liz shoe.To give you a hint of what I deal with I have a high arch , high instep , and one foot is a size wider than the other and a 1/2 size shorter -LRB- polio did that -RRB- . So , I have always bought very good shoes , but even those `` very good shoes '' could `` KILL '' me at times . This size is a bit too long , and wide for me , but ... I 'm not letting either pair go ! This navy is a very dark navy but it really shows `` its ' color '' when paired with greens , white , and Khakis.Fast forward to now - I love this shoe ! I have this in navy and a caramel brown color - and have compliments on them all the time . I read one woman 's comment someplace saying she had one in every color and know I know why - it 's a comfortable , attractive , and stable shoe that can be worn all day . I hope Amazon let 's us know when each one goes on sale and I am still afraid of trying the other styles so I never face disappointment in Trotters .
 I was very pleased with the shoes . They were just the right width and length . I have trouble finding shoes to fit and these fit the bill .
 I received these shoes today 9-20-12 . The shoes are great . They came in a damaged box . The box inside that the shoes were in was also damaged . The tissue paper was out of the box and the paper that is usually in the toe of the shoes was out laying in the box . They looked like something that came back as a customer return and was not fixed properly to resell.Bonnie DiNardo
 Just purchased my second pair , although the first pair still has a lot of life left in them . Seriously , they seem to last forever and they 're great walking shoes .
 A really great shoe good fit and looks good wellmade and feels good on and good weight looks smart
 I have been wearing this style for several years . I keep 3 colors all the time to coordinate with my clothing . I seem to wear the navy color a lot and this is my third pair . Very comfortable . The woven leather makes for easy break in time - and these do need a little break in time . But one day would do it . Conform to your foot easily . The woven leather is lined , so they do not leak .
 These are my favorite shoes . I now have 3 pairs . They have moderate support and are very comfortable . I wear them with slacks and skirts and they look fine with either . I do n't wear heals very much any more since I discovered these .
 These shoes were comfortable right out of the box . They look nice with a pair of dress pants or your favorite jeans .
 Very comfortable , true to size . I have never used Amazon to order this shoe in the past ... always used a catalog ... but delivery was prompt , shoes were in perfect condition . Will be ordering the brown-cognac Liz loafer in the future from none other than Amazon .
 My order arrived quickly and in good shape . These shoes fit perfectly and are so comfortable . May be worn casual or for dress . I love Trotters Liz Loafers !
 Shoes in this size and colour are hard to find . This vendor got me exactly what a wanted , just a little bit faster than promised . I 'm very happy .
 the shoes came quickly and were very nice looking . they were wide like was ordered . in the past i have ordered wide shoes and they have not been wide enough . however these were wide and i like them a lot . shirlee larotonda
 I really like this shoe , especially since it comes in a wide width which is difficult to find in a quality shoe . They are very comfortable and stylish . Only suggestion that would make it more comfortable for me would be to have a less pointed toe .
 I have been wearing Liz Trotters for a few years and love them.I have three different colors and wanted to add Navy to my selection.I ordered Navy but received black . I did not send them back as my own black pair are kind of wearing out and I will keep these to replace them some time in the future . The order was for Navy , the box said navy but the shoes were black .
 These shoes are so comfortable ! I could put them on right out of the box and they were great . I would definitely buy another pair . This is my 3rd pair of Trotters and I 'll continue to purchase them .
 Am updating my post of May . Still enjoying my FIVE pairs of these shoes . Red , pink , brown and lilac are still pretty and comfy . I did buy the turqoise shoe - its VERY bright and a slightly ` off ' color - does n't work so well with my turqoise jewelry or clothes . Still a great shoe but I 'd advise looking carefully at the color to make sure its what you want . It really is as bright as it looks online ! Seems reasonably true to size - not a perfect fit for me but wearing them for just a little while adjusted the fit and its better now . LOVED the new colors - have them in lilac , pink , brown and red - nicely tailored shoe for tailored outfits . Good value for the money !
 I already had a pair of these , and wore them out . Loved the feel and look so much I had to buy a replacement
 These shoes are comfortable to wear all day . The sizing is really great , true to description . With a bit wider foot it is great to find a pair that really works . This is my second pair .
 This classic never gets old ... Dressy or casual , it fills the bill for comfort and style . Quality construction and leather . The red color is outstanding
 Love these shoes . I only rated them with four stars because they do n'thave great longevity and wear out rather quickly.Have owned many pairs of them over the years . They go with everything .
 They fit great and are totally comfortable , and I 'm sure it 's because the weave has a little `` give and take '' with your foot . And they look great with casual skirts and dresses or with dressy pants . BUY THESE SHOES!j .
 Definitely worth the money as I found that most shoe stores only carry the narrow and medium size shoes . Having a shoe that is available in both wide and extra wide is very helpful in that I can buy a shoe that does n't pinch my feet . I also buy the extra wide so I can wear light socks in the winter time . Very nice product and I will possibly be purchasing more of them . I bought the black and light brown and am very satisfied with both .
 Trotter 's are one of the best shoes out there for folks like me with narrow feet . I am so thankful they continue to give good quality , good value footwear to those of us who ca n't just walk into a store and buy any shoe . Thanks !!
 I have ordered this style before i different colors . This is about my third pair . Is roomy , comfortable without being loose . I would n't wear it to walk in all day on concrete but perfect for the office and some standing/walking .
 The Sizing was perfect . It 's a classic shoe and very comfortable and stylish . I might buy it in another color .
 I discovered these shoes at a local store that sells Narrow sizes . The store has since closed . So excited to find them on Amazon . This was my 5th pair . Dressy enough for dresses & skirts but casual enough for pants . On this particular pair , one of the shoes is not narrow enough in the heel . Installed a heel cushion to take up the extra room . Will still continue to purchase these . The price is a whole lot less than other web sites .
 I fell in love with Puma Gvvs the moment I saw them at the mall . Already owning two pairs of Puma Gvs -LRB- with shoelaces instead of velcro -RRB- , I could n't wait to get my hands on a pair of gvvs . They are ridiculously cute ; however , I have no idea why Puma only manufactures them as men 's shoes . I could never see a guy wearing these shoes.Anyway , I bought a pair from the puma website . I am typically a size 6 in women 's , but got a 5.5 in men 's which is a 7 in women 's -LRB- because they were all out of smaller sizes -RRB- . I was very happy with the way they look , except that they were too big for me . After a while though , the bottom of the shoes started yellowing . Of my two pairs of puma gvs , one yellowed and one has stayed white . I do n't know why puma makes shoes whose soles turn yellow ! It 's gross and I hate it ! So I would recommend purchasing these shoes in person . Feel the sole ; I 've found that the pairs that stay white are more plasticy and slightly glossyish . Besides turning yellow , they are great shoes !
 I fell in love with Puma Gvvs the moment I saw them at the mall . Already owning two pairs of Puma Gvs -LRB- with shoelaces instead of velcro -RRB- , I could n't wait to get my hands on a pair of gvvs . They are ridiculously cute ; however , I have no idea why Puma only manufactures them as men 's shoes . I could never see a guy wearing these shoes.Anyway , I bought a pair from the puma website . I am typically a size 6 in women 's , but got a 5.5 in men 's which is a 7 in women 's -LRB- because they were all out of smaller sizes -RRB- . I was very happy with the way they look , except that they were too big for me . After a while though , the bottom of the shoes started yellowing . Of my two pairs of puma gvs , one yellowed and one has stayed white . I do n't know why puma makes shoes whose soles turn yellow ! It 's gross and I hate it ! So I would recommend purchasing these shoes in person . Feel the sole ; I 've found that the pairs that stay white are more plasticy and slightly glossyish . Besides turning yellow , they are great shoes !
 Classic Vans . The style has n't changed in more than 10 years . I 've had mine for that long . I 've skated them for that long too . Super comfortable when they 're broken in and will last you for years . Vans for life .
 These shoes fit great and look cool . They were shipped on time and looked exactly as described . My son 's friends complimented him on his new shoes !
 Very happy with the way they feel on my feet , there is some foot support and they look good on me aswell , I will continue to buy more vans in the future
 i am very pleased with my product - it was a gift for my son who is an avid skate boarder and vans has b come 1 of his favorite shoes
 They feel comfortable and true to size . The black and white go with everything . I 'll be buying this same pair again .
 Looked all over and could not find these anywhere including the Vans outlet here locally . Arrived on time and fit great.Love my Vans !!!
 Bought these shoes for my teenage son.He loves them - still wearing them after two years.The great part of Vans is that the size is consistent around the world .
 I have always been . Big Vans fan . I never owned the classics but after buying them I love them . Really comfortable and are made much better than other company 's shoes that are made to look like vans .
 5 star all the way love vans . No abnormalitys to the show shipped fast great seller . No problems with product works great if you have wide feet as well .
 Classic Vans . The style has n't changed in more than 10 years . I 've had mine since 2002 I dont skate so much but I love the style , this shoes was a little bit bigger but it 's ok . . good choise VANS OLD SCHOOL
 Do you have a Vans Old Skool Black White 7D -LRB- M -RRB- US ? Could you tell me on my e-mail ? It 's thiagomizuki@yahoo.com.br
 These shoes are very comfy once worn in , and perfect for anything from walking to skateboarding . I would choose them over converse any day . They are also quite durable .
 This show is so comfortable and looks great with anything . Light weight with clean lines . No need to wear them in . They are instantly comfortable .
 Shoes are nice and durable like only vans are , however this classics are very harsh on your feet the first couple weeks
 These shoes are great for skating , the soles of the shoe have a nice flat bottom with thick rubber that gives a solid feel on the deck of the skateboard with padding on the inside . I skate ditches a few times a week and can usually get a few months out of a pair of these shoes before wearing holes in the soles of the shoes .
 I LOVE THESE VANS ! they look so sick and skate well , though not very durable considering the canvas.but packaging was great and was delivered sooner then expected ordered it monday and got it thurday.Great service awesome shoe
 I purchased these shoes to wear for special occasions . My last pair was eaten by my bosses dog . I live in Costa Rica these shoes are not sold anywhere here . In this climate rain , mud , sand , & mold can ruin shoes quickly here . These are perfect they look stylish & are extremely comfortable . I am happy with my purchase !
 My son is on pair four . He loves the comfort of this shoe . Oddly enough he needs a shoe horn to put them on but once on they are like a comfy glove . Sadly it looks like they are phasing out and the black and white ones are rare to find which are the only ones he 'll wear .
 These are the ONLY shoes I 've wanted this tear , and i found them here for the best price , after browsing the malls
 This shoe is comfortable to wear and play soccer for over an hour.Some can find the space at the tip too much but I do n't mind it .
 Classic Vans . The style has n't changed in more than 10 years . I 've had mine for that long . I 've skated them for that long too . Super comfortable when they 're broken in and will last you for years . Vans for life .
 These shoes fit great and look cool . They were shipped on time and looked exactly as described . My son 's friends complimented him on his new shoes !
 Very happy with the way they feel on my feet , there is some foot support and they look good on me aswell , I will continue to buy more vans in the future
 i am very pleased with my product - it was a gift for my son who is an avid skate boarder and vans has b come 1 of his favorite shoes
 They feel comfortable and true to size . The black and white go with everything . I 'll be buying this same pair again .
 Looked all over and could not find these anywhere including the Vans outlet here locally . Arrived on time and fit great.Love my Vans !!!
 Bought these shoes for my teenage son.He loves them - still wearing them after two years.The great part of Vans is that the size is consistent around the world .
 I have always been . Big Vans fan . I never owned the classics but after buying them I love them . Really comfortable and are made much better than other company 's shoes that are made to look like vans .
 5 star all the way love vans . No abnormalitys to the show shipped fast great seller . No problems with product works great if you have wide feet as well .
 Classic Vans . The style has n't changed in more than 10 years . I 've had mine since 2002 I dont skate so much but I love the style , this shoes was a little bit bigger but it 's ok . . good choise VANS OLD SCHOOL
 These shoes are very comfy once worn in , and perfect for anything from walking to skateboarding . I would choose them over converse any day . They are also quite durable .
 This show is so comfortable and looks great with anything . Light weight with clean lines . No need to wear them in . They are instantly comfortable .
 Shoes are nice and durable like only vans are , however this classics are very harsh on your feet the first couple weeks
 These shoes are great for skating , the soles of the shoe have a nice flat bottom with thick rubber that gives a solid feel on the deck of the skateboard with padding on the inside . I skate ditches a few times a week and can usually get a few months out of a pair of these shoes before wearing holes in the soles of the shoes .
 I LOVE THESE VANS ! they look so sick and skate well , though not very durable considering the canvas.but packaging was great and was delivered sooner then expected ordered it monday and got it thurday.Great service awesome shoe
 I purchased these shoes to wear for special occasions . My last pair was eaten by my bosses dog . I live in Costa Rica these shoes are not sold anywhere here . In this climate rain , mud , sand , & mold can ruin shoes quickly here . These are perfect they look stylish & are extremely comfortable . I am happy with my purchase !
 My son is on pair four . He loves the comfort of this shoe . Oddly enough he needs a shoe horn to put them on but once on they are like a comfy glove . Sadly it looks like they are phasing out and the black and white ones are rare to find which are the only ones he 'll wear .
 These are the ONLY shoes I 've wanted this tear , and i found them here for the best price , after browsing the malls
 Do you have a Vans Old Skool Black White 7D -LRB- M -RRB- US ? Could you tell me on my e-mail ? It 's thiagomizuki@yahoo.com.br
 This shoe is like made for my feet . It 's comfortable and it 's the right fit . . Great product !!!
 Just got these . Top is very ventilated ; I can see my sock design . Normal cushioned heel & forefoot . Like wearing nothing at all . REFLECTORS galore ! Had to go 1/2 size up , this design seems to be 1/s size smaller than normal NB .
 I bought this for a gift and the receiver was extremely pleased with the quality , comfort of the fit of this shoe , liked the color and fabricsaid OH I can wear this with many styles of clothes as it is sporty and sort of calssy at the same time . I was pleased that I could get such a good quality product for this price .
 These shoes are very comfy once worn in , and perfect for anything from walking to skateboarding . I would choose them over converse any day . They are also quite durable .
 This show is so comfortable and looks great with anything . Light weight with clean lines . No need to wear them in . They are instantly comfortable .
 Shoes are nice and durable like only vans are , however this classics are very harsh on your feet the first couple weeks
 These shoes are great for skating , the soles of the shoe have a nice flat bottom with thick rubber that gives a solid feel on the deck of the skateboard with padding on the inside . I skate ditches a few times a week and can usually get a few months out of a pair of these shoes before wearing holes in the soles of the shoes .
 I LOVE THESE VANS ! they look so sick and skate well , though not very durable considering the canvas.but packaging was great and was delivered sooner then expected ordered it monday and got it thurday.Great service awesome shoe
 I purchased these shoes to wear for special occasions . My last pair was eaten by my bosses dog . I live in Costa Rica these shoes are not sold anywhere here . In this climate rain , mud , sand , & mold can ruin shoes quickly here . These are perfect they look stylish & are extremely comfortable . I am happy with my purchase !
 My son is on pair four . He loves the comfort of this shoe . Oddly enough he needs a shoe horn to put them on but once on they are like a comfy glove . Sadly it looks like they are phasing out and the black and white ones are rare to find which are the only ones he 'll wear .
 These are the ONLY shoes I 've wanted this tear , and i found them here for the best price , after browsing the malls
 Do you have a Vans Old Skool Black White 7D -LRB- M -RRB- US ? Could you tell me on my e-mail ? It 's thiagomizuki@yahoo.com.br
 Classic Vans . The style has n't changed in more than 10 years . I 've had mine for that long . I 've skated them for that long too . Super comfortable when they 're broken in and will last you for years . Vans for life .
 These shoes fit great and look cool . They were shipped on time and looked exactly as described . My son 's friends complimented him on his new shoes !
 Very happy with the way they feel on my feet , there is some foot support and they look good on me aswell , I will continue to buy more vans in the future
 i am very pleased with my product - it was a gift for my son who is an avid skate boarder and vans has b come 1 of his favorite shoes
 They feel comfortable and true to size . The black and white go with everything . I 'll be buying this same pair again .
 Looked all over and could not find these anywhere including the Vans outlet here locally . Arrived on time and fit great.Love my Vans !!!
 Bought these shoes for my teenage son.He loves them - still wearing them after two years.The great part of Vans is that the size is consistent around the world .
 I have always been . Big Vans fan . I never owned the classics but after buying them I love them . Really comfortable and are made much better than other company 's shoes that are made to look like vans .
 5 star all the way love vans . No abnormalitys to the show shipped fast great seller . No problems with product works great if you have wide feet as well .
 Classic Vans . The style has n't changed in more than 10 years . I 've had mine since 2002 I dont skate so much but I love the style , this shoes was a little bit bigger but it 's ok . . good choise VANS OLD SCHOOL
 I must say that Adidas is a great brand and the styles they offer are excellent . This shoe is very comfortable and goes well with almost any outfit with similar color schemes .
 I fell in love with Puma Gvvs the moment I saw them at the mall . Already owning two pairs of Puma Gvs -LRB- with shoelaces instead of velcro -RRB- , I could n't wait to get my hands on a pair of gvvs . They are ridiculously cute ; however , I have no idea why Puma only manufactures them as men 's shoes . I could never see a guy wearing these shoes.Anyway , I bought a pair from the puma website . I am typically a size 6 in women 's , but got a 5.5 in men 's which is a 7 in women 's -LRB- because they were all out of smaller sizes -RRB- . I was very happy with the way they look , except that they were too big for me . After a while though , the bottom of the shoes started yellowing . Of my two pairs of puma gvs , one yellowed and one has stayed white . I do n't know why puma makes shoes whose soles turn yellow ! It 's gross and I hate it ! So I would recommend purchasing these shoes in person . Feel the sole ; I 've found that the pairs that stay white are more plasticy and slightly glossyish . Besides turning yellow , they are great shoes !
 I love the new reebok shoes but they should make them for women also . Because they are wonderful they feel good when you were them . The reason I gave the shoes 4 stars is because they do n't make them for women becuse most women play sports like
 This shoe is so comfortable and got to be one of the best running and basketball shoe . Plus your getting official Iverson shoes!Great shoe !
 this shoe is the best anything shoe it is casual , basketball , and running . But best of all it is an Iverson shoe and you ca n't not have one of these.BUY NOW !!!!!
 I fell in love with Puma Gvvs the moment I saw them at the mall . Already owning two pairs of Puma Gvs -LRB- with shoelaces instead of velcro -RRB- , I could n't wait to get my hands on a pair of gvvs . They are ridiculously cute ; however , I have no idea why Puma only manufactures them as men 's shoes . I could never see a guy wearing these shoes.Anyway , I bought a pair from the puma website . I am typically a size 6 in women 's , but got a 5.5 in men 's which is a 7 in women 's -LRB- because they were all out of smaller sizes -RRB- . I was very happy with the way they look , except that they were too big for me . After a while though , the bottom of the shoes started yellowing . Of my two pairs of puma gvs , one yellowed and one has stayed white . I do n't know why puma makes shoes whose soles turn yellow ! It 's gross and I hate it ! So I would recommend purchasing these shoes in person . Feel the sole ; I 've found that the pairs that stay white are more plasticy and slightly glossyish . Besides turning yellow , they are great shoes !
 I 've been wearing this shoe for years . It has always been very comfortable and long-wearing .
 I 've been wearing this shoe for years . It has always been very comfortable and long-wearing .
 I purchased this cleats for the purpose of playing ultimate frisbee . They have been extremely good too me so far . After the one blister went away they have been nothing but amazing . I would recommend these cleats for most glass related sports that may require cleats .
 I 've been wearing this shoe for years . It has always been very comfortable and long-wearing .
 I 've been wearing this shoe for years . It has always been very comfortable and long-wearing .
 I fell in love with Puma Gvvs the moment I saw them at the mall . Already owning two pairs of Puma Gvs -LRB- with shoelaces instead of velcro -RRB- , I could n't wait to get my hands on a pair of gvvs . They are ridiculously cute ; however , I have no idea why Puma only manufactures them as men 's shoes . I could never see a guy wearing these shoes.Anyway , I bought a pair from the puma website . I am typically a size 6 in women 's , but got a 5.5 in men 's which is a 7 in women 's -LRB- because they were all out of smaller sizes -RRB- . I was very happy with the way they look , except that they were too big for me . After a while though , the bottom of the shoes started yellowing . Of my two pairs of puma gvs , one yellowed and one has stayed white . I do n't know why puma makes shoes whose soles turn yellow ! It 's gross and I hate it ! So I would recommend purchasing these shoes in person . Feel the sole ; I 've found that the pairs that stay white are more plasticy and slightly glossyish . Besides turning yellow , they are great shoes !
 I fell in love with Puma Gvvs the moment I saw them at the mall . Already owning two pairs of Puma Gvs -LRB- with shoelaces instead of velcro -RRB- , I could n't wait to get my hands on a pair of gvvs . They are ridiculously cute ; however , I have no idea why Puma only manufactures them as men 's shoes . I could never see a guy wearing these shoes.Anyway , I bought a pair from the puma website . I am typically a size 6 in women 's , but got a 5.5 in men 's which is a 7 in women 's -LRB- because they were all out of smaller sizes -RRB- . I was very happy with the way they look , except that they were too big for me . After a while though , the bottom of the shoes started yellowing . Of my two pairs of puma gvs , one yellowed and one has stayed white . I do n't know why puma makes shoes whose soles turn yellow ! It 's gross and I hate it ! So I would recommend purchasing these shoes in person . Feel the sole ; I 've found that the pairs that stay white are more plasticy and slightly glossyish . Besides turning yellow , they are great shoes !
 Naturalizer are my favorite shoes . Always comfortable right from the get go . The sandals are great . Nice to have shoes to come in Wide sizes also .
 I recommend these shoes ! They are very comfortable and the leather is like butter ! The longer you were them , the more comfortable they become . I am a big fan of Naturalizer and this pair did not let me down !
 I 've been wearing this shoe for years . It has always been very comfortable and long-wearing .
 These have to be the sexiest shoes I have ever seen . You should get them now . As an avid soccer player I 've been looking for a good pair of shoes which have the right mix of style and support , and I would say that these would have to be them . They may cost alot but believe me , they 're worth it .
 great shoes , very comfortable , fantastic design , very good quality . I am very pleased with these shoes . i can therefore recomend them to anybody who likes tommy hilfiger apparels .
 I 've been wearing this shoe for years . It has always been very comfortable and long-wearing .
 I 've been wearing this shoe for years . It has always been very comfortable and long-wearing .
 I know this is n't the most helpful review but I would justlike to concur with the other reviews . I have had these bootsfor a year now and except for a few scuffs , they still are ingreat condition .
 Wore these in the Air Force for about nine years . Tried a different boot this last go around and quickly realized my mistake . I love Corcoran boots and am glad I am wearing them again . I would highly recommend them as they are comfortable , secure and last a good amount of time with regular polishing .
 I have worn these boots for over 20 years and my brother a little over 25 years . We both would not be caught dead with out them . While they do wear down - eventually - they are always reliable . One pair last me through 3 cruises and I was still able to make them inspection ready.Right now I have the same Corcoran jump boots on that I have been wearing for 3 years , and except for some slight scuffing they still shine up better than most of the dress shoes men wear in the office . And I wear them everywhere work , church , out on the town , down by the lake , fixing the car , it does not matter , just hose off the dirt slap some polish on them and your ready to go . Polish and a little elbow grease is a lot cheaper than a new pair of shoes.While having shoes that look nice can be important . I like knowing that I have a pair of boots/shoes on that can take just about anything I can throw at them . And these fit that bill , in spades.The only down side is after several years of continuous wear the sole may separate , especially around the heel . -LRB- The top half of the sole is sewn to the boot the heel is not -RRB- But , do n't worry , use a liberal amount of super glue and your back in business.If your on the fence because of cost . Just pick them up in the end you will save money considering that these boots stay wearable for so long .
 I have owned four pairs of these boots , and they have collectively lasted me about four and a half years . I wear Corcoran 10 '' field boots just about 13 days out of every 14 . This includes wear during heavy labor such as working in a diesel boat shop , running , hiking , shooting , and hundreds of miles ' worth of walking.You will definitely get your money 's worth out of these boots . They are incredibly comfortable after a week of wear , give good support while carrying weight , are easy to lace and tie , are good for protecting your feet , and just look awesome . They are miles above and beyond cheaper work shoes or work boots from Walmart or Farm and Fleet , and will outlast by several lifetimes similar footwear which is less well made.My sole complaint about these boots is that they do not last forever . Mine always form -LRB- after about a year -RRB- cracks between the double stitched toe and the bottom two eyelets . I have never had the sole , toe , or upper wear through . However , this should not come as a surprise , as any footwear is guaranteed to wear out over time .
 Boots fit perfectly when using boot liner/sock combination . Very soft leather , break in time was just a few days . If you want a pair of boots that are solidly made that you can wear anytime , this is the pair you need to get . I purchased these originally for use when I ride my motorcycle , but have since found I can wear them anytime . These are definitely the best , most comfortable boots I have ever owned . I have even ordered a pair of the Brown boots and look forward to getting them delivered some time next week . Highly recommended !!
 Just wanted to write something about these great boots . I 'm a veteran and wore these exact boots for over five years while on active duty in the states and overseas . I served 94-99 , Fort Hood , TX -LRB- 11M -RRB- 1st Cavalry Division and at Camp Casey Korea , South Korea -2 nd Infantry Division.For those that do not know what my job was by my military description , I was in a Mechanized Infantry unit . From the clay mud in Fort Hood to the mountain hills of South Korea , these boots my friends are the real deal . I especially like the field boot model , because you have traction unlike the `` garrison '' type boots that are more for parade . Even after being drug through the elements , take them home and let them dry , slap some Kiwi on them and then spit shine the heals and toe of the boot and you are good to go for a day in `` garrison '' . I have n't worn these boots for over ten years . I 've recently changed carriers and now I 'm wearing them again . These have to be the most comfortable boots I 've worn right out of the box . I enjoy the DRYZ and Cambrelle foot technology that keep my feet happy -LRB- super important to an Infantry man -RRB- . These boots are not for extreme cold climates , they breath well and when appropriately spit shined by a person who has had many years of experience , you will stand out and look sharp!Great boots , made in America and I ca n't wait to order another pair when I have enough money . These boots in my opinion are worth every dollar I spent on them . `` Follow Me '' ! Finalout99
 there is not one single other item I would consider more vital to surviving an outbreak of the walking dead . these are a must have .
 Well made , great tread for walking in snow , sand and standing to work in all day long , I bought these for my partner and he stands at his job all day long and will only wear combat boots . His last pair of combat books were jump boots and the sole did not last . As a former military wife I would never buy anything but a Corcoran boot . The field work boot looks like it will be up to the wear and tear he puts on his footwear plus the soul is thick and has a great tread . We received them in record time to &#34; boot ! &#34; THANKS ! You can not CAN NOT GO WRONG with Corcoran 's no matter what cut or style !
 With proper care , these boots are nearly indestructible . Comfortable , easy to break in , with soles that barely seem to wear down -- even after years of walking all over the earth .
 it is very very good soft end comfortable . I recommend this boots all from work end they are always reliable
 Site after site has these rated as 5 stars . After a dogged hunt for made in USA boots that looked good , were n't western style and could stand up to the rigors of motorcycling I arrived at these suckers . And how glad I am for that . This review primarily focuses on these boots ' performance as a motorcycle boot . I am confident they stand up well under other conditions too , but you can find many of those reviews elsewhere.These are quality inside and out . The stitching is perfect , no frayed anything anywhere . It 's gon na hold together . The leather has enough thickness for some warmth and road protection , and the breathability is great for all conditions except rather wet . I applied some waterproofing agent to mine , and so far so good . Without waterproofing agent expect about 30 minutes of semi-wet riding -LRB- read
 I wore these for 12 years in the military -LRB- I wore the jump boots for awhile until these came out -RRB- and they are excellent boots . I still have the last pair I bought , a couple of years before I got out -LRB- medical discharge -RRB- , and they 're still very serviceable . They 're comfortable and have great traction , which is great when you 're in Bosnian mud and snow .
 I 've been wearing this shoe for years . It has always been very comfortable and long-wearing .
 I bought 3 pair of these slippers as gifts . They are soft , warm , comfortable , and durable .
 Great value for the amount paid.Very comfortable . This is a great slipper brand .
 These slippers are great . Well made , a little expensive , but they certainly keep my feet warm .
 I 've been wearing this shoe for years . It has always been very comfortable and long-wearing .
 I was sure shocked to see these beautiful sneaks for this amountI could n't believe my eyes.Very nice sneaks and different colors too.Oh Boy is all I can say
 This shoe looks great and is very comfortable . I have bought myself a pair as well as a pair as a gift for my mother . We are both equally impressed .
 Kaepa makes the most comfortable and longest-lived shoes I 've EVER owned . I was incredibly disappointed when my last pair wore out and learned that the company had stopped making them . This deal is FANTASTIC ! Do n't let these shoes slip by ! In fact , buy 20 pair at this price and you will never run out as I did . You wo n't regret it !
 Great all around ... They are well made and -LRB- very important -RRB- `` true to size '' . The 2 sets of laces are unique and a nice touch . Great all around shoe . I 'm very pleased with my purchase .
 I 've been wearing this shoe for years . It has always been very comfortable and long-wearing .
 I was soooo tickled pink with my pink Nellie Chukka boots . I saw them on the web page and I had to have them . Pink is my favorite color . They are extremely well made . They did n't need breaking in either . That is a major plus . They fit perfectly . Also they arrived in record time except it was like waiting for Christmas . I love them so much it is all I can do not to wear them to bed . :--RRB- I want several more pairs . I am waiting for them to be available in red leather .
 I recently bought 2 pairs of Nellie Chukka Timerlands in colour Wheat.I received 2 pairs of nellie Chukka Timerlands in colour Wheat White.when requesting the colour on the order form , you have 2 options for wheat . The option for Wheat White is not separate from regular wheat.I am now stuck with 2 pairs of the wrong colour . I live in Ireland and therefore would be very expensive for me to send them back to you.I am very dissapointed with my purchases . Unless you can rectify the situation for me I will not be recommending your service to family and friends.Thanking youRachel Costello
 I 've been wearing this shoe for years . It has always been very comfortable and long-wearing .
 I love these boots . Very sleek and sexy . Comfortable for a pointy-toe boot . You can order a half size up if you prefer ... I did n't have to . Oh yeah ladies - get your navy while you can . Navy blue can be hard to find .
 I 'm a Texas gulf coast fisherman . I wear these shoes while fishing from my kayak . They 're comfortable and if I decide to wadefish they can handle mud -LRB- without getting sucked off my feet -RRB- , sand and oyster reefs -LRB- this means they 're tough -RRB- . They drain and dry quickly and keep out debris upto fine silt . I 'm getting a second pair to use with my waders during the winter .
 I 've been wearing this shoe for years . It has always been very comfortable and long-wearing .
 I have worn these boots for over 20 years and my brother a little over 25 years . We both would not be caught dead with out them . While they do wear down - eventually - they are always reliable . One pair last me through 3 cruises and I was still able to make them inspection ready.Right now I have the same Corcoran jump boots on that I have been wearing for 3 years , and except for some slight scuffing they still shine up better than most of the dress shoes men wear in the office . And I wear them everywhere work , church , out on the town , down by the lake , fixing the car , it does not matter , just hose off the dirt slap some polish on them and your ready to go . Polish and a little elbow grease is a lot cheaper than a new pair of shoes.While having shoes that look nice can be important . I like knowing that I have a pair of boots/shoes on that can take just about anything I can throw at them . And these fit that bill , in spades.The only down side is after several years of continuous wear the sole may separate , especially around the heel . -LRB- The top half of the sole is sewn to the boot the heel is not -RRB- But , do n't worry , use a liberal amount of super glue and your back in business.If your on the fence because of cost . Just pick them up in the end you will save money considering that these boots stay wearable for so long .
 I have owned four pairs of these boots , and they have collectively lasted me about four and a half years . I wear Corcoran 10 '' field boots just about 13 days out of every 14 . This includes wear during heavy labor such as working in a diesel boat shop , running , hiking , shooting , and hundreds of miles ' worth of walking.You will definitely get your money 's worth out of these boots . They are incredibly comfortable after a week of wear , give good support while carrying weight , are easy to lace and tie , are good for protecting your feet , and just look awesome . They are miles above and beyond cheaper work shoes or work boots from Walmart or Farm and Fleet , and will outlast by several lifetimes similar footwear which is less well made.My sole complaint about these boots is that they do not last forever . Mine always form -LRB- after about a year -RRB- cracks between the double stitched toe and the bottom two eyelets . I have never had the sole , toe , or upper wear through . However , this should not come as a surprise , as any footwear is guaranteed to wear out over time .
 Boots fit perfectly when using boot liner/sock combination . Very soft leather , break in time was just a few days . If you want a pair of boots that are solidly made that you can wear anytime , this is the pair you need to get . I purchased these originally for use when I ride my motorcycle , but have since found I can wear them anytime . These are definitely the best , most comfortable boots I have ever owned . I have even ordered a pair of the Brown boots and look forward to getting them delivered some time next week . Highly recommended !!
 Just wanted to write something about these great boots . I 'm a veteran and wore these exact boots for over five years while on active duty in the states and overseas . I served 94-99 , Fort Hood , TX -LRB- 11M -RRB- 1st Cavalry Division and at Camp Casey Korea , South Korea -2 nd Infantry Division.For those that do not know what my job was by my military description , I was in a Mechanized Infantry unit . From the clay mud in Fort Hood to the mountain hills of South Korea , these boots my friends are the real deal . I especially like the field boot model , because you have traction unlike the `` garrison '' type boots that are more for parade . Even after being drug through the elements , take them home and let them dry , slap some Kiwi on them and then spit shine the heals and toe of the boot and you are good to go for a day in `` garrison '' . I have n't worn these boots for over ten years . I 've recently changed carriers and now I 'm wearing them again . These have to be the most comfortable boots I 've worn right out of the box . I enjoy the DRYZ and Cambrelle foot technology that keep my feet happy -LRB- super important to an Infantry man -RRB- . These boots are not for extreme cold climates , they breath well and when appropriately spit shined by a person who has had many years of experience , you will stand out and look sharp!Great boots , made in America and I ca n't wait to order another pair when I have enough money . These boots in my opinion are worth every dollar I spent on them . `` Follow Me '' ! Finalout99
 there is not one single other item I would consider more vital to surviving an outbreak of the walking dead . these are a must have .
 Well made , great tread for walking in snow , sand and standing to work in all day long , I bought these for my partner and he stands at his job all day long and will only wear combat boots . His last pair of combat books were jump boots and the sole did not last . As a former military wife I would never buy anything but a Corcoran boot . The field work boot looks like it will be up to the wear and tear he puts on his footwear plus the soul is thick and has a great tread . We received them in record time to &#34; boot ! &#34; THANKS ! You can not CAN NOT GO WRONG with Corcoran 's no matter what cut or style !
 With proper care , these boots are nearly indestructible . Comfortable , easy to break in , with soles that barely seem to wear down -- even after years of walking all over the earth .
 it is very very good soft end comfortable . I recommend this boots all from work end they are always reliable
 Site after site has these rated as 5 stars . After a dogged hunt for made in USA boots that looked good , were n't western style and could stand up to the rigors of motorcycling I arrived at these suckers . And how glad I am for that . This review primarily focuses on these boots ' performance as a motorcycle boot . I am confident they stand up well under other conditions too , but you can find many of those reviews elsewhere.These are quality inside and out . The stitching is perfect , no frayed anything anywhere . It 's gon na hold together . The leather has enough thickness for some warmth and road protection , and the breathability is great for all conditions except rather wet . I applied some waterproofing agent to mine , and so far so good . Without waterproofing agent expect about 30 minutes of semi-wet riding -LRB- read
 I wore these for 12 years in the military -LRB- I wore the jump boots for awhile until these came out -RRB- and they are excellent boots . I still have the last pair I bought , a couple of years before I got out -LRB- medical discharge -RRB- , and they 're still very serviceable . They 're comfortable and have great traction , which is great when you 're in Bosnian mud and snow .
 I know this is n't the most helpful review but I would justlike to concur with the other reviews . I have had these bootsfor a year now and except for a few scuffs , they still are ingreat condition .
 Wore these in the Air Force for about nine years . Tried a different boot this last go around and quickly realized my mistake . I love Corcoran boots and am glad I am wearing them again . I would highly recommend them as they are comfortable , secure and last a good amount of time with regular polishing .
 These are the boots that are worn over your shoes . I knew what to expect and was not expecting them to be actual shoes . I am pleased with them and my son loved them .
 These boots did the job , i was afraid they would be cheap looking due to you put them over shoes , but they actually looked like real boots . Received them super fast .
 Ordered this for a Halloween costume and they worked perfectly . Sturdy and comfortable -LRB- I was in my costume for 12 hours -RRB- I would recommend this product
 Looked pretty flippin sweet w my husbands Napoleon costume . He has big feet -LRB- size 11 -RRB- so a little bit of the toe of his shoe showed through but if you wear black shoes its fine !
 I 've been wearing this shoe for years . It has always been very comfortable and long-wearing .
 I was sure shocked to see these beautiful sneaks for this amountI could n't believe my eyes.Very nice sneaks and different colors too.Oh Boy is all I can say
 This shoe looks great and is very comfortable . I have bought myself a pair as well as a pair as a gift for my mother . We are both equally impressed .
 Kaepa makes the most comfortable and longest-lived shoes I 've EVER owned . I was incredibly disappointed when my last pair wore out and learned that the company had stopped making them . This deal is FANTASTIC ! Do n't let these shoes slip by ! In fact , buy 20 pair at this price and you will never run out as I did . You wo n't regret it !
 Great all around ... They are well made and -LRB- very important -RRB- `` true to size '' . The 2 sets of laces are unique and a nice touch . Great all around shoe . I 'm very pleased with my purchase .
 if your looking for a good quality mid basketball shoe without empting your bank account BUY THESE SHOES . 100 % satisfied .
 This is one of the best shoes that I have bought . They are good quality and lasts for a long period of time . I wore them on the day of my hish school graduation !! C/O 2003 !!
 This is the best pair of shoes i 've ever had . True to size , true to width , true to comfort . Soft and light as a feather . High speed walking boots - all is exactly what i need . But this model even exceeded all my expectations . So i am just happy with it . I would highly recommend this product to all my friends .
 It 's very warm and nice looking , but it runs a bit small . Order a half size up .
 I was sure shocked to see these beautiful sneaks for this amountI could n't believe my eyes.Very nice sneaks and different colors too.Oh Boy is all I can say
 This shoe looks great and is very comfortable . I have bought myself a pair as well as a pair as a gift for my mother . We are both equally impressed .
 Kaepa makes the most comfortable and longest-lived shoes I 've EVER owned . I was incredibly disappointed when my last pair wore out and learned that the company had stopped making them . This deal is FANTASTIC ! Do n't let these shoes slip by ! In fact , buy 20 pair at this price and you will never run out as I did . You wo n't regret it !
 Great all around ... They are well made and -LRB- very important -RRB- `` true to size '' . The 2 sets of laces are unique and a nice touch . Great all around shoe . I 'm very pleased with my purchase .
 I have worn these boots for over 20 years and my brother a little over 25 years . We both would not be caught dead with out them . While they do wear down - eventually - they are always reliable . One pair last me through 3 cruises and I was still able to make them inspection ready.Right now I have the same Corcoran jump boots on that I have been wearing for 3 years , and except for some slight scuffing they still shine up better than most of the dress shoes men wear in the office . And I wear them everywhere work , church , out on the town , down by the lake , fixing the car , it does not matter , just hose off the dirt slap some polish on them and your ready to go . Polish and a little elbow grease is a lot cheaper than a new pair of shoes.While having shoes that look nice can be important . I like knowing that I have a pair of boots/shoes on that can take just about anything I can throw at them . And these fit that bill , in spades.The only down side is after several years of continuous wear the sole may separate , especially around the heel . -LRB- The top half of the sole is sewn to the boot the heel is not -RRB- But , do n't worry , use a liberal amount of super glue and your back in business.If your on the fence because of cost . Just pick them up in the end you will save money considering that these boots stay wearable for so long .
 I have owned four pairs of these boots , and they have collectively lasted me about four and a half years . I wear Corcoran 10 '' field boots just about 13 days out of every 14 . This includes wear during heavy labor such as working in a diesel boat shop , running , hiking , shooting , and hundreds of miles ' worth of walking.You will definitely get your money 's worth out of these boots . They are incredibly comfortable after a week of wear , give good support while carrying weight , are easy to lace and tie , are good for protecting your feet , and just look awesome . They are miles above and beyond cheaper work shoes or work boots from Walmart or Farm and Fleet , and will outlast by several lifetimes similar footwear which is less well made.My sole complaint about these boots is that they do not last forever . Mine always form -LRB- after about a year -RRB- cracks between the double stitched toe and the bottom two eyelets . I have never had the sole , toe , or upper wear through . However , this should not come as a surprise , as any footwear is guaranteed to wear out over time .
 Boots fit perfectly when using boot liner/sock combination . Very soft leather , break in time was just a few days . If you want a pair of boots that are solidly made that you can wear anytime , this is the pair you need to get . I purchased these originally for use when I ride my motorcycle , but have since found I can wear them anytime . These are definitely the best , most comfortable boots I have ever owned . I have even ordered a pair of the Brown boots and look forward to getting them delivered some time next week . Highly recommended !!
 Just wanted to write something about these great boots . I 'm a veteran and wore these exact boots for over five years while on active duty in the states and overseas . I served 94-99 , Fort Hood , TX -LRB- 11M -RRB- 1st Cavalry Division and at Camp Casey Korea , South Korea -2 nd Infantry Division.For those that do not know what my job was by my military description , I was in a Mechanized Infantry unit . From the clay mud in Fort Hood to the mountain hills of South Korea , these boots my friends are the real deal . I especially like the field boot model , because you have traction unlike the `` garrison '' type boots that are more for parade . Even after being drug through the elements , take them home and let them dry , slap some Kiwi on them and then spit shine the heals and toe of the boot and you are good to go for a day in `` garrison '' . I have n't worn these boots for over ten years . I 've recently changed carriers and now I 'm wearing them again . These have to be the most comfortable boots I 've worn right out of the box . I enjoy the DRYZ and Cambrelle foot technology that keep my feet happy -LRB- super important to an Infantry man -RRB- . These boots are not for extreme cold climates , they breath well and when appropriately spit shined by a person who has had many years of experience , you will stand out and look sharp!Great boots , made in America and I ca n't wait to order another pair when I have enough money . These boots in my opinion are worth every dollar I spent on them . `` Follow Me '' ! Finalout99
 there is not one single other item I would consider more vital to surviving an outbreak of the walking dead . these are a must have .
 Well made , great tread for walking in snow , sand and standing to work in all day long , I bought these for my partner and he stands at his job all day long and will only wear combat boots . His last pair of combat books were jump boots and the sole did not last . As a former military wife I would never buy anything but a Corcoran boot . The field work boot looks like it will be up to the wear and tear he puts on his footwear plus the soul is thick and has a great tread . We received them in record time to &#34; boot ! &#34; THANKS ! You can not CAN NOT GO WRONG with Corcoran 's no matter what cut or style !
 With proper care , these boots are nearly indestructible . Comfortable , easy to break in , with soles that barely seem to wear down -- even after years of walking all over the earth .
 it is very very good soft end comfortable . I recommend this boots all from work end they are always reliable
 Site after site has these rated as 5 stars . After a dogged hunt for made in USA boots that looked good , were n't western style and could stand up to the rigors of motorcycling I arrived at these suckers . And how glad I am for that . This review primarily focuses on these boots ' performance as a motorcycle boot . I am confident they stand up well under other conditions too , but you can find many of those reviews elsewhere.These are quality inside and out . The stitching is perfect , no frayed anything anywhere . It 's gon na hold together . The leather has enough thickness for some warmth and road protection , and the breathability is great for all conditions except rather wet . I applied some waterproofing agent to mine , and so far so good . Without waterproofing agent expect about 30 minutes of semi-wet riding -LRB- read
 I wore these for 12 years in the military -LRB- I wore the jump boots for awhile until these came out -RRB- and they are excellent boots . I still have the last pair I bought , a couple of years before I got out -LRB- medical discharge -RRB- , and they 're still very serviceable . They 're comfortable and have great traction , which is great when you 're in Bosnian mud and snow .
 I know this is n't the most helpful review but I would justlike to concur with the other reviews . I have had these bootsfor a year now and except for a few scuffs , they still are ingreat condition .
 Wore these in the Air Force for about nine years . Tried a different boot this last go around and quickly realized my mistake . I love Corcoran boots and am glad I am wearing them again . I would highly recommend them as they are comfortable , secure and last a good amount of time with regular polishing .
 I love them !! They are extremely light , and the most comfortable pair of shoes I own , PERIOD even over my tennis shoes ! I wear them 5 days a week to work , and usually wear them on the weekends too because of their comfort . The Zippered feature makes getting in and out of them extremely easy ! I have owned two pairs , wearing them pretty much daily a pair lasts about two years . Then I wear the soles off of them ! They are definitely non-slip and have great all terrain traction . I have been in all sorts of situations with them
 These shoes are the best ... they come in many diferent colors and they are so comfortable . And they are reasonably priced . They are a casual shoe , dress shoe , and an athletic shoe , They are great and feel wonderful . So i would sugest on buying them . Me myself i own about 5 pairs ... . They would we a great x.ams gift for the teens !! hint hint
 I think that Dr. Marten 's shoes , besides being very confortable to even walk far distances , its price is very reasonable , they last untill you are ` tired ' of seeing them in your dressing room .
 this is my first pair of doc . martens ... i saw my brother wear them for years and wondered what the big deal was ... i always bought shoes from a department stores like kohls/JCpenny etc. . These shoes blow those shoes away . . they are so comfortable and light . I am on my feet for 10 hours a day and these shoes sure beat the department store + dr scholls insole combo ... they have such a unstylish stylishness to them that it 's amazing ... also for less than $ 40 here , this is the cheapest pair of doc . martens you can get . . i can only wonder how good the other $ 80 + doc martens are ... this is the best present for your feet ! amazon was awesome with the shipping as well . . ordered it on friday using super saver shiping and got them tuesday morning .
 These shoes are the perfect combination of style , sass , and design . They can be dressed down with a pair of jeans , or dressed up with dress slacks . I bought a pair in red at first , but I loved them so much that I ordered another pair in black!The red ones are extremely comfortable and rub no blisters ... even after wearing them all day . The black ones , on the other hand rubbed small blisters the first day I wore them . I have no idea what the difference is between the two pairs.Regardless , these are GREAT shoes and they look GREAT on !
 Such a pretty shoe . Comfortable sole . Leather is a little hard , but looks great on .
 I have worn these boots for over 20 years and my brother a little over 25 years . We both would not be caught dead with out them . While they do wear down - eventually - they are always reliable . One pair last me through 3 cruises and I was still able to make them inspection ready.Right now I have the same Corcoran jump boots on that I have been wearing for 3 years , and except for some slight scuffing they still shine up better than most of the dress shoes men wear in the office . And I wear them everywhere work , church , out on the town , down by the lake , fixing the car , it does not matter , just hose off the dirt slap some polish on them and your ready to go . Polish and a little elbow grease is a lot cheaper than a new pair of shoes.While having shoes that look nice can be important . I like knowing that I have a pair of boots/shoes on that can take just about anything I can throw at them . And these fit that bill , in spades.The only down side is after several years of continuous wear the sole may separate , especially around the heel . -LRB- The top half of the sole is sewn to the boot the heel is not -RRB- But , do n't worry , use a liberal amount of super glue and your back in business.If your on the fence because of cost . Just pick them up in the end you will save money considering that these boots stay wearable for so long .
 I have owned four pairs of these boots , and they have collectively lasted me about four and a half years . I wear Corcoran 10 '' field boots just about 13 days out of every 14 . This includes wear during heavy labor such as working in a diesel boat shop , running , hiking , shooting , and hundreds of miles ' worth of walking.You will definitely get your money 's worth out of these boots . They are incredibly comfortable after a week of wear , give good support while carrying weight , are easy to lace and tie , are good for protecting your feet , and just look awesome . They are miles above and beyond cheaper work shoes or work boots from Walmart or Farm and Fleet , and will outlast by several lifetimes similar footwear which is less well made.My sole complaint about these boots is that they do not last forever . Mine always form -LRB- after about a year -RRB- cracks between the double stitched toe and the bottom two eyelets . I have never had the sole , toe , or upper wear through . However , this should not come as a surprise , as any footwear is guaranteed to wear out over time .
 Boots fit perfectly when using boot liner/sock combination . Very soft leather , break in time was just a few days . If you want a pair of boots that are solidly made that you can wear anytime , this is the pair you need to get . I purchased these originally for use when I ride my motorcycle , but have since found I can wear them anytime . These are definitely the best , most comfortable boots I have ever owned . I have even ordered a pair of the Brown boots and look forward to getting them delivered some time next week . Highly recommended !!
 Just wanted to write something about these great boots . I 'm a veteran and wore these exact boots for over five years while on active duty in the states and overseas . I served 94-99 , Fort Hood , TX -LRB- 11M -RRB- 1st Cavalry Division and at Camp Casey Korea , South Korea -2 nd Infantry Division.For those that do not know what my job was by my military description , I was in a Mechanized Infantry unit . From the clay mud in Fort Hood to the mountain hills of South Korea , these boots my friends are the real deal . I especially like the field boot model , because you have traction unlike the `` garrison '' type boots that are more for parade . Even after being drug through the elements , take them home and let them dry , slap some Kiwi on them and then spit shine the heals and toe of the boot and you are good to go for a day in `` garrison '' . I have n't worn these boots for over ten years . I 've recently changed carriers and now I 'm wearing them again . These have to be the most comfortable boots I 've worn right out of the box . I enjoy the DRYZ and Cambrelle foot technology that keep my feet happy -LRB- super important to an Infantry man -RRB- . These boots are not for extreme cold climates , they breath well and when appropriately spit shined by a person who has had many years of experience , you will stand out and look sharp!Great boots , made in America and I ca n't wait to order another pair when I have enough money . These boots in my opinion are worth every dollar I spent on them . `` Follow Me '' ! Finalout99
 there is not one single other item I would consider more vital to surviving an outbreak of the walking dead . these are a must have .
 Well made , great tread for walking in snow , sand and standing to work in all day long , I bought these for my partner and he stands at his job all day long and will only wear combat boots . His last pair of combat books were jump boots and the sole did not last . As a former military wife I would never buy anything but a Corcoran boot . The field work boot looks like it will be up to the wear and tear he puts on his footwear plus the soul is thick and has a great tread . We received them in record time to &#34; boot ! &#34; THANKS ! You can not CAN NOT GO WRONG with Corcoran 's no matter what cut or style !
 With proper care , these boots are nearly indestructible . Comfortable , easy to break in , with soles that barely seem to wear down -- even after years of walking all over the earth .
 it is very very good soft end comfortable . I recommend this boots all from work end they are always reliable
 Site after site has these rated as 5 stars . After a dogged hunt for made in USA boots that looked good , were n't western style and could stand up to the rigors of motorcycling I arrived at these suckers . And how glad I am for that . This review primarily focuses on these boots ' performance as a motorcycle boot . I am confident they stand up well under other conditions too , but you can find many of those reviews elsewhere.These are quality inside and out . The stitching is perfect , no frayed anything anywhere . It 's gon na hold together . The leather has enough thickness for some warmth and road protection , and the breathability is great for all conditions except rather wet . I applied some waterproofing agent to mine , and so far so good . Without waterproofing agent expect about 30 minutes of semi-wet riding -LRB- read
 I wore these for 12 years in the military -LRB- I wore the jump boots for awhile until these came out -RRB- and they are excellent boots . I still have the last pair I bought , a couple of years before I got out -LRB- medical discharge -RRB- , and they 're still very serviceable . They 're comfortable and have great traction , which is great when you 're in Bosnian mud and snow .
 I know this is n't the most helpful review but I would justlike to concur with the other reviews . I have had these bootsfor a year now and except for a few scuffs , they still are ingreat condition .
 Wore these in the Air Force for about nine years . Tried a different boot this last go around and quickly realized my mistake . I love Corcoran boots and am glad I am wearing them again . I would highly recommend them as they are comfortable , secure and last a good amount of time with regular polishing .
 I have worn these boots for over 20 years and my brother a little over 25 years . We both would not be caught dead with out them . While they do wear down - eventually - they are always reliable . One pair last me through 3 cruises and I was still able to make them inspection ready.Right now I have the same Corcoran jump boots on that I have been wearing for 3 years , and except for some slight scuffing they still shine up better than most of the dress shoes men wear in the office . And I wear them everywhere work , church , out on the town , down by the lake , fixing the car , it does not matter , just hose off the dirt slap some polish on them and your ready to go . Polish and a little elbow grease is a lot cheaper than a new pair of shoes.While having shoes that look nice can be important . I like knowing that I have a pair of boots/shoes on that can take just about anything I can throw at them . And these fit that bill , in spades.The only down side is after several years of continuous wear the sole may separate , especially around the heel . -LRB- The top half of the sole is sewn to the boot the heel is not -RRB- But , do n't worry , use a liberal amount of super glue and your back in business.If your on the fence because of cost . Just pick them up in the end you will save money considering that these boots stay wearable for so long .
 I have owned four pairs of these boots , and they have collectively lasted me about four and a half years . I wear Corcoran 10 '' field boots just about 13 days out of every 14 . This includes wear during heavy labor such as working in a diesel boat shop , running , hiking , shooting , and hundreds of miles ' worth of walking.You will definitely get your money 's worth out of these boots . They are incredibly comfortable after a week of wear , give good support while carrying weight , are easy to lace and tie , are good for protecting your feet , and just look awesome . They are miles above and beyond cheaper work shoes or work boots from Walmart or Farm and Fleet , and will outlast by several lifetimes similar footwear which is less well made.My sole complaint about these boots is that they do not last forever . Mine always form -LRB- after about a year -RRB- cracks between the double stitched toe and the bottom two eyelets . I have never had the sole , toe , or upper wear through . However , this should not come as a surprise , as any footwear is guaranteed to wear out over time .
 Boots fit perfectly when using boot liner/sock combination . Very soft leather , break in time was just a few days . If you want a pair of boots that are solidly made that you can wear anytime , this is the pair you need to get . I purchased these originally for use when I ride my motorcycle , but have since found I can wear them anytime . These are definitely the best , most comfortable boots I have ever owned . I have even ordered a pair of the Brown boots and look forward to getting them delivered some time next week . Highly recommended !!
 Just wanted to write something about these great boots . I 'm a veteran and wore these exact boots for over five years while on active duty in the states and overseas . I served 94-99 , Fort Hood , TX -LRB- 11M -RRB- 1st Cavalry Division and at Camp Casey Korea , South Korea -2 nd Infantry Division.For those that do not know what my job was by my military description , I was in a Mechanized Infantry unit . From the clay mud in Fort Hood to the mountain hills of South Korea , these boots my friends are the real deal . I especially like the field boot model , because you have traction unlike the `` garrison '' type boots that are more for parade . Even after being drug through the elements , take them home and let them dry , slap some Kiwi on them and then spit shine the heals and toe of the boot and you are good to go for a day in `` garrison '' . I have n't worn these boots for over ten years . I 've recently changed carriers and now I 'm wearing them again . These have to be the most comfortable boots I 've worn right out of the box . I enjoy the DRYZ and Cambrelle foot technology that keep my feet happy -LRB- super important to an Infantry man -RRB- . These boots are not for extreme cold climates , they breath well and when appropriately spit shined by a person who has had many years of experience , you will stand out and look sharp!Great boots , made in America and I ca n't wait to order another pair when I have enough money . These boots in my opinion are worth every dollar I spent on them . `` Follow Me '' ! Finalout99
 there is not one single other item I would consider more vital to surviving an outbreak of the walking dead . these are a must have .
 Site after site has these rated as 5 stars . After a dogged hunt for made in USA boots that looked good , were n't western style and could stand up to the rigors of motorcycling I arrived at these suckers . And how glad I am for that . This review primarily focuses on these boots ' performance as a motorcycle boot . I am confident they stand up well under other conditions too , but you can find many of those reviews elsewhere.These are quality inside and out . The stitching is perfect , no frayed anything anywhere . It 's gon na hold together . The leather has enough thickness for some warmth and road protection , and the breathability is great for all conditions except rather wet . I applied some waterproofing agent to mine , and so far so good . Without waterproofing agent expect about 30 minutes of semi-wet riding -LRB- read
 Well made , great tread for walking in snow , sand and standing to work in all day long , I bought these for my partner and he stands at his job all day long and will only wear combat boots . His last pair of combat books were jump boots and the sole did not last . As a former military wife I would never buy anything but a Corcoran boot . The field work boot looks like it will be up to the wear and tear he puts on his footwear plus the soul is thick and has a great tread . We received them in record time to &#34; boot ! &#34; THANKS ! You can not CAN NOT GO WRONG with Corcoran 's no matter what cut or style !
 With proper care , these boots are nearly indestructible . Comfortable , easy to break in , with soles that barely seem to wear down -- even after years of walking all over the earth .
 it is very very good soft end comfortable . I recommend this boots all from work end they are always reliable
 I wore these for 12 years in the military -LRB- I wore the jump boots for awhile until these came out -RRB- and they are excellent boots . I still have the last pair I bought , a couple of years before I got out -LRB- medical discharge -RRB- , and they 're still very serviceable . They 're comfortable and have great traction , which is great when you 're in Bosnian mud and snow .
 I know this is n't the most helpful review but I would justlike to concur with the other reviews . I have had these bootsfor a year now and except for a few scuffs , they still are ingreat condition .
 Wore these in the Air Force for about nine years . Tried a different boot this last go around and quickly realized my mistake . I love Corcoran boots and am glad I am wearing them again . I would highly recommend them as they are comfortable , secure and last a good amount of time with regular polishing .
 Initially , I thought shoes were a little tight -LRB- hard -RRB- and not flexible . I put them on before the game , and before playing , I thought it would take some effort to break in . Maybe wear them around the house 2/3 times then decide to send back or work with them.Then , I put them on & practiced for an hour or two , and remembered that these may be the most comfortable softball shoe that I have worn over the last 5 - 10 years.This is my second or third pair of the same 3N2 shoes . I purchased from different companies . Shoes are soft , comfortable , flexible , with high top , -LRB- the way I like them for extra support -RRB- a little wide -LRB- good for me because I prefer the wide shoe -RRB- . On a scale of 1 - 10 , 1 being poor , and 10 best , I rate this product a 10 !
 When I got these shoes I thought they were great . I put them on and they had great room for the toes and also felt great on the feet . I got the green one and the green color looked alot better in person than on the website . I loved the color!The only thing I see wrong with these shoes is the paint or what ever it is starts to come off very quickly where your laces are in the middle . Another thing is on the back the thing that says 3N2 peels right off and does n't stay on . I do like the product but there needs to be something done about these problems !
 I know this is n't the most helpful review but I would justlike to concur with the other reviews . I have had these bootsfor a year now and except for a few scuffs , they still are ingreat condition .
 Wore these in the Air Force for about nine years . Tried a different boot this last go around and quickly realized my mistake . I love Corcoran boots and am glad I am wearing them again . I would highly recommend them as they are comfortable , secure and last a good amount of time with regular polishing .
 I have worn these boots for over 20 years and my brother a little over 25 years . We both would not be caught dead with out them . While they do wear down - eventually - they are always reliable . One pair last me through 3 cruises and I was still able to make them inspection ready.Right now I have the same Corcoran jump boots on that I have been wearing for 3 years , and except for some slight scuffing they still shine up better than most of the dress shoes men wear in the office . And I wear them everywhere work , church , out on the town , down by the lake , fixing the car , it does not matter , just hose off the dirt slap some polish on them and your ready to go . Polish and a little elbow grease is a lot cheaper than a new pair of shoes.While having shoes that look nice can be important . I like knowing that I have a pair of boots/shoes on that can take just about anything I can throw at them . And these fit that bill , in spades.The only down side is after several years of continuous wear the sole may separate , especially around the heel . -LRB- The top half of the sole is sewn to the boot the heel is not -RRB- But , do n't worry , use a liberal amount of super glue and your back in business.If your on the fence because of cost . Just pick them up in the end you will save money considering that these boots stay wearable for so long .
 I have owned four pairs of these boots , and they have collectively lasted me about four and a half years . I wear Corcoran 10 '' field boots just about 13 days out of every 14 . This includes wear during heavy labor such as working in a diesel boat shop , running , hiking , shooting , and hundreds of miles ' worth of walking.You will definitely get your money 's worth out of these boots . They are incredibly comfortable after a week of wear , give good support while carrying weight , are easy to lace and tie , are good for protecting your feet , and just look awesome . They are miles above and beyond cheaper work shoes or work boots from Walmart or Farm and Fleet , and will outlast by several lifetimes similar footwear which is less well made.My sole complaint about these boots is that they do not last forever . Mine always form -LRB- after about a year -RRB- cracks between the double stitched toe and the bottom two eyelets . I have never had the sole , toe , or upper wear through . However , this should not come as a surprise , as any footwear is guaranteed to wear out over time .
 Boots fit perfectly when using boot liner/sock combination . Very soft leather , break in time was just a few days . If you want a pair of boots that are solidly made that you can wear anytime , this is the pair you need to get . I purchased these originally for use when I ride my motorcycle , but have since found I can wear them anytime . These are definitely the best , most comfortable boots I have ever owned . I have even ordered a pair of the Brown boots and look forward to getting them delivered some time next week . Highly recommended !!
 Just wanted to write something about these great boots . I 'm a veteran and wore these exact boots for over five years while on active duty in the states and overseas . I served 94-99 , Fort Hood , TX -LRB- 11M -RRB- 1st Cavalry Division and at Camp Casey Korea , South Korea -2 nd Infantry Division.For those that do not know what my job was by my military description , I was in a Mechanized Infantry unit . From the clay mud in Fort Hood to the mountain hills of South Korea , these boots my friends are the real deal . I especially like the field boot model , because you have traction unlike the `` garrison '' type boots that are more for parade . Even after being drug through the elements , take them home and let them dry , slap some Kiwi on them and then spit shine the heals and toe of the boot and you are good to go for a day in `` garrison '' . I have n't worn these boots for over ten years . I 've recently changed carriers and now I 'm wearing them again . These have to be the most comfortable boots I 've worn right out of the box . I enjoy the DRYZ and Cambrelle foot technology that keep my feet happy -LRB- super important to an Infantry man -RRB- . These boots are not for extreme cold climates , they breath well and when appropriately spit shined by a person who has had many years of experience , you will stand out and look sharp!Great boots , made in America and I ca n't wait to order another pair when I have enough money . These boots in my opinion are worth every dollar I spent on them . `` Follow Me '' ! Finalout99
 there is not one single other item I would consider more vital to surviving an outbreak of the walking dead . these are a must have .
 Well made , great tread for walking in snow , sand and standing to work in all day long , I bought these for my partner and he stands at his job all day long and will only wear combat boots . His last pair of combat books were jump boots and the sole did not last . As a former military wife I would never buy anything but a Corcoran boot . The field work boot looks like it will be up to the wear and tear he puts on his footwear plus the soul is thick and has a great tread . We received them in record time to &#34; boot ! &#34; THANKS ! You can not CAN NOT GO WRONG with Corcoran 's no matter what cut or style !
 With proper care , these boots are nearly indestructible . Comfortable , easy to break in , with soles that barely seem to wear down -- even after years of walking all over the earth .
 it is very very good soft end comfortable . I recommend this boots all from work end they are always reliable
 Site after site has these rated as 5 stars . After a dogged hunt for made in USA boots that looked good , were n't western style and could stand up to the rigors of motorcycling I arrived at these suckers . And how glad I am for that . This review primarily focuses on these boots ' performance as a motorcycle boot . I am confident they stand up well under other conditions too , but you can find many of those reviews elsewhere.These are quality inside and out . The stitching is perfect , no frayed anything anywhere . It 's gon na hold together . The leather has enough thickness for some warmth and road protection , and the breathability is great for all conditions except rather wet . I applied some waterproofing agent to mine , and so far so good . Without waterproofing agent expect about 30 minutes of semi-wet riding -LRB- read
 I wore these for 12 years in the military -LRB- I wore the jump boots for awhile until these came out -RRB- and they are excellent boots . I still have the last pair I bought , a couple of years before I got out -LRB- medical discharge -RRB- , and they 're still very serviceable . They 're comfortable and have great traction , which is great when you 're in Bosnian mud and snow .
 OK , now granted , these shoes are not for mall walking or any kind of walking at all really but they are absolutely FIERCE ! My new fav shoes ! Even thought they are made by Pleaser they DO fit true to size -LRB- i always buy pleaser boots one size bigger -RRB- but i 'm glad i did n't go up a size in these , they are perfect . I just love them and Quality Order is the best place to buy on amazon !
 Initially , I thought shoes were a little tight -LRB- hard -RRB- and not flexible . I put them on before the game , and before playing , I thought it would take some effort to break in . Maybe wear them around the house 2/3 times then decide to send back or work with them.Then , I put them on & practiced for an hour or two , and remembered that these may be the most comfortable softball shoe that I have worn over the last 5 - 10 years.This is my second or third pair of the same 3N2 shoes . I purchased from different companies . Shoes are soft , comfortable , flexible , with high top , -LRB- the way I like them for extra support -RRB- a little wide -LRB- good for me because I prefer the wide shoe -RRB- . On a scale of 1 - 10 , 1 being poor , and 10 best , I rate this product a 10 !
 When I got these shoes I thought they were great . I put them on and they had great room for the toes and also felt great on the feet . I got the green one and the green color looked alot better in person than on the website . I loved the color!The only thing I see wrong with these shoes is the paint or what ever it is starts to come off very quickly where your laces are in the middle . Another thing is on the back the thing that says 3N2 peels right off and does n't stay on . I do like the product but there needs to be something done about these problems !
 I like the shoes . They fit great and have great traction for the road .
 My husband loves these shoes . I got him one in each color and they are long lasting and great quality . He wears dress shoes every day so having more than one pair really helps them last and last . They look great even after a year of wearing them in all weather . He will continue to wear these shoes as long as they are making them . He has had much more expensive shoes but did not like them as well nor did they last as well .
 I wear these everyday and I find them very comfortable . I have had them for almost a year and they are holding up pretty well . They have a bit of a funky texture on the upper and do n't take polish very well , but they are still very solid and look good .
 I 've been wearing this exact Executive Imperial Wingtip shoe for more than twenty years . They are extremely durable and still take a great shine for the entire life of the shoe . They break in quickly and run true to size .
 Initially , I thought shoes were a little tight -LRB- hard -RRB- and not flexible . I put them on before the game , and before playing , I thought it would take some effort to break in . Maybe wear them around the house 2/3 times then decide to send back or work with them.Then , I put them on & practiced for an hour or two , and remembered that these may be the most comfortable softball shoe that I have worn over the last 5 - 10 years.This is my second or third pair of the same 3N2 shoes . I purchased from different companies . Shoes are soft , comfortable , flexible , with high top , -LRB- the way I like them for extra support -RRB- a little wide -LRB- good for me because I prefer the wide shoe -RRB- . On a scale of 1 - 10 , 1 being poor , and 10 best , I rate this product a 10 !
 When I got these shoes I thought they were great . I put them on and they had great room for the toes and also felt great on the feet . I got the green one and the green color looked alot better in person than on the website . I loved the color!The only thing I see wrong with these shoes is the paint or what ever it is starts to come off very quickly where your laces are in the middle . Another thing is on the back the thing that says 3N2 peels right off and does n't stay on . I do like the product but there needs to be something done about these problems !
 These sandals are my daily wear . They are excellent . I bought two of these one in black and one in pearl white . Love them .
 Initially , I thought shoes were a little tight -LRB- hard -RRB- and not flexible . I put them on before the game , and before playing , I thought it would take some effort to break in . Maybe wear them around the house 2/3 times then decide to send back or work with them.Then , I put them on & practiced for an hour or two , and remembered that these may be the most comfortable softball shoe that I have worn over the last 5 - 10 years.This is my second or third pair of the same 3N2 shoes . I purchased from different companies . Shoes are soft , comfortable , flexible , with high top , -LRB- the way I like them for extra support -RRB- a little wide -LRB- good for me because I prefer the wide shoe -RRB- . On a scale of 1 - 10 , 1 being poor , and 10 best , I rate this product a 10 !
 When I got these shoes I thought they were great . I put them on and they had great room for the toes and also felt great on the feet . I got the green one and the green color looked alot better in person than on the website . I loved the color!The only thing I see wrong with these shoes is the paint or what ever it is starts to come off very quickly where your laces are in the middle . Another thing is on the back the thing that says 3N2 peels right off and does n't stay on . I do like the product but there needs to be something done about these problems !
 The shoe was one half size too short even though others said the shoe was fairly true to fit . No big deal , however . I packaged them in the box and used the Eastbay `` Smart Return '' label that came with the box . If you have any problem with the shoes , send them back and Eastbay will handle the transaction for you for a mere $ 6.50 return fee . They do NOT tell you that the return may take up to THREE weeks to process without any idea of a return date . The original shipment was fine . The return was awful so far . I returned them on 4-6 and on 4-8 they left Greensboro , NC . That 's all I can tell you . That 's all Eastbay can say other than `` I just answer the phone and I have been told to tell customers who use the Smart Label -LRB- or whatever it is called -RRB- that it may take 3 weeks to get here . '' There may be instances of slow service by USPS , but I have NEVER encounted that type of delay . Eastbay essentially says tough and that 's it . This is a quick review of an unsettled issue . When the process is over , if at all , I 'll let you know more . JudyToday is the 19th and Eastbay does not know anything about the shoes . The Postal Service -LRB- contradiction of terms ? -RRB- knows nothing even though they have a tracking number provided by Eastbay . Amazon , on the otherhand , has come to the rescue or at least they have tried to help unlike Eastbay and our wonderful USPS . My resolve
 Please be advised that this particular style runs about a 1/2 size small . For example if you wear a size 9 and you 'll need a size 9 1/2 , especially if you 're planning to wear sock with them . Otherwise , they 're a great looking shoe and you ca n't beat the price .
 THE SHOES WERE GREAT , IT IS HARD TO BUY SHOES ONLINE THAT REALLY FIT , BUT THESE WERE GREAT . I HOPE YOU HAVE MORE , BECAUSE I WILL SHOP WITH YOU AGAIN . THANK YOU SO MUCH .
 so easy to order on line when it was impossible to find at a store !
 This bag is designed well to fit your cellphone , keys , and whatever you need . It is versatile
 Have wanted one of these since I was a little girl . It looks wonderful at a distance . I should have paid more as this one is kind of `` cheesy '' . For the price , it is `` carry-able '' , although you will have to rely on your man 's pockets if you want to take much of anything needed with you .
 Love it !!!!! I really love this bag . Great price -LRB- well , I got it when it was on sale -RRB- . I think the price has gone up now . Anyway , it is lovely and good quality . Fits a cell phone , a small wallet & keys and they are comfortable . I recommend .
 I 've bought this shoes here in amazone.com because they are sold out in Germany !! In February I was in the adidas outlet store in Herzogenaurach here in Germany . There were a lot of shoes , also these shoes . But in the wrong size . I must have these shoes !! So i looked everywere in the internet , no one have these shoes . A few weeks later i 've seen the shoes here in amazon.com ... Immediately I bought the shoes . Yesterday I got the shoes and I 'm so happy now.Very nice shoes in best leather and excellent quality.Everybody will have a lot of fun with these shoes and reach best goals !!
 I bought my first pair of Quarky 's -LRB- in bubblegum pink , which I picked from a selection including only lime green , banana yellow , and the pink -RRB- 5 years ago . I was told they were gardening shoes ; no difference to me , I have no ability to stand on cement for more than 5 minutes without spending the balance of the day walking crookedly . These shoes were and remain REALLY COMFORTABLE ... no kidding , they are so comfortable , weigh little , are waterproof , and do n't look like rubber -LRB- which I think that they are -RRB- . I just bought a second pair in black -LRB- having finally wearied of strangers eyeballing my feet in the pink ones . -RRB- Others have commented on the squeak ; yep , these new ones are a little squeaky , and I do n't recall that the others ever were . Maybe they were , and I 've just to wear them in . At any rate , these are super shoes , and very comfortable ; I am an educator and spend hours and hours on my feet in lecture halls . They 're great !! If I had a need to enter a room without being noticed , I suppose that I 'd slip them off . : -RRB-
 I had these in white for a job 10 years ago , and actually still have them . I decided to get black this time , and I , too , had trouble with the squeaking . The baby powder under the insole trick is magic . I only had to do it once and there has been no more squeaking at all . I am a veterinary technician and wear these shoes all day , and also on a 30 min walk on my break . They are so comfortable ! A bonus for me is they are also bleach proof . I use a lot of bleach and my leather shoes showed it . I can drop straight bleach on these and there 's no mark at all , amazing ! Got rid of my $ 100 + shoes and am definitely keeping these .
 I love these shoes . Been wearing them for 10 years but for some reason this pair is super squeaky when I barely move in them . Still very comfy though :-RRB- .
 These are the fourth pair I 've purchased . If they ever stop making them I 'll have to go barefoot , they fit me like a glove and I love it that they 're so lightweight .
 I 'm on my third pair of these and still could n't be happier with them . They 're incredibly lightweight and comfortable . There 's a reason why they 're so popular with people who are on their feet a lot . Like other purchasers have noted , they can be more than a little squeaky . But for a quick fix , all you have to do is remove the insert of the shoe and dust it with baby powder on the bottom before replacing it in the shoe . This will greatly reduc , e if not eliminate any friction which is the cause of the squeaking sound .
 I use my Quarks as barn shoes . They 're fantastic . VERY light and water tight . I bought and returned several other types online before finding these . Wonderful discovery .
 These came a bit more narrow than the first pair I had bought 10 years ago -LRB- which I am still wearing ! -RRB- but very comfortable still . They last forever and are light as a feather !
 My -LSB- ... -RSB- daughter has a narrow foot and it is hard to find a good fitting athletic shoe for her . But this is the second time she has had this Stride Rite , and it is a perfect fit ! We will buy a third time if it is still available.Suzanne , Tacoma , WA
 I bought a pair of these almost 2 years ago , and they 're still just about the only shoes I wear . They 're -LRB- obviously -RRB- durable , and extremely comfortable right out of the box . Sizing chart seems pretty accurate - I wear a US 12 , and the 46 fits perfectly . I 've worn them all over the US , but like most SUV 's sold here , they spend 90 % of their time in civilized environs . Worn most often trudging around the streets of NY , which has probably been their greatest test of waterproofness . Only one shortcoming for urban wearers
 Zapatos de linea cl&aacute;sica , deportivos , ideales para el d&iacute;a a d&iacute;a , de extrema calidad . Super r&aacute;pido el envio al casillero en Miami . Compra desde Venezuela
 Producto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % bueno
 I gave this snikers to my 15 year-old son and he loved . It has a juvenile color and it can use it daily , are confortables , the color is durable . Their friends have liked it . I recommend it
 muy buen producto y muy buen vendedor , todo me salio como yo esperava y hasta ahora todo esta muy bien .
 Very good sneakers , the most comfortable ever . And also one of the cheapest ! I 'd like to try some of the new Converse models
 Bought these for him and he enjoyed them . Very flexible and easy on your feet . I own a pair of these myself , and although the sole can get scuffed very easily , it 's still a great shoe in regards to running or when you need black shoes for your outfit . Runs a half size bigger than usual so know your size before you order onlinel
 Bought the book as a gift and the receiver loved it . The item came quickly and as described , great deal .
 These were a gift greatfully received as they are hard to find in larger sizes . Thank goodness of internet shopping .
 An all year kind of sneaker shoe that can be worn from all . Really comfort for every day use . There is a wide variety of colours which can cover all needs
 I bought these for my eleven year old . She loves these , so , I do n't really know how conforable they are because she really cares more about how they look . The price was the same as other vendors . It was just easy to order on-line .
 I have always loved chucks , they are a classic . If you need more support in the arch , you can always add an arch support or insert . For me , they run true to size . A half size smaller is to narrow , since they run narrow in the toe anyway . I have wide feet , so if your feet are narrow , maybe this would not apply to you .
 I would wear Converse every day if I could - they are sooooo comfortable ! They run big , which is good because it helps offset the fact that they are also a bit on the narrow side . But my wide feet have no problem with them . They come in a great variety of colors and patterns , and I have quite a few of them , both hi-tops and low-tops . I love 'em all ... and would buy more if I had the money ! Speaking of which , that 's the one downside to Converse - the cost . You pay for the name . But you can always watch for a good sale ...
 The Converse All-Star is a great looking shoe . The only problem is that they run big in size . Ex . If you wear a men 's 10 1/2 you probably should order a 9 1/2 or 10 . Otherwise you might feel like you 're wearing clown shoes .
 I am in my upper 40 's and shoe comfort is a must . I paired my Chucks with a pair of Sof Sole insoles and they are soooo comfy . I have not tried to run in them or walk a marathon . Not sure I want to take that risk . I boughy my insoles from Sports Authority for $ 15 . They are the gel ones that are super thin .
 this item i had ordered was for my teenage son it was one of the few places i was able to find this on line he was happy i was happy the order was quickly filled 5 stars thank you amazonsincerly bethConverse Chuck Taylor All Star Hi Top Black Canvas
 My shoes arrived in record time , and look just great . I love the fact that they are all black . I have a thing about all black clothing , and these fit the bill . They are extremely comfortable and durable . I have 8 -LRB- 9 if I count the pair that are on their way -RRB- pairs of Chucks and that is because they are great shoes with a unique style . You will love them , too .
 These shoes look amazing . They are definitely legit Chuck Taylors . They are worth every penny .
 arrived in a timely matter and in great conditionpurchased it for a great price in comparison to other sellers
 I absolutely love the style of Chucks but my one piece of advise is to wear thicker socks if you want comfort .
 `` Chucks '' are the only shoes that have ever existed . Ever since 1923 , Chuck Taylor All-Stars have been `` just a piece of rubber and canvas '' - they have n't changed one bit from the sands of time . These shoes are devilishly simple , and customizable in every way . Everyone may be wearing Chucks these days , but you can still make them your own . There are so many ways - what color would you like ? One of the core colors - black and white ? Monochrome black ? White ? Red ? Green ? Blue ? Pink ? How about the latest pattern or print ? Every year Converse also pumps out new seasonal colors , and different styles such as double-tongued shoes , `` tear-aways '' , faded looking ones , everything . You can buy different color laces or you can go crazy with a Sharpie and draw up some art all over your shoes . And for something seemingly so flimsy , they 're pretty durable . My shoes have withstood countless running and hitting the asphalt , games of soccer , basketball , jumping from everywhere , the basic abuse a teen can dish out to his feet . Granted , they may not be too comfortable at first , but once your feet gets used to them , well , you do n't even notice you 're wearing them anymore . Nevertheless , it does have some setbacks , but if you look at modern shoes , you can see the differences in design . But for something from over 3/4 of a century ago , you 've got to admit they 're pretty darn impressive . The skinny : PROS-customizable in any way - laces can be easily replaced and be done up in any pattern you wish-look great with anything and everything ; the unisex casual sneaker that will even draw you the occasional compliment from coworkers or friends.-lightweight compared to most shoes of today-so many colors - from your basic core colors -LRB- black , red , green , blue , white , or pink -RRB- to different designs -LRB- 60s tie dye , camo , skulls , flames , etc. -RRB- - also different kinds of shoes - from the classics to the newer double uppers , tear-aways -LRB- shoes with two layers of canvas , and some parts are already torn away to show the brighter underlayer -RRB- , double-tongued , and also DIFFERENT MATERIALS like leather or suede.CONS-the color fades ; especially in the harsh sun . My navy blue Taylors have been bleached to the color of very faded blue denim.-the rubber parts of the shoe can get dirty rather quickly , but are easily cleanable.-overall the shoe is pretty comfortable , but not recommended for prolonged running or a whole day on the boardwalk . It depends a lot on the shape of your foot - if your feet are flat , you 'll find that these shoes are a match made in heaven . Otherwise you may have some issues , but not so bad they 're unwearable.-I do n't know what it is about it , but they make your feet look bigger than they really are.-NOT TO BE USED AS A SKATE SHOE . Converse shoes are made from canvas , which wo n't give you any mercy from runaway boards , and they do NOT have adequate cushioning on the top , bottom , or sides for such an activity.NOTE
 I got a pair of yellow low-tops for Christmas last year and I LOVE THEM !!! They 're about to get holes in them because I wear them so much , and I 'm trying to pick out what color I should get . There 's so much to love about these shoes . There 's like 25 colors to pick from , so there is the oppourtunity to have a piar for EVERY SINGLE OUTFIT . Or , you can wear just one pair , like I do , and mine go with everything . These shoes are breathable , unlike tennis shoes , so your feet do n't get all sweaty , which is nice too . These shoes are quite flat inside , but there 's nothing that an insert ca n't fix . THESE SHOES ARE THE BEST !!!
 I originally bought these to finish off my Tenth Doctor costume , but they 're actually really nice shoes . I wear them often and they are quite comfortable . The only complaint I have is that the colored band on the sole has started to come up on one of them ... It is n't glued to the shoe very well . But for what I paid for them , I 'm willing to let that slide .
 These shoes are fun cause you can wear them different ways . I like to fold them down and only lace them halfway . These shoes are great and they fit awesome , which I understand is a problem with some Converse shoes that are unisex . I am a size 9 in women 's and I got a size 7 in men 's and they fit great . Definitely want them in more colors , but the black is good with everything . Great casual shoe !
 hella cool chucks . . theyre not cheap , good quality . . i was satisfied and so would you be ... one minor problem is that purple passion -LRB- which is the one i ordered -RRB- wasnt the exact color as the one shown ... but its still cool !! i love them
 After searching the malls for authentic Chuck Taylor Kelly Green Hi-tops , with no luck , I wised up and went to the -LSB- ... -RSB- web site , where I not only found Kelly Green Hi-tops for my son , I also used their unique design your own shoes feature , to design a pair of custom high tops just for me . We are both thrilled with our finds . Chuck Taylor 's are the shoe of choice in our household , I even got my conservative , old school hubby into a pair of Chuck Taylor leather Hi-tops .
 Chuck Taylor Converse All-Star shoes are , by far , the best shoes you could ever have the pleasure of slipping your feet into each day ! I own three high rise -LRB- black , pink , orange -RRB- , and two low rise -LRB- green , red -RRB- , and if you are in indecision about getting a pair , GET THEM ! Whether you get the All-Stars or the skateboard style , you will NOT regret your decision ! You can see them all at www.conversegallery.com , so check it out ! These shoes are incredibly durable , and provide comfortable ankle support , making it easy to move aroung as fast as you want ; you have to keep up with the shoes , not vice versa ! These are basketball shoes , so they are great for running , basketball , soccer , and sport you could think of ! Or , they could be just casual shoes . Another wonderful feature is that they are uni-sex , so guys and girls can wear them ! Converse All-Stars RULE !
 My son wanted either red or green Chuck Taylors which are fairly difficult to find . The shoes I bought arrived quickly , were good quality , and were priced very reasonably .
 A shoe that barely qualifies as such , which is what I wanted by the way . This is one of the best shoes for drumming I 've ever worn . They 're light , comfortable , the soles are so thin you can really feel the pedals , yet they 're thick enough to give you protection . Anyone who 's ever drummed in bare feet will know what I 'm talking about . They almost feel like slippers and more importantly look cool especially if you 're wearing a black leather jacket , blue jeans , t-shirt and your name is `` something '' Ramone .
 These arrived much faster than they said they would . Because they are a gift I was pleased by the early arrival.They are exactly what I was looking for .
 I ordered these shoes for a wedding , yeah I know , and paid the extra twenty bucks to have them shipped 2day air . They went from the East coast to the Midwest , and were five miles from my house on Friday , but UPS charges extra to deliver on Saturday . If I had known there would be an extra charge , I would have paid it , but was n't given the option . The shoes arrived on Monday , the day after the wedding . I emailed the company to voice my displeasure , and was informed that I actually received them before I was supposed to ! My advice , great shoes , great prices , just make sure you plan ahead .
 Lamentablemente , A&uacute;n no he recibido el producto que compr&eacute; . Todav&iacute;a estoy esperando respuesta del vendedor . Agradezco hacer lo APROPIADO a fin de saber & iquest ; Qu&eacute; pas&oacute; ? . Muchas gracias .
 The ordering process was easy . The wait was not long . The product was perfect !!!
 What can I say?I love this shoe , there awesome.They made me feel like I was walking on air everytime , I really want another pair of this great shoes.I love them so much , I might just buy 2 pairs lol .
 If you 're into the retro stuff , this really is a great pair of sneakers . People forget how comfy they wear and despite what your friends may think , they do actually still look pretty good with almost any jeans/combats . Whether it 's the hi-tops or this nifty pair , you just ca n't go wrong for $ 30 .
 i love these shoes . i ware them alot . i have three pairs red black and royal blue . one bad thing about them is you can not get shoelaces for them in the stores . i had to get them offline .
 They 're Chucks , what more needs to be said . There is a reason they are still around after all these years .
 The black Chuck Taylor 's are a must have classic for the shoe lover . I own two pairs of them myself , and would never buy anyother shoe . Why ? They 're so comfortable and match EVERYTHING !
 Do what they 're advertised to . I also agree with other reviewers , order a size bigger to ensure proper fit . All in all , come on they 're Chucks !!
 I love my converse ! You should get some too . I love theway they look and smell when they are brand new ! They come in allKind of colors and you can make your own . they have lasted on theMarket since 1935 ! You need to run and your own pair right now !
 This item was a gift . It was received in time for Christmas 2011 . received in great condition . The shoes are super comfortable and very stylish . Great buy ! 2 thumbs up !
 I wear these shoes every day and they are great . Love the colors . Only gripe is that the glue is wearing out around the toes and the rubber is separating from the canvas . Also , do n't wear these shoes on a cold day because your feet will freeze . Other than that , ca n't go wrong with a pair of Chucks .
 My daughter found these at a major department store , the last pair they had and the clerk went to check the sizes and had one 6 and one 8 so she checked other stores and we could not get any . I came home and looked them up and they were basically the same price and they were sent to my door . Now for a dance team she needs another pair and I will just order them from here , so easy ! Thanks !
 My son absolutely loves these shoes ! Great quality , great price , great color , awesome shoe . We are very happy with our purchase !
 Thank you for excellent service and quick shipping . Even with shipping it cost me less for these shoes than atmy local mall .
 I got the shoes well before the date they were expected . Ca n't ask for better service !
 Ordered these online . The first time they arrived we realized we had ordered them a size smaller than we needed . The return process was clear and simple - we mailed them back at no cost and were refunded the entire balance . We ordered the correct pair and received those in just a few days . They arrived in great condition , the right price , the right product , and in the right amount of time . No complaints , only praise for this vendor . Great job .
 A classic shoe and still my favorite after all these years . Ca n't beat the price either with what sneakers cost these days . I no longer use my CTs for working out , exercise , aerobics , running or anything like that and would n't recommend that anybody else do so either . The cushioning is the same as it used to be back in the day , which is to say there is none . But for everyday walking , hanging out around the house , or indulging in a little retro fun these really are great shoes .
 I have been a fan of Converse since the day I saw Will Smith unpack a brand new pair in the movie iRobot . I wanted one for myself , where else amazon is the best place to buy . The Product price is very affordable except the shipping and handling costs . They are a bit high to Sri Lanka . Would be great if they are low too .
 In my opinion those are very good looking and comfortable shoes . And it is a good price too .
 The shoes arrived at the earliest date promised , just in time for their use in a break dance performance .
 These were ordered as a gift in a size 12 . Yes , they had them . The came beautifuly wrapped and arrived within a few days from order . Yes , I waited until the last min to order and they arrived just in time for Holidays . Reasonable and I did n't have to leave my home . Perfect for basketball ! They were well received ! Now , my daughter wants a pair . Love Amazon !
 I love these shoes . Durable , dependable , flexible . I use a different pair for winter weather but for every other season converses always fit .
 Got these for Christmas yesterday and absolutely love them ! I had a pair of Converse that I wore until they had holes in the heels . These are my replacements . Comfy , reasonably priced , look great on .
 We received the sneakers rapidly . They were just what we ordered and at a better price than I could find in the store .
 Already have Chucks in white , which I wore for the b-ball team in high school ... yeah , when Chucks were the shoes to be wearin ' !! Decided to re-live days of Sandlot Black PF Flyers with the magic wedge , make you run faster , jump higher ! But when I got them , they were about a 1/3 size too small and the shoes felt uneven -LRB- one bigger than the other , both still tight -RRB- . Thought I could wear them in and could n't . Chalked up to a loss . Paid less for black Chucks and they fit true to size ! Love these black Chucks ! GREAT PURCHASE !! Wonder what the difference is in the monochrome black . Anyone know ?
 I love these shoes ! I did n't have too wait long . My hubby wants some too = -RRB-
 Who does n't love a good pair of Chuck Taylors ? My manfriend and I are huge fans , so I scooped him up this blacked-out pair for work -LRB- he is a bartender -RRB- . Not only do they look good , but they are holding up magnificently , showing little signs of age , despite all the mixers , juice , and other bar sludge that they see on a regular basis . And because of the canvas , if they do start to smell like the floor of the bar , in the washer they go ! Pricing and delivery on these bad boys was on point and I would not hesitate to get another pair from this distributor again.And , if you do not own a pair of Chucks , get on the wagon and buy a product created in the USA , my friend .
 I Like this Converse Shoes . They are very nice . I will buy again when the need comes . Get it , you will not be disapointed .
 I got them today around the time they said they would be here . The shoes were in great condition inside the box and they were just what I expected to be . I 'm very satisfied with my purchase . I would order from them again .
 I 'm really happy with these Chucks . Seller sent them in perfect condition a couple days before expected . Good Price . Good Purchase . Good Day !
 Shipping was way fast , this is my 5th pair of Chucks the black on black is slick , they breath better than any other shoe ive ever owned and it definitely wont be my last pair .
 These shoes are a total classic . My son wanted these because they 're the same ones David Tenant wears in Dr. Who . Now I need to order another pair because he wears them exclusively . I would recommend these to anyone wanting a stylish and comfortable everyday shoe .
 I like the retro style of these shoes , very well made and a decent price . I wish the tongue of the show was wider and did not slide around as much .
 Great old school shoes for summer ! They are fun to wear and I get a lot of positive responses from people .
 A great product which i like very much and like all the different styles and colours and different textures and prices
 I really like these shoes . I 've been wearing store brand knock-offs for ages and I finally got a pair of proper all-stars and I 'm so freakin ' happy . They 're more flexible and comfortable than I expected and I 'd say these are comfortable enough to jog in - if I every jogged :P . But yeah , great shoes , and for this price they 're totally worth it.I feel like Dwight from Sin City when I wear these xD .
 It 's a Chuck Taylor through and through . Not much support but I do n't care . These were for my son and he wears a custom orthotic anyway . So we just dropped it in and he was good to go . He wore these with his tux for the prom . He was stylin ' and comfortable . I do recommend going up 1/2 size if you have narrow feet and a full size if you have a medium width because they run a bit short .
 These shoes , Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Hi Top are the ones that I 've looked for all my life.They are extremely comfortable , well made , fit just right , keep you warm in cold weather and cool in the summer . I could n't be happier with this purchase . Please , follow the advice stated in the link regarding women 's and men 's zises.This is very important.Don ' t get confused with other brands or models . I wish they 'd come in different colors , I 'd get one of each .
 I got a pair of converse shoes for Christmas almost 3 years ago , and I have been wearing these shoes almost ever since . They feel comfortable , they look good , and they have hardly any wear on them after 3 years . As a matter of fact , I have them on right now as i am writing this review . . I 'm thinking about buying another pair in a different color just because i love them so much .
