 The Eurorack was purchased as a portable mixer to tie mics into a camera . The inherent noise in my particular mixer is completely unacceptable . At a very reasonable level using balanced connections the mixer unmistakably colors the sound with a clear sounding `` HISS '' . Even when running on batteries and far away from any electronic device the HISS is incredibly loud ! Totally unacceptable for my purpose . The unit is now stashed away in a closet , a washed up waste of time!However for those on a budget who desire much greater quality with fewer inputs I HIGHLY recommend a Mackie 402-VLZ3 Four-Channel Compact Audio Mixer . However sometimes fewer inputs are unacceptable . Whatever the case steer clear from behringer !
 I purchased this unit for its battery powered portable usage . It fails miserably as it produces so much hiss it is unusable . I mean it is poor with a captital P.The phantom power does not work when in battery mode , nor does the clipping LED 's . Keep on looking if you want portability .
 I bought these little rubber mallets for my glockenspeil , it was a bad idea . The sound is muted and they do not work , stick with conventional plastic or wood .
 I do n't get it . I love this band and have turned numerous friends on to them . All have been impressed , but their DVDs blow ! Almost unwatchable due to there is seldom more than 3 seconds and typically 1 to 1 1/2 seconds of viewing without a camera angle change or change to somewhere else on stage . No continuity whatsoever ! Dizzying and not in a good way . I was so excited to watch this . Bought both of the DVDs and watched each to about the 5th song before stopping in complete dissappointment . Watch and judge for yourself , but I became quite sour on these guys due to this , though I love their music and I 'm sure this feeling will subside , but the DVDs are in the trash . There is ZERO opportunity to `` get in to the song '' with all of the viewing changes . There are so many awesome live concert videos available from numerous bands , but PT DVDs are NOT them ! Sorry PT fans , but you must have received different DVDs than I . But do go and buy ALL of their CDs . Great Band !
 I 've had this amp for a few years and have been satisfied for most of the time , but it just quit working so ... now not so happy.I 'm actually on my second one because the first one I received only worked for a week before failing . It was replaced under warranty and the second model worked fine for a few years.I 've been using it to power several sets of speakers throughout the house . I recently moved some components around and after plugging everything back up the amp no longer worked . I checked the fuse and it was blown , so I replaced it but the new fuse blows as soon as I turn the amp on even though I do n't have any inputs or speakers connected.So , now I 'm shopping for a new amp .
 Very disappointed with this amp . It has an auto shut off , which is a cool feature . However it randomly shuts off while in use . VERY frustrating .
 The amp arrived and looked great for a refurbished unit . The price could not be beat . However my unit only ran for about ten minutes before the circuits began shutting off and on . So I let J&R Music World know about the problem and was told to return it at their cost . I received an emailed ups label and dropped it off to go out next day . I got a fast response from J&R and a proper credit was made . So although I did n't get a working amplifier , I did get the kind of service that would allow me to shop with confidence on Amazon.com .
 My GF bought this amp as a present for me , and now she 's very unhappy . We opened the shipping box , which was 5 times the size needed , removed the amp and hooked it up . We could n't get it to do anything advertised ! Nothing hooked up to it produced any sound . Only the green `` ON '' light and the red speaker lights worked . I called the 800 number for tech support at the mfgr . of this AudiolessSource Amp 100 , and , after the normal recorded voice menu , when transferred , the phone just rang and rang . No support or customer service !! It went back today !!
 I ordered this item on November 23rd . 2010 . Through his website . It was was installed as additional power to boost sound and cut-out from two sets of speakers connected to it -LRB- via wall mounted volume controls -RRB- . -LRB- Kitchen and master bath ceiling mounts -RRB- The main amp is/was a DENON AVR-788 receiver.This unit arrived on November 30th . It was brand new . It looked great and hookup was a cinch . It had some heft to it and did n't seem too cheap at all.Today , I turned the unit on and went in the kitchen to start some Christmas baking.The ceiling speakers cut out . Gosh . I said , `` what gives ? '' and I headed to the media closet to see what was up.Low and behold the audiosource AMP-100 was `` up in smoke '' I mean smoking and cooking and smelling and about to burst into flames.I immediately turned off the power , and while I was scrambling to disconnect the speakers and unplug it . It kept smoking more . And not just a little.This thing is DANGEROUS . And a huge fire hazzard.I am sending it to UL and contacting Consumer Reports.I spoke with Tom O'mara , Audiosources ' President . He apologized , and is refunding my money . I still feel I need to warn others of this dangerous product.He says , `` This is rare , '' and is having his in stock units tested . I suggest he start thinking recall.Anyway , this could have been a major catastrophe . If I had gone to shovel the front walk before baking , I 'm certain my house would have caught fire.The night before , I was watching a Bond DVD , and fell asleep on couch . Thank god it did n't burn up then.There are tons of scenarios that could have made this poorly made unit a disaster for me and my family . When I say this unit was minutes or seconds from bursting into flames , I mean it.I suggest you buy this unit at your own risk . What stinks is this would have been the perfect solution for me too . Had it not caught fire , I 'm sure I would have loved it.By the way , no , the master fuse never tripped . The fuse remains intact . !!! UPDATE !!!! Since this post : I received a full refund from Tom Omeara , directly.I have not yet sent the burned AMP 100 to UL.While I was in the hospital for some major surgery . -LRB- 12/15-12 / 20 -RRB- Audiosource sent me an AMP 110 . It appears it has been opened and presumably tested . I have not had the opportunity to consider installing it.Because , now my Denon AVR788 , is fried as well . After the burn , -LRB- and before I went into the hospital -RRB- I hooked everything up as it was before the burn . A simple 5.1 system.After , VERY light use , The speakers cut out and sounded like the subwoofer was playing through all the speakers . This happens on ALL sources.I removed the DENON AVR788 , from my media closet . Set it on the kitchen counter with one single center speaker attached , and an FM antenna . Sure enough , it will work for a minute or two now before it cuts out . Horrible.I am now taking BOTH the burned AMP-100 , and the DENON to the repair shop . I have informed Tom Omeara that I am holding Audiosource responsible unless this third party independent repair specialist , assures my that is not the case.Until I am convinced I wo n't need the AMP100 for my own legal fight , -LRB- ie replacing my Denon , reimbursing my expenses -RRB- I need to hang onto it . Then I will send it along to UL.I have had numerous conversations with Tom Omeara regarding this issue , he seems to be quite responsive . Albeit I wish this was not a issue at all.I sure would have been nice to watch DVDs / TV etc. during my recuperation . This whole thing has turned into one major PITA . Now I 'm lugging heavy units around to repair specialists etc.Shopping for new units.Again , thanks for the PITA , Tom .
 In general , I like the product specs , but getting it home and using it is a different story . The auto-off feature makes it useless.I used it as a second amplifier for streaming music . The sound quality is nice , but it clicks off when the volume drops low . This means you often miss the beginning and ends of songs -LRB- most songs have points of low volume -RRB- and in some cases , bits of the middle . I was so embarrassed when I had people over and the music kept switching off and on , making loud clicks in the process.This first issue is a show stopper for me and caused me to buy a different receiver -LRB- Teac AG-790A -RRB- . However it also has a second flaw
 I purchased this amp based on the great customer reviews . It is the most frustrating piece of musical equipment I have ever worked with . I do alot of recording and it 's impossible due to the fact that the amp does not turn on until there is a signal sent to it , therefore you never hear the first few beats of a song when you press play . It sucks . What a waste of $ 100 . I guess I should have splurged on a higher quality amp .
 Dont buy this if you want good sound and power ! worthless to me for my use ! Did n't work worth a DAMN !
 Upon the third use , I started having the same problem as all the other 1-star people . The problem is with the auto input line sensing circuitry . Even with the auto-sensing switch in manual , the auto-sensing circuitry engages and disengages after every dynamic passage on a center channel home theater setup . When it engages and disengages the sound coming from the speaker connected to the amp also engages and disengages . I just ordered the Niles Audio SI-2125 to replace this piece of junk . Thanks Amazon for picking up the return shipping !
 I wanted to like it . The amp sounds good but it popped horribly every time it was turned on . It would also pop anytime anything else on the same circuit was powered on . Ended up returning it before it had the chance to blow my speakers .
 Works , but nasty click from the speakers when power on or off . What is the point of auto-on if you have to walk up to the box to turn up the volume afterwards ? Company phone rings forever , so support is non existant . At least this amplifier is cheap , but of course there is a reason .
 This amplifier is a good enough design aesthetically for me . Also the amplification provided is enough for my casual use -LRB- hooking up computer or TV to in-wall speakers , indoors and backyard -RRB- . I am not an audiophile so if the sound quality is not as true to source , it does n't bother me -LRB- in other words I ca n't tell the difference mostly -RRB- . Given all that , I was really hoping for this to work out for me - as I am just not comfortable spending significantly more on a simple amplifier that suits my need . But it did n't work out . I ordered it , and right out the box only half the output worked -LRB- I think it 's called channel -RRB- . So whether I had speaker A or B selected , only my left speaker -LRB- say -RRB- would work not the right . I tried to play around to see if the problem was my input , but no it was the amplifier . I was able to hook two speakers by using a common Red connection -LRB- the one side that was working -RRB- while taking the black separately -LRB- which was working on both sides -RRB- . Just as a test , not that I was going to use it like that.I called customer service with a hope that there might be an easy fix . They were great . Within the first couple of minutes they recommended me to just send it back and get a replacement . I would rate their customer service 5 stars , but on this review I want to stay true to spirit and only rate the product - which is a 1 star in my opinion.Needless to say I did n't exchange the product , but simply sent back to Amazon for a refund . I 'll keep looking to find an acceptable solution elsewhere .
 It 's a bummer as initially it worked amazingly well . Started to short out and ultimately failed quickly . Looking for a replacement and am not sure what that will be .
 This amp is absolute junk . I am the Technology Coordinator for a small mid western school district . We bought this amp -LRB- actually , we bought 9 of them -RRB- from our local AV supplier for use in the classroom . They are hooked to a DVD/VCR player and a pair of small Dual brand speakers . Nothing fancy.After less than a year of use I now have three of them that do n't work properly . Two of them have the sound cut out intermittently and one has a loud hum through the speakers whenever the unit is turned on . I was told by the AV supplier to make sure nothing was sitting on top of them because the weight would cause them to short out . For the record , nothing has sat on top of any of these amps since we got them , but I do n't think that says too much for the robustness of this product when you ca n't set anything on top of it . Have you ever seen a stereo cabinet where components were n't stacked?Bottom line
 After setting up and testing for about 24 hours over a period of a week , it went up in smoke ! . I hate to think what would have happened if I had n't been there . In this age this should NEVER happen !
 purchased two of these . one unit worked good for about an hour the static electricity made it go up in flames . the second unit will only produce sound from the left or right channel at different levels . it will not balance out even with the balance nob .
 This product had great potential and it does everything promised as long as you only use 1 source and you attach it to the LINE2 input . LINE2 is the default input meaning whenever there is n't any signal on LINE1 the unit instantly switches back to LINE2 . The issue is with the `` instant '' result . When I play a DVD movie through LINE1 the AMP100 annoyingly switches back to LINE2 every time the audio goes quiet - even in between dialog . The switch makes a discernible `` click '' and usually does not return back to LINE1 right away so some of the audio you hope to hear is lost . Same issue with music tracks - during quiet passages the AMP100 switches back to line1 and if there is anything playing on LINE1 your other audio source starts chopping in and out . I have two AMP100 's and they both operate this way . I spoke with Audio Source tech support and they acknowledged this shortcoming and tried to push me to buy the AMP200 which apparently has a time delay that prevents this undesired chopping of content that is connected to LINE1 . They do n't even provide a switch on the front panel to manually switch LINES , you have to unplug your cables to take control.Otherwise a great product . It powers down nicely when no signal is sensed .
 I bought the AudioSource Amp 100 to replace a 30-year-old Harmam-Kardon that had died - I used it to make cassette copies of old phonograph records . The Amp100 does accept the signal from my turntable and pre-amp and puts the sound on the speakers , proving that there was nothing wrong with my system but the dead stereo amplifier . However , although the Amp 100 clearly has stereo output jacks , the signal there will not provide anything useful to the cassette deck . Way down in the fine print of the instructions I discovered that this `` output '' is referred to as a `` pass-through '' , which apparently means it is unamplified . Phooey !
 i purchased this amp as an add on for one of my customer 's home audio systems . i plugged it in and everything worked fine for a few minutes . i turned it off to add cables to the tv , and while it was off , it caught on fire ! the manufacturer says that was an amazing fluke . the store i bought it from has no more to replace it so they gave my money back . i found another one at a different store and purchased it . that was a month ago . now the website for the store is under construction , i have not recieved the amp , and they will not respond to phone calls or emails . i want my money back !
 This product is a waste of money , everything meaning quality is ZERO in this AudioSource product!I dispensed it !
 An annoying amount of hum and hiss comes from my speakers . The noise is still there without any inputs to the amplifier and it increases as I turn up the volume knob .
 i was wondering if anyone else who has purchased this amp is having the same problem as me . i am using an old advent 300 as the pre-amp . the souce is either a laptop or mp3 player . at the beginning of a song or when the music is slightly muted the amp kicks off , the music stops . it 's very irritating because it give the music a halting quality . when it 's picking up the music it sounds great ... but i ca n't listen to it when it 's doing this . i am not an audiphile so it maybe something in the setup but it seemed pretty straight forward . thanks for any input .
 This AMP is junk . First one burnt out within 2 weeks of running a pair of 8 '' Audiosource ceiling speakers . Audiosource seems good so far , replace the first bad unit . Got the second one , smoked the second day . Same scenario - running background music in small house.Potential fire hazard , as it not only blows the fuse , but also heats up and smokes inside.Look elsewhere .
 We have two reference systems in the home plus digital or analog over ethernet feeds to all of the other rooms . Speakers tend to be high end , source material ranges from digital music fed to dac 's or cd 's . I have two AudioSource 100 's , one in the kitchen driving Energy 's and one that drives a set of B&W ; 's on the porch.Totally devoid of musicality . This amp will kill any source signal you put in it . Compared to any amp we 've had in the past 40 years , this is the worst . The sound has nothing going for it , 0 energy , no low end , sounds like it compresses music , no soundstage , no rhythm , just plain boring .
 This would be a fine product except for the fact that it has this mechanism to cut sound output when the sound level falls below a certain threshold . There is a switch to turn off this `` feature '' but it does n't work . The result is that the sound always cuts off when your music volume gets low . It 's extremely irritating when you 're trying to listen to the soft parts of songs or when you do n't want to blast the output . I want control my volume via remote , buy I have to manually adjust the volume knob instead and when I do n't feel like cajoling the amp , I just let the music periodically cut out but get irritated every time it does . I would not recommend this product as a result of this problem .
 I went to turn the volume down and a static discharge from my fingers went right through the volume control knob and literally smoked it . Seems to me you should n't have to worry about electrostatic discharge ruining your equipment when turning a knob on the front of the unit ! Like maybe using plastic instead of metal knobs ?
 Oh , boy!Briefly , this item is just not worth your time or effort . It certainly is n't worth your money.I bought this for only one reason
 My old stereo amp was going to die , so I needed a replacement.All I need was a simple stereo amp and this product seemed to be the best fit with great price!Well , it has automatic power on/off function based on the input.So , when there 's no input , it turns off automatically to save power.The problem is , even if you turn off the function , it still works so basically it turns on and off all the time while I listen the music.It could have been a great one if it did not have this quality issue.I am returning the product .
 Buy a different amplifier ! I bought this because of the price and the output , but it has one feature that makes it so unbelievably annoying that I 'm glad to be rid of it . It has a gate on it that is suppose to automatically switch between inputs . The way its suppose to work is if you have two inputs it will automatically switch to the one carrying the signal . Instead of working the way it should it automatically shuts off once the input level gets low , causing a clicking that cuts out the quietest parts of your music . During a fade in or out it just cuts out ! If you 're constantly using a high output device this might work for you , but anything less and this amp is no good .
 I really liked the features of this unit . I use it to power some speakers in my back yard , and I feed it either with an iPod or an Airport Express so I can wireless send music from my laptop to the speakers in the back yard . The auto-off feature meant I could have the Amp in my garage and whenever the music stopped , it would turn off and I would n't have to worry about leaving it running . Seemed like a great solution.And it was . For about 18 months , when one day , it just stopped working . Lights come on as normal , looks functional , just does n't make any sound through either speaker.To check things out , I hooked up my old trusty Carver m100t amp -LRB- that 's almost 30 years old now -RRB- and my speakers , the ipod , the Airport Express worked fine.So you may be thinking , it 's only $ 99 . I can buy another one when it breaks . After all , it will probably cost over $ 100 to get it fixed.But it 's an amp . I should n't break . It should just keep working . There are n't enough parts to go wrong . Yet somehow , this one just died on its own . Kind of typical of the made in China stuff we keep seeing that only lasts 1-2 years.Very disappointed . -LRB- Oh , and when I bought it , it cost almost twice as much . So I 'm extra disappointed with the failure . -RRB-
 Wow , pinch me is it really 2011 and we still have consumer electronics catching fire ? Where is CE , UL , BS when you need them?Fortuitously I was next to the amp when the wisps of smoke started , followed by a crackling fire . The amp as spec ` ed is decent and worked fine - until it decided to self-combust . The real concern is that this is configured as an ` auto-on ' device , so it switches itself on when it receives an audio signal on the line-in
 I really wanted to like this amp . It was a great price point and it had A/B channel selecting . But it started smoking and sparking after second use and was toast . Thanks to Amazon for the hassle free return . I may purchase another one hoping this was just a defective unit . There are n't any other comparable amps for this price point.NOTE
 I have read all the reviews , before , and again after , since my unit crapped out ... It lasted 6 months , light use . The signal went out via a audio mixer with 3 pairs of ceiling speakers , never used all at once , maybe two pair , and it just crapped out after 6 months . The fuse was n't blown , the lights still came on , it just stopped working . I had my doubts on a $ 100 unit before hand and ummm and my doubts came true . I am looking at other brands now .
 The fuse blew within minutes of use , not sure what happened . I was running an out -LRB- non-powered -RRB- from my receiver to the AMP-100 playing my exterior speakers . Within about 25-30 minutes it stopped working . At first I thought it was my new receiver but later discovered that the Amp-100 blew a fuse . I replaced the fuse , but it still did n't work . Thankful Amazon 's return policy !
 The SE Electronics Reflexion Filter gives home and location recordists a decent amount of control over unwanted ambient sound in a compact package . At $ 150 - $ 175 this unit would be well worth it , but at $ 300 , I 'd like to see a more robust stand mount , slightly larger surface area and a better counter balanced approach to rigging . First the sound ... I use the Reflexion in my small project studio to help isolate soloists , mostly horns , on small combo jazz tracks . I do n't have a soundproof vocal booth - just a 13 ' x 25 ' open studio with moveable acoustic partitions for isolation . Typically , we record live jazz performances and run the upright bass , electric piano or guitars direct , plus a second channel for each instrument that 's mic 'd . Since drums are played in the same room , there was a problem with too much bleed into the sax or trumpet players mic . Vocals , of course , were even more problematic . By using the Reflexion , I 'm able to get much better isolation and clean up the tracks for superior control during mixdown . However , I find that one must also place a acoustic foam baffle behind the soloist to block reflected sound from behind the player/vocalist - the SE parabola just does n't knock it down far enough by itself . In a relatively small space , the Reflexion does n't block drum set sounds sufficiently , unless you surround the kit with additional foam barriers and/or plexiglass shields ... then the SE Electronics Reflexion can get you in the ball park for ambient control , and will slightly improve isolation on `` softer '' vocal tracks.It actually works better on stage , where the small parabolic surface does n't visually interfere with the musicians eye contact with other players and the audience as much as other devices would . Horn players do n't object to blowing into one of these units and it will surely improve live recordings in this situation.Finally , the `` C clamp '' mounting does n't hold the filter , rigging and most studio condenser mics that well - the unit tends to tilt and sag . More importantly , it is not a well-balanced device and that requires you mount it on a heavyweight mic stand , or use sand bags at the base to prevent having the whole rig and an expensive mic crash to the floor ... use caution.FOLLOW-UP The more I use this device , the more I dislike the mounting arrangement . It only gets looser and less secure the longer you own it ... took it from three stars -LRB- it works fine -RRB- down to two because of the poor mounting clamps and top heavy design .
 Not worth the money . You can buy the Porta Booth Pro for around the same price and get much better results . In fact , after putting in a new vocal booth , I 'm so impressed with the Porta Booth Pro , I 'm keeping it . I am , however , selling the SE Flexion Filter . Waste of money - waste of space . It just looks cool .
 Too bad ! I really thought this would help . Very cheaply made IMO . You 're better off building one with a frame and some Rockwool . It 'll get the job done . I did n't feel a huge difference , and actually did n't like the boxiness of the sound that I was getting . Using an old U87 + UA pre and Comp . Just not worth that kind of money , when you can DIY for less than 50 bucks . It looks cool , but I only care about sound .
 Straight out of the box I could not play any record on this turntable without the record grinding at the base of the deck on every rotation . It seems like mine has the same flaw as another reviewer 's , which is that the silver base of the unit is not attached firmly enough to hold . I 've tried raising the platter with a piece of felt , which prevents the record from hitting the deck , but then the pitch is still a bit unstable and wobbly on many records . I am sure this could have been prevented if Numark had used some screws instead of glue to attach the parts of the deck to one another.However , I am still in doubt whether I am going to return it because I like the overall design and features so much . Hence , two stars instead of one . Maybe I am going to try fixing it with some super glue ... if anyone with the same problem has tried this , I would love to hear in the comments whether your attempt has failed or succeeded .
 The turntable feels cheap and flimsy , especially the stylus . It would not play large LPs properly because of uneven platter . Tried to have Numark/Ion stand by their warranty , but they would not respond to email in a timely manner or respond by phone . If you google Numark support , it seems many people have this problem . I will not purchase another Numark or Ion product , and I strongly encourage you not to do so either . Try the Vestax Handy Trax portable turntable instead .
 I want to love this little Numie , I really , REALLY do . It fits perfectly in a record crate , and has an overall good feel to it . It can run for quite a long time off of batteries , which is neat . And somehow , it manages to get HUGE sound out of its little built-in speaker . It 's held up very well over the past 80 or so hours of usage , even after being toted around and tossed about.HOWEVER , however , as others have mentioned , there is a very noticeable audio quality difficiency with certain frequencies . It 's apparent when using the built-in speaker , and totally overwhelming when using headphones or recording -LRB- and do n't worry , I tried all the outputs , at all different levels with types of equipment -RRB- . I have n't taken the plunge and replaced the stylus -LRB- or even the whole cartridge -RRB- , because that 'd be about 40 % of the cost of the entire unit right there . If I knew for sure that that 'd solve the problem , though , I 'd go for it!Another odd quirk is trying to play records with the unit plugged in and batteries installed . It seems like the RPMs are more apt to drop when in this configuration . It 's absolutely not a dealbreaker , as it 's super-easy to pop out the batteries when you 're not using them , but I thought I 'd mention it for anyone else experiencing the same issue . I get pitch-perfect speed when using just the AC adapter - or - just batteries.Ah , Numark PT01 ... you 're such a neat , neat record player . Why ca n't you just sound a little better !??
 One of my greatest mistakes that I made recently is to purchase NUMARK PT01 item . I have few hundred of LP , EP and SP records so that I really wanted to convert into digital files for all of them and pt01 was so fascinating for me.Upon purchasing , I realized that turntable revolution speed is completely inconsistent especially for 33 rpm LP . I tried to switch with a couple of electric power however the problem does not resolved.Lastly , I realized that the turntable matrass is not attached properly on the turntable so that I demounted and attached very carefully with both-sided tape , which makes the problem a little bit resolved , however basically the problem still makes me crazy.I have contacted manufacturer but I do not expect any of positive reply from them since , as longas I understand , the service of NUMARk is well know to be horrible.This morning , I checked about the detail specification of PT01 and realized that the maker does not mention any of `` wow and flutter '' term on the specification . As well known , `` wow and flutter '' is the critical specification which guarantee the consistency of the turntable.Usually , turntable makers basically guarantee the consistency of the turntable speed based on the wow and flutter spec. , which I thought it is just the common sense , but it unfortunately was not common sense to the NUMARK !! . . One of my questions is how NUMARK still selling this item ??? I do not care NUMARK 's company policy and philosophy because I will never buy any item of NUMARK in my while life !! Bye , Numark !!!
 if your looking at this to buy to play on your house stereo you will probably be disappointed this is a portable player and should be used as such . it has a very tinny sound no depth at all do not be cheap when it comes to purchasing a record player
 On nearly the second anniversary of receiving this player , the table stopped spinning . I called Numark and since it was out of warranty there was nothing they could do for me . The player was awesome . It one of my favorite belongings . The sound was pretty good for a built-in speaker . None of my records were damaged by the player , and the speed never seemed to waver . I gave it one star for every year of enjoyment I got . I 'll be buying a crosley next , and if that one craps out I would probably buy another Numark . I just wish it had n't have broken in the first place .
 I 'd always heard great things about numark products , so I decided to roll the dice on the PT01 , a big mistake . The good , is that it is a light weight truly portable turntable . The built in speaker provides pretty good sound for being a small speaker . Why the 1 star ? b/c the player is poorly constructed . The shiny top piece is poorly glued on , and pops up rubbing against the record while its playing . This causes the record to wobble and creates a very poor sound . I had to put a weight on the player to keep the piece from popping up in order for it to play properly . Little to say I will be staying away from numark products , and I highly recommend that anyone in the market for a player such as this look else where .
 The large silver colored base around the platter would NOT stay in place . It is only held down by a sticky material underneath it . The one I purchased was raised up just behind the platter and rubbed on the record . Very poor quality construction and no final inspection at the factory . Good luck if you buy one . I returned mine to Amazon . It 's been over two -LRB- 2 -RRB- weeks and I have not received any acknowledgment from Amazon regarding the return .
 I bought this for my roommate as a Christmas/graduation present . When she opened it and threw a record on we noticed a distortion in the sound which we initially attributed to the record being warped . Several more records later and we discovered that the felt on the turntable was unevenly applied , causing a `` hump '' in the record 's path under the needle , distorting the music . To be fair , we have n't contacted the manufacturer yet to see if this is something that could be repaired or replaced . It 's still disappointing to give a gift that 's nonfunctional however .
 Problem # 1
 On the back of this record player , it was manufactured in January of 2008 and now in October of 2011 it is dead . Pretty sure the belt just died on it.I had it set up to play through my computer speakers and as long as you have a decent system it should sound good . I played records on it quite often , but I still think it should 've lasted more than 3 years . I also had the same issue other reviews stated about the bottom plate sticking up , but I just taped it down and that worked fine.Probably should just pay a little more for something a little better than this one .
 I have a massive record collection , and had continued buying records even after the Aiwa turntable I had stopped working . I saw this on Amazon and saw it was small , reasonably priced , and had a pitch control . Initially I played my 7 '' records on it , and it was just fine . Once I started playing my 12 '' records the trouble began . About halfway through any record I play the pitch begins to waver -LRB- subtly speeds up and slows down -RRB- . I contacted Numark and told them about the problem . I got a response telling me I needed to buy a different needle to play 78 RPM records on the turntable . This was a confusing response as I had n't even mentioned 78 RPM records in my e-mail -LRB- nor do I own any -RRB- . So I write again and explain that my question was n't answered . So then I 'm told I should try to balance the arm properly . I write back again and say that I mentioned in BOTH my e-mails that the unit I was inquiring about was a PT-01 , and this model has a pre-balanced -LRB- non-adjustable -RRB- arm . Numark wrote back `` oh you 're right , just return to dealer '' . Unfortunately it 's too late for that , and Numark was NO help . Their customer service ` team ' could n't even be bothered to read e-mails and answer accordingly . Do not buy this unit , I wasted $ 100 and now I have to buy a new turntable . I assure you , it wo n't be a Numark !
 Mine came today and I was very excited because I have a fair number of 78s and this is one of the few reasonably priced turntables that will play them -LRB- or is so advertised ... -RRB- Unfortunately , it is junk . The top is coming off just like noted in some of the other reviews , and either the belt is loose or the motor is shot because it not only does not play at a consistent speed , but even if it did it would not be at the right speeds ... with the pitch compensation at a full 10 % positive , it barely reaches the stated rpms . I tried both 33s and 78s , and the AC adapter.Now I am going to have to go to the hassle of returning it to Amazon and waiting for a -LRB- more expensive -RRB- replacement . I sure doubt it will be a Numark !
 I purchased this turntable to listen to records . However , the speaker is so faint it 's barely audible . I 've returned it and am back to looking for a good one . This turntable is perfect if you 're looking to transfer audio or use external speakers ... just do n't count on it to stand on its own .
 Ca n't say too much about the product itself - it was a gift and I have n't heard anything negative about it , so it may be decent . What irks me to no end is that two weeks later I got a call referencing my purchase of this product and then an `` amazing offer '' of some coupon books where they would charge my credit card $ 1 now , then a monthly fee until I unsubscribe . Every time I steered the conversation towards that charge , opting out , or not wanting to participate , the lady on the phone drove it back towards how great the offer was . It took several tries to get them to take `` no '' for an answer.If you purchase this item , be wary of where your information could end up . I do n't know if it was the company directly , or if they sold it to a third party , but apparently they already had my credit card information on hand , which is a bit unsettling . I will be monitoring my credit card statement closely .
 This item is filled with gratuitous functions that should be removed to improve the model overall . For example , battery operation ? Is that really necessary ? How many people are actually going to take this to the park and play records . To me it was designed only to transfer vinyl to digital format . That 's it . With that said it really does n't need a built-in speaker either . Finally , my biggest complaint is that the unit tends to fluctuate in pitch . This is terrible for djs that want to go digital as it is essential to maintain a constant pitch in order to mix another song . That problem REALLY needs to be addressed by Numark and until they do so I would advise against purchasing this model .
 I still did not get the item yet.What is going on?Please let me know ASAP.Thanks , Yong
 This is a consistent complaint among people who have purchased this unit
 I received this same record player as a gift a few years ago , and it works fine for me . But when I bought another record player for my roommate , it played for 6 days and then completely died . Flip the power switch , no light , and the machine wo n't turn when you move the needle . I asked for a return , but wo n't be receiving any refund because the box it came in is n't the box it was sent back in , because I 'd already recycled the cardboard . Apparently , the company values the cardboard box much higher than the machine , so be super careful . It 's a piece of crap , and they know it .
 I bought the Numark PT-01 USB portable turntable in January of 2009 and was pleased with it at first . I had n't used it for about a year and today when I tried it the turntable did not play at the correct speed . There was no difference between the 33 and 1/3 , 45 and 78 rpm settings , and even at the 78 speed the rate was slower than 33 and 1/3 . I have no idea how to get this fixed . When I was using it it was also very difficult to get replacement styluses . I do n't think Numark still supports this product and would n't recommend it .
 I 'm a big user of Adobe Audition . I used the old Cakewalk for midi and was always very fond of the program . So , I thought I 'd try the new Cakewalk -LRB- Sonar -RRB- . I really dislike this program . It 's hard to use , hard to configure and is limits what hardware you can use . I 'd sell this one and go back to my old cakewalk , however , i 've already registered it . Oh well .
 Let me put this in perspective : The description nowhere TELLS YOU that you have to connect the mini-plug into the adapter for the 1/4 '' -- duh . Of course it does n't say so . That 's obvious.EQUALLY obvious to anyone who works with audio is that the main plug is -LRB- or should be -RRB- a 1/8 '' -LRB- 3.5 mm -RRB- . The description nowhere TELLS YOU that , granted . But just as with understanding that one connects the mini into the 1/4 , that is a * completely * reasonable inference.So when I found that the small plug would not fit into my laptop , and that only with force would it go into my Zoom H2 -LRB- which now I 'm afraid I may have damaged -RRB- , I saw it , in effect , as de facto deception . Either the slightly-longer mini-plug is flawed in production , OR it 's a nonstandard size , fitting ONLY their 1/4 '' unit.As long as you 're OK with always using that bulky 1/4 '' thing , and evidently NOT being able to use it with your computer or portable recorder , do n't worry .
 Purchased this a while back , and was disappointed from the moment I opened the box . The construction was flimsy and the mic did n't even work . All this thing did was waste time and money .
 I just bought this violin . Yes it arrived 2 days before it was supposed to ... hmmm I wonder if that is the only good thing that I can actually say about it!When I got it , obviously the first thing I did was try to tune it . Two of the strings -LRB- the G and the A -RRB- snapped within seconds ! In my previous violin , which I had for 9 years , the G was the string that never snapped -LRB- go figure ! -RRB- So the strings are of POOR quality and I am going to have to buy separate strings for it now . So I have n't actually been able to play my new violin , so I ca n't even comprehensively tell you how it sounds ! The bow looks okay , so far , but without my two strings , how would I know whether it actually works ? The other strings although tuned as of now , look as if they are clinging for dear life ! The tuning pegs at the top well , they seem to slip whenever I tried tightening the strings -LRB- before they snapped of course ! -RRB- The violin itself looks nice . I hope I can eventually determine whether it sounds nice as well . I hope the fine tuners actually carry out their function , because when my strings snapped , they popped out from the fine tuner side of violin as opposed to from the point of tear itself!So do I recommend you buy this violin ? Well , prepare to buy new strings and perhaps even a bridge , I 'm not sure . And one more thing , if you notice in the picture , a section of the neck of the violin still retains the colour of the wood , ie it has not been painted , which I did n't notice until I actually got the violin . Now why do you think that is ?
 This is the worse piece of junk . Stick with brand name instruments . You get what you pay for has never been more true .
 I have to disagree with the other reviewers ; this recorder sounds like a plastic recorder . I bought one , and then compared it with a wooden Kung recorder , which only cost about $ 100 more , and there is no comparison.Considering how much time I put into playing , its easily worth the extra dough for a low end quality recorder , kung , moeck , etc. . Try Lazar baroque recorders online ; he lets you try a couple and send one back .
 I complained about product misrepresentation -LRB- they are advertised as 3 '' and are only 2-1/2 '' -RRB- . They advised me they had been out of the 3 '' at the time of the first shipment , but would send the correct ones and I could return the small ones . I 've never received the replacements , and suspect they never had 3 '' in stock .
 I bought this and was highly disappointed - all the notes practically sound the same - it 's incredible small - more for a child who wants to make noise . Do not buy
 The Yamaha 300 series recorders are fantastic instruments . -LRB- I adore my soprano , alto , tenor , and bass ! -RRB- Unfortunately , the Yamaha sopranino does not live up to the pure sounds of the others . It sounds both husky and nasal . The Aulos sopranino , which is about the same price , is a far better option .
 I bought 4 sets of these . The wound 3rd string broke on every set in a short time . One 1st string broke when I was stretching it .
 I strung my daughter 's guitar with these and within a couple weeks -LRB- she does n't often play -RRB- the windings on two of the strings broke . Utterly useless .
 This is not feedback for the seller , per se , because I already left positive feedback to them because the shipping was incredible and the price is more than fair . However , if you 're looking to buy these PLEASE NOTE THAT THE TITLE AND THE PHOTO ARE NOT THE SAME THING , AND YOU WILL GET WHAT IS IN THE PHOTO , NOT THE TITLE . The title says the gauge is `` Regular Light '' but they are in fact just `` Light '' . I do n't know if the lister meant to say ` regular ' as in ` just plain ol' or something . . but that is kind of a stupid error to make , honestly . there is a big difference , and if you 're not an amateur guitarist , it is a HUGE difference . I wanted `` Regular Light Gauge '' strings , which D'Addario makes , but instead i got exactly what is in the picture ... `` Light '' gauge , which are a little clunkier . If you are n't a serious guitarist you might be smirking at this review , but if you are , you 'll know what i 'm talking about.PLEASE FIX THE LISTING
 Tone-wise , Chromes ca n't hold a candle to Thomastik-Infeld Jazz Swing strings . I suppose that is somewhat forgivable since Chromes cost less than half what Thomstik-Infeld Jazz Swing string cost . However , what puts me completely off them , to the point that I 'd rather use GHS Precision flatwounds if I could n't find Thomastik-Infelds , is that they are very slippery under my fingers . I do n't get the same kind of tactile connection with the strings that I get with every other brand of flatwounds I 've every used .
 Spend the extra money and get a Marathon or Odyssey case . This one is ok but the screws are self tapping and tap into plastic . No metal rack mounts on this unit . The cover is n't very good as well ...
 IT DOESENT HAVE A HOLE IN THE BACK FOR THE CABLES THATS THE DOWN SIDE THATS IT U HAVE TO MAKE A HOLE AND THE AMP DIDNOT FIT HAD TO CUSTOM FIT CUTS IN FOR THE SPEAKER CABLES
 This case looked perfect for my Mobile DJ set up however some quality issue and design flaws made this less than desirable.My rig is pretty simple . 1 Hercules RMX Mixer -LRB- 6U -RRB- , Nady 2RL Rack Light -LRB- 1U -RRB- and Power conditioner -LRB- 1U -RRB- across the top with a 2U drawer in the bottom to hold Mics , cables , headphones ect and a SKB AV8 stand for the laptop . I use powered cabinets so an amp is not needed in this set up.Design Flaws : SKB uses non-standard -LRB- propriety -RRB- screws . These are very coarse thread screws that will never hold us as well as well as a finer thread screw -LRB- More threads per sq in equals less likely to strip out -RRB- which brings us to the second problem
 I had a ton of problems getting all the programs loaded with XP . I e-mailed and called Roxio 13 times . Their service and support ranks dead last .
 I have used two different units OT-120 and both tune fine -LRB- or display -RRB- the pitch center , but both units display a too large pitch deviation if the note is off-center . I just returned my second unit which I bought because I suspected the first unit being defect.No , that is obviously a KORG systematic error.Thanks God I own one old KORG MASTER TUNER , which operates much better than the new OT-120 . -LRB- All tuners work better if used with an external micro and a pre-amplifier -RRB- If you want to measure the cents deviations of a tone , do not buy the KORG OT-120 . Testing the SEIKO SAT1100 soon .
 I received my Korg OT-120 in a timely manner . I could n't wait to try it out ! I was severely crestfallen . It worked no better in upper and lower ranges than the $ 15 Korg tuner it was meant to replace . I would recommend to anyone to consider another product . This is not an 8 octave tuner even though they have named it so . Orchestral ? Bah ! I feel ripped off . My faith in Korg is gone . Look for another brand ! I am thinking about sending this thing back .
 First time out of the box this Tuner worked properly after battery was installed . After that , the mode I wanted to use worked once and that was the only time it worked . That mode would be the Auto Mode with the dial pointed to slow , never worked on medium or fast in the Auto mode as well .
 this is supposed to be able to pick up 8 octaves . it hardly picks up four . i was extremely dissapointed . i have used way cheaper tuners that work as well or better . this thing is not worth your money .
 Length :
 The DJX-1 -LRB- PSRD1-DJX -RRB- was a great keyboard . I suggest you look for one of those on ebay or something . In many ways the DJX-2 is a stripped down version of the original . The sounds are fine and you can record your own beats and samples etc , but if you want to use it in a MIDI setup , forget it . Its `` MIDI out '' capability is only for saving your samples to a computer -- you can not use the DJX-2 to output note information to an external sequencer -LRB- or computer or other keyboard ... -RRB- . Also , the DJX-2 does not include the industry standard set of 128 general MIDI -LRB- GM -RRB- voices . And who wants to look at alternating gray and white octaves ???
 Woo , yamaha really did get carried away this time ... I thought they could stick with something practical , but er . . this is n't it . I tried it in a store , and you ca n't even really mix with it , much less actually use it in a club or at a rave . If you wan na be a DJ and scratch , use turntables . If you are bent on scratching with a cd player then get the cd scratch mixer from American DJ , because it 's a good bit better than this abomination .
 I ordered the wireless headset and this item was suggested as an accessory `` based on my order . There is only a picture , no description of the item . I figured since it was suggested to me `` based on my selection '' that it would fit the headset I ordered ... NOT ! This is a windscreen for a regular sized microphone ! The shipping cost more than the actual item , ... and would have cost me more in shipping fees to send back plus there was no return information or instructions enclosed with my order . What a hassle and a waste of money !
 I recently purchased a DD50 from ebay - and it was about what I expected . Yamaha make generally good trusty products - but this kit has the same basic flaw as all electronic druma I have tried - that is - the pads do not pick up light strokes - and also do n't respond to heavy hits . In other words they do n't react anything like real drums.Ok this is a very cheap unit so you get what you pay for right ? - well actually - I did design and market electronic drums -LRB- analogue type -RRB- back in the eighties - and I spent a long time working on this `` response '' thing - eventually getting very impressive results.So when I got the DD50 recently I immediately set about improving things - and I have devised a fairly simple way of improving the response drastically with a bit of add-on circuitry.If you are interested please email me . mickwest1@hotmail.com
 When I first tried out my new drum set , I was pretty happy . However , after about thirty hours or so of use the power would n't stay on , making jam sessions real hard . The repair shop wanted to charge me the same amount as a new unit to fix it . When I contacted Yamaha directly , they would n't have anything to do with me , saying that the unit was seven years old . When I pointed out the unit was purchased only two months previous , they reiterated it was seven years old . These things are only good for kids toys or someone that just wants to fiddle around , not a serious musician . Due to the callous response I recieved from Yamaha , I will never purchase another product of any kind from this manufacturor again
 I am brand new to the world of whistling , but have a little experience playing flute along with Celtic guitar , banjo , etc. . I chose this low whistle for the price and because I disliked the shrill sound of the higher penny whistles . I also bought the Clarke D whistle , which provides a decent parallel between the different octaves and is a little easier to play.This whistle sounds perfect to me , but then again it 's the only one I 've ever heard in person . Using the `` piper 's grip '' as others have called it , took some getting used to , but soon felt pretty natural and I got the hang of it very quickly . The unit feels very sturdy and mine did n't have any of the fipple problems that other reviewers have been having . The four bands -LRB- green in the picture -RRB- were a dark blue and made of a plastic thread on mine . I do n't mind the color , but they just look cheap . I think I might replace them with something else in the future.EDIT
 This low whistle completely did not meet with my expectations . It 's nearly unplayable , and lacks volume . It is , admittedly , a cheap instrument , but that does n't excuse that this is a whistle that I do n't want to whistle with.If you want to actually play a low whistle , do n't buy this one .
 Bought this guitar many , many years ago . Never could get used to the shape , which necessitates using the included strap . For some reason , maybe because I did n't use extra light strings as per Martin 's recommendation , the guitar developed a couple of long cracks on the top , which surprisingly did n't seem to effect the sound that I could tell . I do n't bother playing this guitar anymore and will probably be selling it soon . When I bought it , I thought `` wow , I 'm getting a Martin , it 's going to be great '' , but I guess I was just naive . I have since learned that buying items for the name is not always the wisest policy .
 The title pretty much says it all . It might as well be a ukulele.It 's well made , and tough , but sounds like a toy , NOT a Martin.I sold mine after a week , and that 's something I usually do n't do .
 I USE THE GUITAR NOT TO PLAY 4 OTHERS . . BUT . . I WORK IN IT -LRB- MOSTLY AT HOME -RRB- AND SOME SOFTWARE TAKES A LONG TIME SO I JUST USE IT FOR PRACTICIG CHORDS , NOTES , AMUSING MYSELF WHILE WAITING , ETC. . I HAVE OTHER MARTINS WHICH I LIKE BUT SITTING IN FRONT OF 2 COMPUTERS OR WATCHING TV IS RELAXING TO JUST STRUM OR PRACTICE.WHEN THAT D STRING JUST POPPED . . WOW . . I JUST BOUGHT THIS GUITAR 2 DAYS AGO . . NOW I HAVE TO RESTRING THE D STRING . . NOT HAPPY . . : - -LRB-
 I 've owned two Backpackers . Both cracked.My second backpacker 's bridge split right along the middle , where the saddle slot is . Instrument was bought 2 years ago , kept humidified and taken care of . Called Martin Customer Service and was told the warranty `` window has passed . '' They do n't stock replacement bridges , and they do n't interface with the Mexican plant that manufactures those guitars . I asked if I could contact that plant for a replacement bridge . Was told I ca n't because they do n't interface with the public.What all this means in plain English is that Martin Backpackers are not Martin guitars . They 're crappy made instruments that get the Martin name slapped on the headstock . Martin takes neither ownership nor responsibility for them.I can only say stay away from Backpackers!What bugs me most about this
 This is an interesting instrument , but the sound is so anemic that I 'd hesitate to call it a `` guitar '' . It is to a guitar what a rubber practice pad is to a drum.It 's not something you can play in front of other people . Maybe if you want to practice by yourself and you do n't care about sound quality , it is acceptable . But I have to wonder about anyone who would rate this item 4-5 stars . That 's being exceptionally generous .
 My wife bought this off my wishlist for my birthday . I had put it on my wishlist , because I was under the impression that the keys felt piano-like instead of keyboard-like . When we pulled it out of the box , though , that supposition was quickly contradicted . Also , one of the keys was broken . The `` G '' an octave and a third above middle `` C '' was sticking up above all the other keys , and clacked when pressed . It was obviously missing some sort of dampening pad internally . Thankfully , Amazon has a wonderful return policy . We opted for the Casio CDP-100 digital piano . It is about the same size/weight as the M-Audio PROKEYS 88SX , and feels very piano-like . In fact , the Casio digital pianos feel closer to a real piano than any of the other digital pianos I have tried .
 After two months all LEDs were blinking . Thirdparty refused ti take it back . Amazon also refused after there phony A-Z service . Once the things are bad you are in for a big trouble . I bougtt quite stuff from Amazon but I am done for now . Will buy from costco which stands behind there products .
 I was expecting this keyboard to have a more piano like touch , like a Casio Privia px-110 . Very disappointing .
 Purchased this keyboard wanting to learn how to play the piano . However , on the inside cover of the instruction manual there is a big sticker saying there are chemicals used to make this keyboard which cause cancer and birth defects `` so please wash hands after using '' . Is this for real ?!?!? I can not believe Amazon would sell such a product .
 The music book is great , with a number of nice songs and well written - the accompaning music , on the other hand , was quite disappointing ; based on the songs I played.The selection I was most interested in was `` They Call the Wind Mariah '' . This music was horrid ! Basically the pianist , who could hardly wait to get this peice over - judging by the tempo , pounded this rather monotonous tune out in a rather laboureous fashion . True , the music was written that way , but still it was poorly done overall and just useless . `` The impossible dream '' was only somewhat better and still played way to fast.So - so far not so impressed .
 I found this humidifier to be ineffective , at best keeping my guitar at 35 % -LRB- I have a hygrometer in my guitar case -RRB- ; not much better than the humidity level in the rest of my house . I bought a kyser at the same time for my classical guitar , which worked much better ; throwing away this one and buying a kyser for my acoustic guitar .
 This is the biggest piece of garbage - does not work at all . It is a plastic little container that has clay inside . You are supposed to fill with water for 5 minutes -LRB- which it is supposed to absorb -RRB- well 24 hours later the water is still sitting on top of this hard clay - will not absorb . I bought 6 of these and none of them work - save your money and buy something that works ... the manufacturer should know about this problem , but obviously has done nothing to remedy it . I would give it 0 stars if I could .
 6 months after i purchased this metronome , it started to malfunction quite seriously . the clicking became very erratic and unsteady , until the actual speed of the clicking differed drastically from the numerical values stated on the dial . try practising to this and you 'll realise how disastrous this is!recommended ONLY if you are lucky enough not to have it give up on you .
 This metronome keeps great time , but you can not read the dial very well . The top 2 buttons have a tendency to fall off a lot .
 I was looking for an authentic Buffalo Drum for my Kindermusik class.I was so happy to find this drum and I love that you have different sizes for different ages ... the sound is fantastic.My students love to use it and I am considering at this price purchasing a few more . . Thank you for your fair prices on quality instruments.Mana From the Muse
 I owned one of these exact Woodland guitars for a very brief period . I returned it , as the neck had dozens of tiny cracks and splits in the fretboard . When a note was bent , the scraping noise from the fretboard was louder than the note being played . It looked , felt and sounded nice enough -LRB- decent for rhythm use , anyway -RRB- . Also , one end piece of the `` moustache '' bridge was unattached upon arrival.On the upside , Lark In The Morning was more than gracious in the return transaction , and I would not hesitate to order from them again . They have a mighty impressive catalog of instruments from all over the world , and are wonderful people to deal with.Spend a little more and get a Gitane , you 'll be glad you did .
 This cable looks good , feels good , is easy to use , but only works if the ends are wiggled and twisted . I could not get it to connect correctly on two different amps and one electric guitar . Pass on this one . A lesson learned ; you get what you pay for !
 Unless you just got a job gigging with a regularly working band as the full-time harp player and need room for 20 blues harps and a bullet mic . and a place to carry it , I suggest starting small and going with something less costly , and more functional as a harp case like the Hohner DC-12 . This well-intentioned Musicians Gear electric harp kit comes with two lined , detachable trays which are not very well designed as they do n't hold the harps in place in any type of accessible position and unless you have each tray full to its capacity , there is no friction to hold the harps in place ; so they are allowed to slide and move and bang up against each other en route to your gig or practice session . Even if you 're a semi-pro , you probably do n't need space for any more than 8-10 harps in different keys . So this case is way overkill with no real stabilizing function for your valuable harps . The mic is the other disappointment . Not really dirty enough to be classified a `` blues blaster '' . I 've been able to get better sounds from the regular vocal mics like Shure , etc. . Sound wise , seems like the main thing is the amp that you 're playing through . So I bought this case and its contents , was disappointed with its lack of harp holding protection , was disappointed with the mic . and felt that I 'd need to purchase a dirty tube amp to justify its purchase . So then , I started looking for small , portable tube amps . Then I caught myself . `` Hey , wait a minute '' I thought . `` I started out looking for a good , affordable case that will hold and protect my small selection of A - G key harmonicas . Here I 've spent almost $ 130 , and now I am about to spend another $ 150 - $ 300 on an amp and I still do n't have the harp-holding-and-protecting case that I 'd set out to purchase in the first place . '' So I sent the whole kit and caboodle back for a refund and purchased the Hohner DC-12 . Yeah , it 's a cheaply made Chinese piece of crap , but at least its foam cut-outs allow for the safe transportation and protection of the harps that I have . If I get a gig with the HooDooBlues band and go on tour , then I 'll upgrade to something bigger and better . Later .
 I returned the first lightsnake because the light only lit at one end . the second unit makes static after I connected the cable between the lightsnake and my amp . I 'm back to recording via line in/mic in by using a 1/8 by 1/4 adapter . good luck .
 The product description declares that it is ready for the Mac right out of the box . OK , it makes a valid connection , but it suffers from about a half-second latency . It is impossible to record along with the canned bass and drums , which is pretty much all I want to do with my garage band program . So I am using the nifty adapter that was included , which allows me to connect my guitar cord to the mic input . I think I 'll put the light cable on ebay because I hate driving into town , 30 mies round trip .
 i dont know if its just mine or not , but i bought mine at target a while ago and now its far too late to return it . basically what it does is make a staticky phasing type hiss sound whenever its running . so this totally destroys any use for it really as far as im cncerned , since there is no way to eliminate the stupid buzz out of anything i have recorded with it .
 The product arrived quickly and I 'm sure it works fine - I just ca n't get it to work in my XP Pro system as I want it to , and each time I try to install it , it screws up my Creative sound card.I 've tried various approaches but so far no success . I 'll keep trying though , because I think it * can * work.The only time I managed to get a recording , it was `` blind '' -LRB- maybe that should be deaf ? -RRB- - I could n't hear how what I was playing sounded at the time I was playing it -LRB- vital part of the performance , I 'd have thought -RRB- . I could listen to the recording afterwards , but that defeats the object of the exercise . IMHO the sound of what you 're playing feeds back into the way you play - it affects timing , a whole host of things - and if you can only hear the unamplified , unmodulated twanging of the strings you ca n't produce a good effect . Imagine a painter who has to make drawing/painting movements to create his/her art and then wait until after they 've finished for the brushmarks and colors to suddenly appear on the canvas . Feedback is everything -LRB- forgive the pun :-RRB- -RRB- So it 's hard to rate this product until I can actually get it to work as I think it should . If all else fails I 'll talk to tech support but I 'd like to get it sorted on my own -LRB- that way I learn something new ! -RRB- .
 This thing should be awesome but unfortunately it does not work as advertised . There is a splitter on the 1/4 '' jack , the idea is that you plug the cable into your guitar and then the USB plug at the other end of the LightSnake goes to your PC , stick another guitar cable into the splitter which then goes to your amp so you can hear what you are recording . The splitter did n't work on mine . Another thing a did n't like is this , why do that splitter thing at all ? why not just monitor through the PC -LRB- or in my case iBook running Garageband -RRB- ? Had no problem doing that with my Lexicon Omega . And here 's another weird thing . I plugged in an acoustic guitar and my Mac was unable to adjust the input volume at all , odd . Then I plugged in my electric guitar and was fully able to adjust the input volume . How could my Mac decide to disable the input volume on one analog input signal , and not on another analog input signal ? Makes no sense ! I can not recommend this product .
 I bought Light Snake for a Christmas present for some aspiring young musicians . The text on the package indicated that the product would work with most audio-recording software . I can tell you that it does n't . I tried everything I could dream up to make it work . I even tried to install one of the demo software packages that came with the Light Snake cord . The software would n't run unless I gave it my car 's VIN , my driver 's license , house keys and my mother 's maiden name -LRB- figuratively of course -- for , um , `` registration '' purposes -RRB- . Since that was an unacceptable solution and the product would n't work on anything I have at my disposal -LRB- including Cakewalk -LSB- itself an extremely glitchy product -RSB- -RRB- , I had to capitulate to the 10 ' money-eating boa . It reminds me of the days when my dad used to curse the easy-to-assemble toys I used to get from Santa .
 I bought this at Target since the package said it would work with PC or Mac . This turned out to be incorrect . I did get it to blink while setting the sound input to USB , but it never recognized what it was , just `` unknown USB source '' . It did not get recognized in Garage Band either , which is why I bought it to start with . On a whim , I found a 1/8 converter , popped that on my regular guitar cord , and plugged it in the Mac . Surprise , it started working.Go figure . I 'll try it a few more times before completely giving up .
 This thing is crap . The LightSnake records well , but the utterly fail flashing light on the cable makes a VERY audible clicking in the playback . It is by no means a professional cable , and on top of that , is made with crappy parts to boot . UGH . If I could place a restraining order on inanimate objects . I would have one affiliated with this cord .
 I got the LightSnake so I could record my keyboard into my computer . I got it to work fairly quickly with Adobe Audition , but found anything I recorded had a LOT of noise behind it ... Well , at least too much noise for me . LightSnake blows .
 I just bought this today and will take it back for a refund tomorrow . It works with my PC recorder and my Sony software but they are limited environments to do multi track recording in . I wanted it to work with Cakewalk but it does n't see the cable . I checked it out in Adobe Audition and Ableton with the same negative results . The Lightsnake is not seen by these programs.On a positive note the cable seems to be well made and it does look pretty with the blinking green lights .
 Took it out of the box , hoping to use it with Waves Gtr , Digital performer , on my Macbook protheres a constant buzz , and ticking the same speed as the blinking green krytonite LEDin digital performer , you can use it as an input , but ca n't change the output to another source.Waves GTR would not recognize it.the only thing that would was Garage band , I tried the 1/4 '' to 1/8 '' adapter , and it worked fine , but you can get that for $ 10.00 at Radio shack .
 I purchased this stand based on 2 positive reviews from buyers prior to me and boy do I regret it.first of all its cost me at least $ 200 us to have it in hand and when it finally arrived it look much bigger than I had hope for since it was advertised as a small mixer stand . my 8 channel mixer was way too small to even stay on the satnd so I decided to use it for my laptop with my duo.because of the way the stand was constructed , it leaned on a side and after just three uses the screw that fastens the bottom broke in the head and the stand just spins all around likr these office chairs that the base resembles ... Overall I 'm very disappointed and will not recomend this to anyone ever !! Furthure more customers should stop reviewing products the same day it arrives to avoid decieving others ...
 In short , do n't believe all the things that other reviewers on Amazon are saying about this amp . I 've had it for about 3 years , and it is not worth it . If you are new to electric guitar , you may think that the Spider sounds good , but if you have had experience with amps you will know that it 's no good . It sounds digital and cheesy . There is absolutely no warmth to the sound at all . This amp only sounds good to the untrained ear .
 This software is as difficult to use as Finale , yet with fewer features than any other composing software I 've ever used . I 've transitioned composing software before -LRB- Encore to Finale -RRB- so I knew it would take some time to get adjusted . But eventually I gave up -- it just was n't worth it.In addition to the clumsy , non-intuitive controls , the `` Songwriter '' version of the software has crippled features
 This software has so many fixed default auto settings -LRB- many musically incorrect -RRB- that it is essentially unusable . It interferes with entering basic notation
 I bought this program , and I stopped using it within 2 months ... why?This program , at least for me , tends to bug a lot , and it does a lot of screwy things that you never intended . For example , notes that I never entered in appeared towards the end of my pieces , and there was no way that I could delete them.Also , it would randomly bug at some times , and I would have to quit the program , losing everything that I worked hard on -LRB- would n't you all be frusterated if that happened ? -RRB- . Also , and it may be because I did n't figure it out entirely , I could n't have two different note heads on the same beat -LRB- example , half note and quarter note on beat one -RRB- on the same staff . It just would n't work.I would strongly consider buying another notation program . I use Cakewalk Scorewriter , which is about as cheap as this , and I hope someday to get Sibelius ... when I have the money to do so -LRB- ... -RRB-
 This is impossibly difficult to navigate , and many instructions in the help file , even when followed meticulously , do n't work . There is no paper guide to the program ; I found it totally useless and a waste of time ... and money . Into the round file with it .
 I contacted audubon support with no help and no response from them . The product seems to be as simple as open the package , pour some rosin powder on it and start whistling away.After hours at various locations I did not see one bird , To me this is a waste of money . I just wanted some birds to hang with and apparently that ai n't going to happen.The product seems costly with the rosin needed to be applied every so often . On top of that the rosin pill that came with it was smashed and half of the powder was gone.Bad customer service , Damaged item upon arrival , If this was ebay I would have my money back.Save your funds and buy the cheaper one on amazon , or do n't buy it at all and learn how to whistle ... I would love to know where all these reviews tested this bird call because It did not work for me .
 not worth the price , you can get far better ones in India . The product was sub-standard , and chipped easily . We are a University group with no choice , however , and we went ahead . Mid-east instruments was very nice about it though , and sent us a new Ghatam free of charge . That had its defects too , but they 're both alright , but not for someone who is a Ghatam maestro .
 WARNING ! The bridge assembly shipped is nothing like the photo . It is much cheaper in construction . The package is branded as `` Kluson '' : - the actual individual saddle adjustment screws are NOT contained within the body of the steel bridge -LRB- as shown in photo -RRB- , they just sit in open slots and so they pop out easily . - the actual individual saddle adjustment screws are NOT Phillips head screws -LRB- as shown in photo -RRB- but are cheap slot head screws . - the actual bridge saddles are NOT pre-grooved -LRB- as shown in photo -RRB- , and grooving them yourself is a royal pain in the butt . - the holes in the bridge body for the vertical adjustment screws are NOT chamfered -LRB- as shown in photo -RRB- and so the bridge body does not ride smoothly when adjusted.Basically , the bridge assembly shipped by W D Music is total junk . It deserves a negative star rating .
 I played the bassoon in high school and purchased Jones reeds from a local music shop . 1 of 10 reeds I purchased were made properly . Not only did I spend a lot of money buying bad reeds , but it became frustrating playing the bassoon . I later found a professional bassoonist who provided me with handmade reeds and the majority of the issues w / intonation I had were eliminated.These reeds are fine - I suppose - while you 're learning the notes on a bassoon , but that 's about it .
 I have only been playing the bassoon for about one year , and have found the reed is very important ... and sometimes it 's very hard to find one that works for you . I have tried about five different brands , with Jones being one of them . I tried only one reed , and found it a bit more toward the medium than the soft , and for me at least it was difficult to play some notes and in general was not fun to play . Again , I am still fairly new to the bassoon , and what works or does n't work for me may not be the same for others .
 I am a bassoonist that has been making bassoon reeds for 17 yrs now , and I am shocked that Jones still manages to stay in business . Sure , it may be a cheap reed , but remember , you get what you pay for . The reeds are often unbalanced , the wires are loose , the blades of the reed shift very easily . If you 're a beginning bassoonist and you 're looking for a good reed , look elsewhere -- a bassoonist will only play as well as their reed allows them to , and Jones reeds will only hold you back.If you have no other alternatives locally , then I 'd suggest finding a quality , reputable reedmaker online , because these reeds are simply poorly constructed .
 I received the 12 Fret Ultimate Guitar Chord Rubber Stamp and the large and mini chord rubber stamps as a gift . All three stamps were mounted crooked on their wood blocks making them just about impossible to get straight on paper . Absolute sloppy workmanship . I have no complaint about the Ink It Up ! stamp pad .
 I really liked the description of this pickup , the technical specs , etc. . I 'm familiar with Steve Vai and his music to a degree , and I enjoy some of it . I figured I 'd give this pickup a try based on all of that and some reviews I had read . I put it in my Carvin CT6 -LRB- mahogany body , neck , maple top -RRB- in hopes that it might give the bridge position a little more bite -LRB- replaces a Carvin C22B -RRB- . The result was a rather nasal tone with plenty of output but also prone to lots of feedback -LRB- the bad microphonic kind -RRB- although it appears to be potted . I repair guitars for a living so yes I installed it correctly . I think it is just not the right pickup for this type of guitar.The pickup itself is very well made . I 've never tried Dimarzios before but I have installed them for many people . There were some reviews I read that commented on the nasal sound it produced , but I was hoping it might work for me . The original Carvin pickup is still a great pickup , just wanted a little extra zing is all .
 I was attracted to this recorder because of its low price . I should have known better . The pitch is off on some of the notes in the higher registers and it is more difficult than most recorders to get a clear sound in the higher registers . The tone in general is ok but not great . I have owned several other wooden recorders - a low cost pearwood recorder and two expensive -LRB- Moeck -RRB- rosewood recorders . Even the pearwood recorder sounded better .
 I notice there are reviews in here for the Soprano . It should be for the Alto.This Alto recorder was a terrible waste of money for me.It is a nice looking instrument , and that 's about it . It only plays o.k. in the first octave , and the sound was pretty nice , what with it being made of rosewood . Then going to the second ocatve , it was completely off . I figured , give it another try the next day , as recorders have to be broken in , and I was thinking maybe the wood was wet . I was really hoping it would sound better , but somehow knew that I got gypped.So , if you do n't want to waste your money , do n't buy this product . It will only be nice to look at and not good for much else . Maybe firewood.It also plays a 1/2 octave lower , so would be o.k. for playing for yourself , but if you are playing with other people , not so good . It would sound `` off '' . I should have sent it back . Too late now .
 This cable works fine . I love the Neutrik silent plug . But the cable itself is too rigid and too short to be practical for the typical performance . What were they thinking ? If you want a flexible cable , this cable is not for you . I gave mine away and made my own .
 I purchased this MR16 from American Musical Supply . It was defective from the start . I pressed power , the LED screen lit up for 1 second and immediately shut off . I exchanged it for another one . This happened on both the original return and the replacement . Ridiculous . This was not a refurbished item . It was BRAND NEW ! I am shocked that a brand with Fostex 's reputation can churn out this defective garbage . If it was only the first one , I would write it off as a fluke , but this is clearly more common than that .
 I received the guitar in a timely manner and the case it came with was pretty nice and sturdy.However the moment I opened the case and looked at the guitar top , I realized that there are many unusual pits all along one side as if the top was made out of some wood partly eaten by insects . I was very frustrating and did not even look at other things ! I contacted the seller and they told me it 's not a manufacture defect , IT IS JUST THE WOOD THEY USE FOR THIS GUITAR !! I returned the guitar and as a result lost 18 $ for shipping -LRB- the company was kind enough to send me a return label -RRB- Youtube `` Brad Davis Demonstrates a Takamine Jasmine S33 '' . If you look at the top very closely you can see those marks towards the neck . That guitar of course is handpicked because mine had those marks all over one side . So there is no guarantee yours will be as good .
 This is the SECOND one of these I have had to return . The first one was purchased THROUGH Amazon from zZounds . When it came it was a bag for a SHORTBOARD only . I returned it for refund only -LRB- the only option with zZounds-NO EXCHANGES for product purchased from them through Amazon . -RRB- I just received the SECOND bag today , ordered DIRECTLY through Amazon and I got the same WRONG ITEM !!!! The Item listing on Amazon clearly shows a bag with a large half moon shaped pocket that will fit a Pod bean . The reviewers above also crow about EXTRA pockets for power supply and cables . This bag came with ONE side pocket barely large enough for a couple of guitar cables -LRB- and certainly NOT large enough to carry a Pod OR power supply -RRB- . If you want a bag that will carry your FBV board , Pod , and power supply together , this item is NOT recommended ... no matter what the reviews OR the -LRB- misrepresented -RRB- picture show !
 The bridge pictured , with wide wings , is almost identical to one I 've had for 40 years . Insteadd of this one , I received a Belgian bridge . Assured that they would send me the bridge as pictured , I returned the Belgian and was sent a French bridge with no brand name , very different from what is pictured . This vendor sends whatever they have handy . A bridge is a bridge is a bridge to them .
 I recieved this slide today and am not really impressed.Looks thicker on the web site.I play dobro and thought this might be easier.It sounds like chrome over tin.Its a waste of money.If you are new to slide guitar I wouldnt try this one .
 Showing the original list price as $ 68 is terribly misleading . That has to be the price of a multi-pack of cranks . The crank is worth what I paid for it but it 's just one crank .
 This pedal is an incredible volume pedal that works flawlessly ... but only if you 're playing on clean.As a NWOAHM/Thrash guitar player I use a lot of very heavy distortion -LRB- high gain -RRB- and regular volume pedals just were n't able to tame the sound when I need it docile so I went on Musician 's Friend , saw this and thought , `` a volume pedal designed for high gain ? I 'm buying this . '' I have never been more disappointed in a pedal since I bought an Original CryBaby -LRB- compare it to a Morley Bad Horsie and you 'll be disappointed in the CryBaby too -RRB- . I understand that for some , depending on the style , this pedal works admirably . But to the metal heads out there ... DO N'T BUY THIS !!! IT WILL NOT SATISFY YOUR THIRST FOR TOTAL CONTROL OVER THE SOUND -LRB- and sound level specifically -RRB- Not only does it not adjust sound very well at all at high gain levels , the swelling/quelling of volume is completely flawed . It 's as if the volume scale went from one to two to three to EIGHT with nothing in between leaving you with basically two possible volume levels
 With so many audio editing programs out there that are easy to use and productive , this one was a complete waste of time and money . Editing is cumbersome and much for difficult to do than should possibly be . Burning your project to disk is even more unhelpful . Additionally , customer service was even more unsatisfactory than the product .
 This is a nice looking audio package for Windows , it has a nice feature set , and some good plugins . It has several major drawbacks however . The biggest one is latency . I experienced as much as 100ms latency with this product using _ all _ audio devices I have . I tried under WDM , ASIO and MME drivers - and it made little difference . This product was unusable for me . Not only that - if you are a consumer looking to experiment with home recording , this will not work with any Sound Blaster products . I purchased an M-Audio Duo box -LRB- $ 259 -RRB- , and it finaly recorded , but with 100ms latency , which was terrible . I tried it on two different computers both running windows 2000 and had the same results . Midi input is n't bad , but there is no good mapping file for Korg Triton.I would recommend looking at Cubase SL/SX instead which I have purchased and am very happy with so far . It 's a bit more fiddley than Sonar , but it actualy works , and they have a very nice effects mechanism which is easy to use . Latency practicaly went away when switching to this product . I give Cakewalk a big Thumbs Down - Unusable !
 We bought this amp at Sam Ash , but not for the battery feature . We plan to always plug it in.At our last gig , we tried to set it up and found that it would not work . No sound . Some lights came on , which seemed to indicate the battery needed to be charged , but since we were plugging into an AC power outlet we did n't understand why a problem with the battery would cause the amp to stop working.We are in contact with Crate and Sam Ash , trying to figure out whether our unit is just defective or whether it is designed to only work if the battery is healthy . We were told that the 90-day battery warranty is still in effect , but the unit is not very useful to us if we need to ensure it is charged and has a healthy battery before each gig . We 're just not going to remember to do that , and think it 's strange for an amp to work that way.Any chance anyone knows the answer - whether the amp should work as long as it is plugged into power ? Anyone else had this problem?We 'll be going back to the store to talk to them , but any feedback is appreciated !
 I was very disappointed with this tuner/capo . The tuner worked fine , although not as sensitive as my older intellitouch PT-2 tuner i 've had for years . The biggest problem for me is that the capo function of this thing does not have enough clamping force to camp down on the strings firm enough ! this is especially true for low E string . i 'm going to return this thing and get a separate tuner and Kyser capo instead.there were so many high reviews , there is a chance i got a defective unit but it appears to be more of a design problem where the spring used is too weak .
 The tuner sensors did not pick up vibrations very well . I would have to pluck a note several times before getting a reading and after I adjusted the tuning knobs I would have to wait again . Not at all ideal for quick tuning at live performances . Returned it and bought a standard Intellitouch tuner and used my old standard capo . Worked 100 TIMES BETTER . I would recommend a cheaper tuner and a simple capo over this attempt at a bundled item . Also , the angle of the screen is very hard to read , seeing as it has to be perpendicular with the neck while acting as a capo .
 Unit stopped respondeing after about 3 weeks . Replacement batteries did not work . Very disappointed as i hoped this would make key changing quick and easy .
 I never write reviews , but I felt that I had to for this waste of money . In addition to being VERY sluggish in recognizing plucked notes , it often did n't pick up the sounds AT ALL ! On more than one capoed location -LRB- 3 & 6 -RRB- , it would n't even read the low E string . No response . When it does respond , it 's slow ... and then slow to adjust to the tuning . So , you end up over-tuning . Pretty useless .
 These have holes too small to go on a motorcycle . You could ream them out ...
 These are so small , they are almost like miniature models of real bongos . Actually , I thought there was a mistake when I opened the box , like I had received a set of bongos for Smurfs or something ! The picture here on the website is pretty much the actual size .
 Very little punch and power to my existing system . Was looking for something with a bit more . Works better with my active pick ups than my passive but still not enough punch .
 I was looking forward to the 24-pack of eggs . When my package arrived there was only 1 inside . I called Sam Ash and was told they would refund my money but could not send me 24 for the price listed by Amazon which was $ 1.49 + 4.99 shipping and handling.I was looking for a bargain and this one did not pan out . I would rather have had the eggs but was satisfied with the refund . I can not believe the add is still online .
 I bought the pedal to use 2-4 times a night to get over the top 80 's hard rock/metal tones . This box sounded OK in the home studio but sounded awlful live at stage level . You have to crank the output all the way up to get back to unity gain . My guitar sounded like a highly compressed kazoo . Again it sounds OK at living room volume but not live used in conjunction with a Mesa Boogie DC-5 amp .
 I have a Grunge pedal which I rated 5 stars , I played this pedal in a store and sounded terrible , even through a 50 watt Marshall . It sounds very cheap and high-pitched . It 's got this weird tone to it , I hated it . Buy a Grunge , you 'll be much happier .
 I was recently in the market for a DJ software package so I could transition into MP3 dj-ing . I thought PCDJ was the best software on the market , clearly I was wrong . When the software was functioning -LRB- rarely -RRB- , the features that first attracted me to it worked fine . Then , things went downhill from there . First off , PCDJ has a sound dropping issue . Whenever one would maximize or minimize a window , the sound would stutter or skip , producing a horrendous noise . Visiosonic has addressed the issue , but has yet to produce a fix . It also turns out Visiosonic has a ridiculous licensing/product activation system that will lock you out of the application by changing even the slightest settings to your system 's hardware -LRB- BIOS update or a video card driver update for example -RRB- . I paid PCDJ and now I ca n't use it . Tech support was an absolute joke ; it took them one week to respond to my inquiry and finally unlocked my software . After the same thing happened again about a month later , I decided to forget about PCDJ all together . Think twice before purchasing any Visiosonic product , it 's just not worth the money . Sadly enough , the application lockout happened right before one of my DJ jobs , a very embarrassing situation indeed . Look at other software packages -LRB- heck , even iTunes is better than this -RRB- before stooping to this .
 I bought it for my husband for his birthday . It worked twice and then just did n't work again . We bought a new battery and tried that - but nothing . We did n't do anything to it , it was brand new and my husband takes good care of all of his music equipment . There was a couple of weeks between the first time he used it and the second time and then two more weeks when we discovered it no longer works -LRB- he mostly plays acoustic guitar -RRB- . I bought it from Austin Bazaar -LRB- I still have the receipt -RRB- . I was so disappointed in it that we just put it back in the box and shelved it .
 DO NOT BUY THIS AMP FROM AMAZON . I purchased this and received my amp and it DID NOT WORK ! So I returned the amp and got a new one -- still DID NOT work . So I returned again and amp did not work . I then just returned it and got a full refund and purchased somewhere else.I believe Amazon has a bad shipment of these and I do not recommend buying these from here .
 I payed more than twice what I could have purchased a NC3FX-BAG for because the picture is of a NC3FXX a completely different connector .
 Not bad , but not good . Ca n't take any kind of a beating at all . My son used this for practice only and he started having problems after the first few months . Just over a year of use and it 's dead . If you 're looking for a distortion pedal , go with an MXR or Boss ; much more durable . Decent effects , but lousy durability
 it 's o.k not to versitile . you can get the same sound out of alot of other pedals ,
 I have to be true to anyone about to purchase this pedal . I literally hate this pedal , it 's a HORRIBLE distortion pedal . I really rather everyone buy a `` BOSS '' guitar effects pedal instead of a `` Digitech '' one . I have nothing against DIGITECH itself just the horrible pedals that they produce . If you are looking to buy a great distortion pedal , then buy either Zakk Wyldes `` Wylde Distortion '' pedal -LRB- Made by Dunlop -RRB- or the BOSS pedal called `` Metal Zone . '' It is an extremely heavy pedal and it has alot more selections of the tone & distortion that you need . i would really rather you buy BOSS products people : -RRB-
 Almost everything about this product is perfect , with one exception that makes it -LRB- literally -RRB- useless
 Everything about this product is wonderful and unique . There is no other software that I am aware of that can let you produce realistic organic sounding brass like this , from your computer ! It 's all good ... Except for one thing ; The idiotic dongle ! Shame on you Arturia ... -LRB- Understand that all of my software is legally purchased . -RRB- Dongles are an old outmoded method of licensing . It 's antisocial , parasitical , and almost universally despised by customers . What if every software maker required one or more dongles ? Hmmm ? I 've lost track of how many `` universal '' dongles I 've had the displeasure of dealing with . In every case I look for the purchase of alternative non-dongle software from another company , and I 've been permanently successful in two cases . In another case , the manufacturer moved away from using dongles . I have two -LRB- 2 -RRB- multiport USB hubs dedicated exclusively to these stupid things , and I hate it . I have n't mention all of the problems with dongles here . But I am aware there are a few little benefits in being married to a dongle for your software use . . IMO the problems , aggravations , and insults , far outweigh any benefit . Rant over ... This product is the only one of its kind on the market , capable of producing the most organic sounding virtual brass section in your digital audio workstation . The results possible are nothing short of astounding ! So buy it now . Then buy a new USB hub , and build your own dongle farm !
 Thanks , Tom , for the warning about the USB dongle and Syncrosoft licensing for this product . I 've gone through that headache before with the Korg Legacy Collection , both Digital and Analog Editions , which both require a USB dongle on which to download the Syncrosoft licensing information . It took THREE months before I was able to get it to download the licenses and begin using the software . For some reason , the dongle was n't being recognized on my computer . What a TOTAL headache . Now , I look before I buy to make certain the software I 'm considering to purchase does n't require a USB dongle/key . What a HEADACHE . I 'm definitely not going to buy Arturia Brass now . Thanks for the heads up ! Jon
 if you want noise not music ... go for it ! this is the perfect way ! many guys say
 I would sum up my review with two words
 I 'm a regularly gigging musician and I 've had several really handy folding music stands . These looked like a solid option and I ordered 4 . The stands seem sturdy enough coming package , but I found them incredibly stiff and inflexible when I tried to open them , particularly the tripod base . For some reason it was nearly impossible to get the sleeve to slide down the base shaft so that the legs could be spread to an appropriate width . Sending the entire order back and looking for another product .
 I got this stand for my little kid who plays guitar . The lower part of the stand is fine but the part that holds the music book is really cheep . The book will fall off and hit the ground during the song ! It doesnt get much worse than that . This stand was such a distraction to my kid we had to get rid of it.The only reason I gave it 1 star is because the lower ` teloscoping '' part seems to do a good job and it doesnt tip over.I would not recomend this stand even if it were free . It 's really that bad!jm
 The mechanical assembly is very weak . After few months of normal use , the stand broke down . Do n't count on using it for a few years .
 Adding another 1/2 , just because it works fine.The music stand I got was clearly used since the brand name on the bag was almost all scratched off and the music stand had a lot of scratches . I purchased for a new one , not a used one . Well ... it works decently . Though ... I had difficult setting up the music stand.When I took out the music stand out of the bag , the music clips were REALLY sloppy , they were all stuck together.I needed someone else to separate the music clips with me , that how terribly stuck together the music clips were.It felt as if it was going to break easily when we were separating the music clips . Fragile.And ... How were we suppose to set it up ? There was no instructions given and it came in such a mess.Eventually ... we got it , turns out ... one side of the adjustable angle desk were already partially broken , but ... it still works even though it 's partially broken , so I 'm still using it . Do n't want to deal with paying for the shipping and handling for returning.Thanks for a used one.Lastly , the music stand I got , DID NOT look like the picture.I would 've given it a 1.5 star if I could , but I chose to give a 2 instead , since it 's still can be used even though it 's partially broken .
 Really wobbly . Very unstable stand.Does not hold music very well.The case that comes with it was torn - we were just lazy to return the item .
 The Quality was bad . Some parts were bent.The material is cheap.I do n't suggest you to buy this item .
 It is functional as a music stand , but very difficult to fold / unfold for travel . I would n't buy another one
 I am a beginning violinist and have never owned a music stand . This one looked appealing and cheap and based on the reviews I thought it would be decent.The first thing I noticed when I set it up is that is that for whatever reason it stood at a slant . I examined it , trying to find the reason why this was , but could n't see precisely where the problem was ; there was some subtle structural problem that prevented it from standing up straight . I tried placing it on multiple areas of my floor to see if it was simply uneven floorboards , but that was not the case.The stand itself was a bit too short ; at maximum height I have to look down at my sheet music , instead of it being approximately at eye level . I am not an incredibly tall person ; I am slightly under 6 ' 0 '' . A few more inches or even a foot would have made helped . I had to back away from the stand in order to not have to look down.The final thing that turned me off is how I broke the bottom tightening peg off simply by , well , tightening it . Perhaps this is my fault , but I do n't recall using an unreasonable amount of force . I believe that it simply is that the plastic is so cheap that it did n't take much force to break it off . Had I not broken it so soon it probably would have broken within a few months of use.The stand itself is made out of a metal , but it 's not incredibly strong . Just by screwing in pegs you will scrape off the thin , flaky coating of paint and probably scrape into the stand itself . Underneath the paint it seems like some parts of the stand are actually kind of rusty.Overall I am very disappointed . Since it 's broken , the stand practically unusable . In the future I will go to a real store to buy a music stand , so I can thoroughly examine its quality before purchasing , or perhaps base a future purchase off of another musician 's recommendation .
 The manufacturer did not drill some of the holes so it 's impossible to tighten the screws , and other holes have huge burrs on the inside which require filing to insert the smaller section into the large tube section . I returned it .
 Given mostly favorable reviews in the past , I was excited to order this music stand . I was extremely disappointed by the stand I received from Kaito . Firstly , the plastic packaging in which it came appeared used and dirty . The next clue was the stand 's carry bag - embroidered with SIGNTURE - missing the A ; upon assembling the stand my suspicions of `` knockoff '' were confirmed . Once of the extensions seemed dirty , maybe even rusty . It was impossible to secure the extensions such that the extension would stay extended , the knobs were poorly made , hurt your fingers to tighten , impossible to tighten fully and failed to hold the extensions in place -LRB- even my husband was unable to do it -RRB- . Therefore , this stand definitely could not hold music or a music book . I would have given this 0 stars if pssible .
 I found it to be flimsy , fiddly , and awkwardly designed , with a poorly made case that 's a little too small . Unless you really need adjustable tilt , the Hamilton folding stand that 's been around for 50 + years is far superior , has the same -LRB- limited -RRB- capacity , and is about the same size and weight.If compact portability is not a requirement , you ca n't beat the non-foldingManhasset M48 Symphony Music Standwhich also has been around forever . Much sturdier , can hold a lot more weight , with a tilting mechanism that is simpler , easier to use , and far stronger .
 We ordered this since our 2 kids in band were sharing a stand . We thought it would be a quality product for their practice time at home . When we set it up the first time , the screws that tighten the stem parts would not tighten , so the stand would not stay at the correct height . Did not seem to be made well at all . Returned for refund .
 Maybe I 've been lucky until now , but I 've never had to write a negative review on any product ordered from Amazon . Guess there 's a first time for everything!I was excited when I saw this music stand on Amazon and read its description . It seemed to have all of the features I was looking for and was a good value for the price . Unfortunately , when the item arrived and I opened the box , I was quickly disappointed . As others have pointed out , the pieces of the stand had a powdered rust on them . It came off by wiping it down , but that it 's there at all is something that would concern me . Again , as others reported , the pieces did n't fit together without considerable effort . Once able to insert them , it was impossible to tighten them sufficiently to keep the stand at a given height . One adjustment screw did n't work at all . Even with the other two tightened , just placing a file folder on the stand caused it to lower by itself . NOT acceptable !! So ... I have sent this stand back for a refund and will order another stand . Lesson learned
 The stand is ok for what I paid , but it 's really flimsy , wobbly , and easy to break.Had I understood that before buying , I would have bought a better model .
 This is a horrible product . The stand is very poorly made . The part of the stand that would hold your music is held together with a series of rivets , most of which broke upon setting up the stand for the first time . Now we have a music stand PUZZLE . We have had to bolt the top half together in the open position which totally defeats the purpose of a FOLDING stand . Save yourself the headache and buy a different stand !
 We wanted and extra stand to take with us on a tour and figured this would be just fine . We have lots of the basic wire stands but wanted a black one , just in case it had to end up on stage . We read the reviews and , even though we knew it was n't a heavy duty stand , thought this would be fine for a back up . When the stand arrived , the first thing we noticed was that one of the music holders was flopping around . Since it could n't be tightened in any way , that meant it was useless . We also noted that the `` shelf '' was a little shallow , probably not any shallower than other inexpensive stands , so any thicker music books or notebooks would not be able to stay on without something holding on tightly.As we put it together , however , we discovered that one of the hand-screw-knobs that holds the stand in place -- stops it from spinning around -- could not be tightened enough to actually stop the stand from spinning . We finally took pliers to it and was able to get it tight enough to ALMOST stop it from turning but were n't able to really ever get the stand to stay still . Since that 's a deal breaker , basically rendering the stand useless , we returned it to amazon.com.One note about wire stands in general . They use to all come with a lever at the bottom that would click into place and hold the stand open . That 's a WAY better method than something that hand tightens , which is what this stand uses , 'cause it locks the stand into place . These screw-knobs can be fine but tend to break and/or wear out .
 The stand is not even functional . The screws are not working . The quality of the stand is so low and fragile ! It is not even worth the money !!!
 The stand is very light and folds to a very convenient size but is quite difficult to assemble and disassemble with very tight joints . Because of these joints , the black paint also comes off and it makes the stand unsightly .
 It is very hard to set up for somebody that has never work with this type of product . It did n't bring instructions so you do n't know which way it opens . I almost brake the top because you do n't know which way it turns to open . It was n't a pleasant experience to set up and very difficult . After it is set up it looks nice but because we twisted it in ways it was n't suppose to open the top it looks twisted afterwards . I would recommend and easier stand or at least one that brings instructions . it should n't be this hard to set up for a music stand .
 The stand seems to work fine but the bag it came in is not new . The stand did not come in `` new '' condition . There is white marks all over the `` new '' black bag . I 'm not happy with the condition at all .
 The music stand was not riveted correctly . I would not recommend this product . You can prop your music up on a 2 by 4 and it would work better .
 Compared to other Hohner products , this harmonica felt cheap and leaky . I 'm a intermediate player on diatonic harmonicas who wanted to try a chromatic . This one really turned me off ...
 I have some diatonics and wanted to try chromatic on what I figured would be a basic 8 hole harmonica . Right out of the box this harp looks and feels really cheap . Every one of my diatonics cost half the price and look like real quality in comparison . On the back of the box is a sticker `` made in china '' Unfortunately you do n't know until you get it and it ca n't be returned . It may or may not play well . I ca n't get used to it . the 8 holes are checker board layout -LRB- cross tuning ? -RRB- open & closed holes alternate upper & lower . If I try chromatic again I wo n't take a chance on Hohner . I 'll go with Suzuki where I know what i 'm getting .
 chromatics are very fragile , and once you recieve it , its yours , i do not much like the local music stores in my city , but i do visit them for certian items , and harmonicas are on the top of that list , i recieved this very harmonica from musicians friend , , and i have a really long history w them , still it had a blown reed , and they did not help me at all , in truth they tell you that upfront , but my stomach still turns everytime i look at that harp , i paid 89 $ for a harp i never got one tune out of .
 Bad device , it only works with the included software therefore it does no good to me.I wanted to use it with my Finale program but apparently it does not produce midi signal which it defeated thepurpose of being USB . And the rubber smell is awful it 's being sitting in my garage since I tried it once and did notwork for me .
 This keyboard is worth the $ 23 , but that 's about it.To play it , you have to press some keys harder than others.Perhaps it is the interface I have with Garageband on my MacBook Air .
 I am not satisfied with the quality of this product . I think it must be retired of production as soon as posible
 I had been using an Axis HH stand for a number of years , but it wore out . Figuring I could save a few bucks , I ordered the DW550TL . I use DW BD pedals and have played heavy duty and 9000 series HH stands and love them . Anyway the new stand came in , and it is lightweight . That is the only thing good about it . It makes noise whenever the hats close and is not smooth at all , something about the internal spring is just not right . And when it 's pressed all the way down -LRB- without top cymbal -RRB- it makes a ka-chunk noise . I tried the tension adjustment at different levels and it 's still noisey and not smooth . As soon as I got the RMA number it went back . -LRB- I know , I should have tried it in a store , but local shops are no longer since `` GC '' came to town , and , well you know ... -RRB- Seems like lightweight to DW means cheaply made , -LRB- or the one I got was defective ?? -RRB- . Like I mentioned , the DW heavy duty and 9000 series function great , but they are just too heavy for an `` old-timer '' to be hauling to gigs . New Axis stand is on the way .
 I wish someone at Amazon would have kissed me first just to get me a little excited first ! this guitar is untunable all six strings buzz out from the nut to the 12th fret it was supposed to include a digital tuner I did n't get one the amp does nothing but buzz -LRB- Oh wait that 's the distortion , huh ? THAT 'S THE DISTORTION ? -RRB- stay as far away from this one as possible I 'd return it but I ca n't afford to ship it back I do n't have the cash so I 'm stuck with it ! I repeat do not buy this guitar pack from anyone !
 We tried TWO of these ! The first one arrived damaged , but it was clear from the packaging that it was already damaged when it was packaged to be sent to us . The second one had a bent neck ; so badly arced that the music store said that it was `` unplayable '' ! Both of them cruddy . Amazon made good on their guarantee and we are getting a refund and were able to return both at no cost , but what a mess ; it was a Christmas gift . Stay FAR AWAY from this manufacturer !
 This guitar is a NIGHTMARE ! The first one arrived with a huge crushing injury on the body of it and scratches where you would strum it with a pick . From the packaging , we could tell that the guitar was damaged BEFORE it was shipped . Also , there was no plastic film on the metal part where you would strum with a pick . This leads me to believe that the guitar may have been used . When we received the second one , there was plastic film on the metal part . Amazon absolutely made good on their guarantee and immediately replaced it . The first one is n't even back to them yet and the SECOND one is , according to the local guitar shop , `` UNPLAYABLE '' ! The neck is bent so badly , and in such a direction , that you ca n't use it ! I will be repacking it tomorrow to go back . This was a Christmas present for my 12 yr . old daughter who is now in tears because her beautiful looking guitar is unusuable . What a mess ! I hope Amazon stops selling from this manufacturer ; they apparently produce horribly made merchandise .
 I would love to tell you that the guitar came on time and everything was great . I ca n't though ! I ordered 3-5 day shipping for $ 20 and it came a full week late ! At first I thought that was alright and I took out the guitar . A couple of the items from the package were missing . I began playing and the amp was a bit less than mediocre . It has a very narrow range of sounds that do n't even come out that well . I figured that is to be expected from a fairly cheap item so I could n't complain too much . Actually , the guitar is n't too bad . The next day while attempting to properly tune the guitar the bottom string snapped . I let another thing slide , but the extra string that came with it snapped and that was it . I do n't know what is wrong with Silvertone , but if you decide to buy this piece of junk say your prayers .
 This pedal has way to much high end . If you like your ears bleeding and messy tone then you will like it . But I prefer chunk in my metal . I would pass this up and get the Digitech grunge pedal or even the black 13 .
 Cakewalk will not give you a refund if their software is faulty or does not work correctly . They will ignore consumer inquiries and will not give any assistance other than to tell you the basics , rather than admitting there 's a problem with the software . I 've NEVER seen anything like it as long as I 've been doing music . You 'd be much better off going with a Sony product , as they actually stand by their stuff .
 I 've got a very clean signal path , excellent converters , excellent monitors -LRB- Genelec -RRB- , I do all my matrixing and routing through an Audient ASP510 , and all I wanted the Central Station for was talkback and the cue send to talent . I liked the fact that I could move the remote control around the room , so the client could use it and the rest of the time the engineer could use it.I have three complaints
 Though I rated it 1 star , I 'd give it none if that were an option.I really do n't like to write negative reviews , but I feel other parents need to be warned when a product is n't worth the price of shipping , much less the price itself . I thought this would make a fun practice piano for my three year old son . He began piano lessons recently and needs to practice the fingering motions on the keyboard . I wanted something small with few bells and whistles and thought this little keyboard would be perfect for practicing piano fingering . I put 6 fresh batteries in it when it arrived -LRB- it does not come with the AC adaptor as mentioned in the instruction manual -RRB- and turned it on . For about 3 seconds , there is a fairly nice song . After that it gets garbled and makes a horrid static sound . I poured over the instructions to figure out what I was doing wrong . Nowhere is it mentioned that it should be making this ear-splitting garbled static no matter what button you press.The worst part is - it will probably cost me more to ship it back than I 'll get for a refund . This is an utter piece of junk and a waste of plastic . Never again will I buy an item that has n't been reviewed on Amazon.com . Save your money , be willing to spend a bit more , and find a better keyboard . Frankly , I ca n't believe Amazon.com would sell this product or not at least test it before selling it .
 I like the reed case , but I have ruined several reeds already by trying to get the tip of the reed under the rubber band . If I am very careful I can get the reed in with no problem . I have a similar -LRB- not vito -RRB- reed case for my Bb Clarinet and the reed tip slips under a plastic ` clamp ' . I have never ruined a reed with that case . I would not buy another vito reed case .
 This is a very versatile unit that can be a portable base for many different applications . However , it is most ill-suited to its advertised function , namely , that of a keyboard stand . I bought the stand to use with a Yamaha Motif XF8 , which is a heavy -LRB- appx 70 lbs -RRB- full sized 88 key workstation . I thought that the four legs and table platform would do the job for supporting such a keyboard . Not so . The legs are thin and appear fragile . They splay outwards , and during the short period of time that I allowed the XF to remain on top , I noticed the legs to slide , or at least shift position , on the hardwood floor . On top of that , whenever I played the Motif , I could feel the stand moving under the weight of the unit , and the additional pressure fluctuations of my playing . Like a frightened schoolboy with shaking knees , this one just could n't take it . Maybe this stand can really hold its advertised weight , but I certainly was n't going to wait and find out that it could not . Maybe a very light keyboard will be stable on top of this , or maybe a sewing machine or an ironing board , but not a large keyboard . I sent this one back .
 One leg 's interior plastic cap that the steel levelling screw goes in was pushed in too far during factory assembly . This makes the stand wobble since one leg is always shorter than the other 3 . The folding supports do n't have a stopping point and easily hyper-extend when unfolding them . This makes support very questionable .
 This thing weights a ton , but aside from that fact it simply looks more and acts more like a workbench for your DYI projects than to hold a keyboard . It is not very stable and sort of wobbles a bit . It took me all of five minutes after setting not up to realize that you get what you pay for and went ahead and ordered the Nord stand for my pricey Nord keyboard .
 Two of the items in this product broke the first time they were used . They are very cheaply made . Do n't waste your money .
 I know better . I should have trusted the previous review . This `` kit '' is cheaply made and not worth the cost . It should have been priced around $ 5 - if that . Do n't waste your money like we did .
 Let me preface this `` review '' by saying that this record is awful . I am not a fan or Mr. Manilow , and I find him extremely boring and unimaginative . However , as I gave this record 2 stars , there must be some redeeming factor going on here , eh?Absolutely . Although the songs he takes writing credit for on this release are without exception fairly terrible -LRB- painful , even -RRB- Manilow 's rendition of `` Cloudburst '' on side A -LRB- a tune he did not write -RRB- is beautiful . There 's really not enough I can say about this song . Witty , silly lyrics , brilliantly interesting arrangement , and Manilow 's vocals actually work well within the song.For the love of god , please do not buy this CD . It 's still horrible . However , if you happen to come across the LP at the Salvation Army for a buck or two pick it up , if only for `` Cloudburst '' .
 The main reason I chose this package over other similar products was so I could get the water key corks . However , when I received this product , there were no water key corks in it nor was it listed as being in it on the package I received . I had to spend $ 10 more in order to buy water key corks elsewhere . I would choose a different trumpet care package in the future .
 cheap , yes , but i just used the valve oil for the first time on my trumpet and it has an amazing quality of gumming up almost instantly when i play . save some long-term $ -LRB- and your trumpet -RRB- and get a quality piston oil.other than that , the rest of the kit is cheap ; the handles come off the brushes easily . the slide lube seems ok . $ 10 + shipping down the drain .
 Even though there are two pictured and the description says transmitter/receiver his comes with only one unit . You will need two to operate .
 There are no instructions on how to assemble the fiddle at all . One of the cheap strings came loose in seconds and now I have to take it to a shop to be re-strung . The instructional video is intermediate . The teacher expects you to know all the notes and scales before you watch the video so you have to go and buy an additional beginner 's guide so you can `` learn to play the Irish fiddle '' . This product should be called `` An Irish Fiddle Package for Intermediates and Suckers Like Me '' .
 Remember when you first got Windows Me , how people installed it and how much BSOD , `` Blue Screen of Death '' you got every time you used it . Sometimes it just would give u a memory error even when you had enough ram to run 7 things at once . Well thats how Gigastudio 3.0 is except - worse . It crashes uncontrollably and as soon as it begins to work something else happens . It either freezes up or crashes the pc . I have a Dual Core 2 Pentium 4 3.04 gigahertz pc with 2 gigs of ram and enough space on hardrive . Everything is updated on my pc and yes Tascam Corp. . I turned off virus scan when running this program - not that Avast has anything to do with the programs problems with crashes as a whole . Anyway , it does n't matter how good your system is ; that wo n't do any good . I built this system especially for it and it crashed like crazy . I do n't know what is worst . I ca n't even load instruments on it let alone get to use it often . I am defiantly returning this and those of you who got it to work I wonder how . I have an Audiophile 2496 Maudio Gsif , and Asio 2 compatible sound card and still Gigastudio 3.0 gives me hell . I decided that maybe Tascam should consider finishing development of their software without just distributing it bug-infested . Kontakt 2 never crashed on me and most other music samplers did n't either . But Gigastudio is a different , one of the worst products I got and it just makes me think what the software coders were thinking when they created this product ... . I rate this program a 2 out of 5 . The 2 is for the packaging and beautiful look ... . If your seriously thinking about getting this program just make sure you are ready for the frequent crashes , and the long wait on the phone for the CSR to answer you , do n't bother emailing unless you are willing to wait a week to get an answer !!
 Remember the girl who broke your heart ? She was SOOOO magic ; Aphrodite , Athena , Artemis all in one incredible , beautiful creature . You kept trying and trying and trying.She 'd play you , too . Spend a little time with you , batting those beautiful eyelashes , brushing against you so alluringly -- then blowing you off yet again . But it was always the same story -- you 'd end up alone at the end of the day with nothing to show for all your efforts but pain and frustration.You finally wised up and blew her off once and for all -- and for three months never heard from her , until , day by day , like a nasty scrape , the pain dulled , and you would find yourself surprised that hours , even days had passed without a thought of the pain that had once dominated your entire world.Then the phone call would come , and , with a sweet , honeyed voice , she 'd work her magic on you again , and you 'd think to yourself `` maybe THIS time things 'll be different ... `` Enter TASCAM and their magic product `` Gigastudio '' , the reputed sound sampler of the gods . GIGABYTE-sized , absolutely authentic sounds from your MIDI tracks . The ability to create aural magic for the price of a small television set.And I bought the hype.Not once , but twice.Now I 'm no slouch with hardware -- in addition to a one-year tech certification , I 've got Microsoft MCP and COMPTIA A + and Network + certifications . I can build a PC from the ground up with my eyes closed and diagnose and repair virtually any problem.I 've also used a number of different audio products -- Cakewalk , Sonar , Sonic Foundry , Halion , all will generally excellent results . But EVERY incarnation of Gigastudio has only caused bluescreens or simply refused to function.After shelling out the first 150 bucks and spending months and months of fruitless tweaking and rebuilding , you 'd think I would 've learned my lesson.But no , not this hopeless romantic.When music giant Tascam bought out Nemesys , the company responsible for the first Gigascrewedio , I thought -- like so many other hapless victims -- that THIS time things would be different.And so I parted with another cool 250 bucks with the blind faith of the lovestruck.Needless to say , the relationship never got past first base -- the initial installation -- and , since I waited past the warranty date , I am , once again , nicely out of luck.So I called Tascam right before the holidays.Getting only a recorded message , I spoke nicely , calmly , and gave detailed information about the problem , along with my contact information . I sent out a follow-up email , along the normal channels.No answer.I kept trying , calling long distance at different times of the day , leaving messages with tech support and the main number . E-mail after email followed.After two weeks , my patience wore somewhat thin -- hell , even a form letter would have been appreciated as a simple gesture of courtesy.But now , a month later , it seems I just ca n't get no lovin ' from Tascam.Fact is , Tascam , she just do n't care.And so , as I finally promised , I 'm parting company with Gigascrewdio , never to look back . And to all of you hoping to make music with this expensively-wrapped , overly-hyped , perfumed piece of fecal matter , expect the same . You ai n't gettin ' no lovin ' there.I , for one , will be looking into lemon laws to try and recoup my cash so as to spend it better elsewhere.And so , that eternal advice still has n't changed
 I purchased Gigastudio 3 Orchestra 11 months ago in the hopes of updating the sounds for my synth . I was intending to use a laptop so that I could travel and gig with the gigastudio . Well ... after many , many failed attempts to get gigastudio to run correctly with my chosen components -LRB- Tascam FW1804 -RRB- I needed to call Tascam for help . Unfortunately , they were not taking calls that morning -LRB- this was during normal business hours -RRB- and they simply hung-up on my call after I had been waiting on hold for 15 minutes . In addition their support personel were NEVER able to help me set-up my system even though I was using every system that they specified on their website -LRB- no lie -RRB- . Long story short ... This was not the first incident of being hung-up on and being misguided by their customer service , but it 's definately the last for me . I bought a new keyboard instead . It was much easier to set-up , and the customer support was great.If you are reading this can can rest assured that I am an average consumer and not one of their competitors because I have never mentioned any of their other competitors in this review . Tascam 's customer service is poorly managed and it shows . You 'll be happier with a different product .
 Tascam needs to take this product off the market , because I am pretty loath to purchase anything from this company ever again , and I am a 30 year loyal customer -LRB- 3340 's , 8516-A 16 track , M3700 , DA38 's , FW 1804 , etc -RRB- . If this product is any indication of the direction this company is taking - watch out!I purchased the Orchestra version after reading the rave reviews they published , but these folks must have purchased & installed the product during a very specific window of PC hardware & O/S . Anyone with a dual core will see crashing unlike anything we have seen for many years - we are talking entire OS winks out , not even a blue screen - just launch Giga Studio when you need to do a really fast shut down . VISTA is right out , but even XP will crash ALL THE TIME on modern hardware . You will not get any productive time with the software on a modern PC.Now , you wil get to see it run if you can patch together a very old -LRB- 4-5 years -RRB- PC , but it will be very , very slow . And it will still crash sometimes , PC will hang , and it will not work well at all with any other sequencers . They say to use SP1 , but SP2 is where we are now with XP.Right now , I am fighting the license scheme because after trying to get it to run on all of these various configurations , I can not restore the license , and my grace time has run out . Which gives me time to write this review.Tascam - shame on you . You need to do a recall on this baby , and at least TRY to retain some lifetime customers .
 I had a gig to play in a few days and decided to tune a half step down and decided I needed a Gb/F # harmonica for a few songs I play in the key of &#34; G &#34; . Did n't want to spend much money so I ordered this one . As usual , you get what you pay for . Made in China cheap construction and the sound is terrible . The higher reeds do n't work unless you literally blow as hard as you can . Spend the extra money for a good Hohner or Oscar Schmidt
 I own this guitar for 1 year and 3 months . Bought the package from Amazon . At the beginning , everything is fine , the guitar is good , and the amp also works well . After about 6 months , the third string start hitting the fingerboard when I play it on the first fret . That 's fine to me , it is just some little extra noise.I usually practice scales on high frets . This morning , I wanted to play C major to see how it 's nodes fit in the major scale , and I just found out that all 6 strings would hit the fingerboard on the first fret . It 's not just a noise this time . If I play the strings , all I hear is the sound of a metal string hitting on another metal . I wo n't call it music.Also , I can not find Baja 's website or any information about them . I 'll just keep it like that and stick with my scale practice in high fret.For those who consider this one , even for a beginner , I do n't recommend it .
 I got this guitar pack from my parents for my birthday . It was lame . I told them to get a Fender Standard Series Stratocaster and a matching Fender amp but they said that it was too expensive . They got what they paid for . $ 84 for a guitar alone usually signals junk , but for a complete package ? Firewood.The guitar 's neck dented easily , and the tremolo bar snapped . The amp started buzzing shortly afterwards . We returned it.Oddly enough , this site sells Gibson , Epiphone , BC Rich , and Schecter instruments , but no Fender or Squier instruments , only one Ibanez , and only the low-to-middle-end Jacksons .
 My first GA810 did not work at all so Amazon sent a replacement immediately . It worked OK when it arrived and then I set is aside while I finished a music room . When I plugged it in again it worked for about an hour total and then did what the first one did in that no sound was amplified regardless of the cables , instruments or knob positions . There is no warranty mentioned on their literature . Amazon asked me to call Sound Around -LRB- who supply these to Amazon -RRB- directly and they kept me on hold without ever answering my call beyond the initial transfer . I emailed them also with a high priority noting my problem and they ignored that entirely . Called Amazon back and they could not reach Sound Around 's customer service either . Because it was outside of the 30 day Amazon guarantee they just said they would alert the team that deals with Sound Around that their customer service was an issue . I am stuck with a worthless amp and frustrated by non-existent customer service . Hope this is helpful to anyone considering this product .
 I just got one of these in for repair . Complaint was `` no sound '' . Turned out every potentiometer - that 's every volume and tone pot - was defective . The only one that worked was the `` distortion '' pot . Obviously they purchased a bad run . The bad news is the pots are cheap . The good news is the pots are cheap , commonly used in other amplifiers and available at everyone 's favorite auction site for about a buck apiece.The zener diodes regulating the analog supply were way off spec - 16 + volts vs 12 volts and the dropping resistors were crazed.The wires going to the speaker did n't use the standard quick-disconnect connectors . Instead they were wrapped around the terminals and poorly soldered - so poorly soldered that they pulled right off.The standoffs that secured the preamp PC board were makeshift and the wrong height so they actually warped the board slightly and stressed the connections to the pots and jacks.I think we can assume the QC on these units is marginal.Finally , the 800w spec is a crock . The actual spec -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- is 80 watts RMS and 800w peak . That 's impossible . The no-load power supply voltage is + / - 30v . With that supply voltage and an 8 ohm speaker the absolute maximum peak power is 112 watts and the RMS is 56 watts . To get the 80 watts RMS you 'd have to either connect it to a 143 volt AC power line or replace the speaker with a 4 ohm unit . Neither is recommended.The only way this thing is going to put out 800 watts , peak or otherwise , is if it gets struck by lightning .
 This has a life span of 6 months with any luck . Very poorly engineered , cheap components . Out of the box it sounds OK but it begins to rapidly deteriorate . Save your money and get a different brand . There is a reason Pyramid amps are so inexpensive . The wattage ratings on these amps are misleading as well .
 When the amp came out of the box I was amazed to discover that the volume was turned up all the way . I need n't have worried . The output is so low that you 'd have trouble hearing this amp over room conversation . I 'm hoping that I was sent a defective unit , and have returned it for a replacement . I will post another review after the replacement unit arrives . But if this is the best it can do I say stay away from it .
 Do n't waste your money on this amplifier . I ordered one in October 2011 as a Christmas gift for my grandson . I did not open the box to inspect because there were no signs of trauma to the box . When my grandson opened it , the manufacturer 's box was also pristine and gave no indication to what he found when he took the amp out . The top of the amp was cracked and the front of the amp was smashed in . Because both the shipping box and the manufacturer 's box were not dented , this amp had to have been damaged when it was packaged by the manufacturer . There 's just no other way this kind of damage occurred without a dent on either box . Of course , it was too late to return this for a full refund , so we just ordered him another one . Guess what ? Both the shipping box and the amp box were in perfect shape . So was the second amplifier . The only hitch is that this one does n't work . It wo n't even buzz . Needless to say , we 're sending this one back , as well as the other . I 'm not sure just how much it will cost to ship both back because we have Amazon Prime , but it will definately more than they are worth . Please save your money and find an amp manufactured by someone else !
 When I received the amp it the front panel holding the speaker was dented in . Apparently the little blocks that keep the panel in place had been dislodged because they had only been placed in there using glue which I think was not applied properly . I thought that I could fix it and I did but when I turned it on and played it against all the other amps it was not as loud as it should be considering it is supposed to me 400 AMPs . Like another reviewer said it was putting out a fraction of the power and sound . I realize I only paid about $ 70 for it but it was on sale and it retails supposedly for close to $ 200 dollars . I would have sent it back but the delay in getting a replacement would have unacceptable . I 'll buy another amp later and give this one to a friend . Then I 'll do what I should have done and gone to a music store and paid a little extra .
 Damaged in transit , might have been a faulty amp originally . Oh well , have to have it replaced . LOUD AS HELL WHEN IT IS WORKING THOUGH ! Great Value .
 The pyramid 400 . wat guitar amp was less than the my hopes expectated due to it 's description . I refer to the adage you get what you pay 4 but this amp was the icon of disappointment and worth the empty space it takes .
 Very disappointing ! Not instructional in the least . Mr. Auger is a conceited narcissistic bum . Yes , he can play , but he can not teach or is just unwilling .
 I ordered this guitar case for my Luna Henna Oasis guitar . It was too small . I wrote to Luna directly . They said it was an old case , that they are no longer using that manufacturer . They agreed to swap it for the new style case at no extra charge . I am happy with Luna , not so happy with Amazon . Amazon needs to keep on top of such changes . This case may fit other guitars but it is a Luna case that was advertised by Amazon as the correct one for my guitar .
 First problem was end screw caps came loose in speaker . Made larger hole to remove and added plastic insert . That was fine even . Then after we installed and used only a few times they stopped working all together . We tested on inside stereo and out ... nothing . You get what you pay for ... not much
 I received these today . I hooked them to the B post of a Sony digital receiver . They didnt work , I Undid the A posts and hooked them there . Still didnt work . Now I got ta send them back and fight the seller for a refund and wait forever for it . For refurbished , they looked new .
 ok , so the first months i had this game i loved it ... it was like all i did . But then when I played it a couple of days ago , it kept freezing and not responding . I could n't even add keyboard or string music . I paid my money for a game that keeps freezing and wo n't let me add loops ? I do n't think so . If you want to use something good that will actually work , use Acid Techno 2.0 it is awesome . Do not buy this game the next year you use it it will freeze on you !
 This cd would not work in any of our computers ... we have updated computers ... so disappointed ... i had heard it was a very good cd for children ...
 this was the worst waste of money even . with in 5mins of my first use the rate knob broke . and all the wires keep cutting out . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY as i did . ihad to buy a replacement the same day i bought this . A horrible piece of equipment . DONT WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY .
 I put them in a steam room , right ? Makes sense ? It took about 4 months and they started to rust . Gross .
 This was dissapointing , i was expecting it to be RED and black checkered pattern as the title says but it was like pinkish/magentaother than that there . . ok .
 when i opened the package i was expecting an assortment of drum stick wraps ... cause that is what the picture is . What i got was single package with a design that was n't even pictured in the ad , wraps for two sets of sticks . It was disappointing . I thought i would get the green ones plus the rest . I think i paid shipping so around 11 dollars for this and its not worth it . I would send it back if it did n't take so much work .
 This lyre would not fit around my clarinet nor my friends ' clarinets ! Not recommendable ! Looks as described but just not suitable for a clarinet .
 For some reason , when this lyre came , the screw of the ring was broken , so it was impossible to get the lyre to stay on the clarinet . Otherwise , the actual clip of the lyre was fine .
 This lyre has such a small opening , that it only fit over the mouthpiece , making it SO CLOSE to the eyes that you ca n't use it . The metal is also flimsy and feels like it will break within a few uses . Stay away from this .
 I seem to be recording , but I ca n't hear any sound . The packaging was deceptive - `` intuitive , '' `` recording is a breeze , '' `` easy software , '' `` could n't be easier . '' I thought this was for amateurs . I have Windows Vista . The booklet is minimally helpful and is seriously erroneous when it comes to what I should see on my computer screen and what buttons to press.Whomper , you can save your `` copied and pasted '' comments . I 'm ignoring them . This product has some flaws and the company should work on them . Plain and simple .
 I just got it with the illusion to transfer my vinyl and cassettes but in no one place said it is no compatible with Mac !!!! is the only one system that I haveXitel INport Deluxe -LSB- Record From Your Stereo to Your Computer -RSB-
 I 've wasted a lot of time trying to get this product to work . It just does n't work with Windows 7 . Do n't waste your money like I did .
 I was anxiously awaiting the Xitel INport Deluxe which would enable me to download my old lp 's onto the computer and sync them to my mp3 player ... However , the product was not satisfactory in that it was NOT capable of going the whole nine yards in the process . It would not allow for the ripping of individual tracks from the record . This required my physically starting and stopping the record in order to set up a separate file for each song . Not good . It required the additional purchase of a ripper at about $ 50 . I have returned the product and opted for the DAK system which is just a couple of bucks more but far , far better in every way imaginable . Go for the DAK system instead . It is outstanding .
 Use a Y cable and download Audacity for free instead . A Y cable connects the stereo output of your stereo 's tape deck or amplifier to the 3.5-mm line-in input of your computer 's sound card . Y Audio Cables -LRB- 12 feet + -RRB- cost less than five dollars . Do n't be fooled by this gimmick !
 I was so excited to find this item so I could transfer my cassette music to cd 's . What a nightmare ! The software created a total disaster to my computer . Caused my computer to crash , due to a virus that contaminated it . BUYER BEWARE !!
 After wasting 6-8 hrs . on this piece of garbage , I finally gave up.If you enjoy frustration , this is the product for you , otherwise , do n't waste your time or money .
 So I waste $ 80 on this piece of junk , get it home , put it on the computer , and there 's no sound . No matter what I do , I ca n't get it to work . Do n't even waste your money .
 I order that thing last spring for using it in summer but it was impossible for me to do something with that . I followed all instructions but I was never able to make anything with that . I put it in the garbage .
 I hooked it up like the directions said and even tried a few other tricks . Nothing got it to work . Not sure if it was defective or not , just returned it . On the brighter side it was solidly built and had an excellent cable with it . Unknown why I could n't get it to work
 Update
 I have Windows XP . 3 people in my family tried to get this to work . All are computer smart . No luck . Xitel does not have customer support . You either get it to work or you return it . When you return it , you will get way less than what you bought it for .
 I am an engineer and computer literate , but this device is not the easy to use item many say.For two whole days I have been trying to get this thing to work , but to no avail . I have followedthe instructions explicitly , over and over , trying every method possible.So , I have decided to give up and call it a waste a good money . Trash . Junk . Grrr .
 I have been trying to set this up to convert my music . And they refused to even try to help me just because I am using it on my mac running parallels .
 The instructions seemed clear enough to start with and I was able to copy prerecorded music in the computer , but when I tried to burn recorded music to the CD it did n't work . An error message said that it could not determine the length of the individual bands of music . I could n't find any help in the instructions so I abandoned the project .
 This works fine under XP , but if you have Windows 7 , the software does n't show the Inport USB . I even upgraded the software , from a company called `` share * it , a service of Digital River '' at a cost of $ 19.95 . Still no go . By the way , it does n't like the regular sound card , either . When I tried to complain or seek technical support , guess what -- there 's no `` Contact Us '' on the web site . So , they got me , but do n't let them get you . Caveat emptor , folks .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- . I was very excited initially , to convert 100 + professionally mixed 90 minute cassettes from the days that I owned a chain of dance clubs . I have always worried about them deteriorating since there are many cuts that were from artists in both rock and r & B ; , which are totally inaccessible today . I suspect from the many 5 star reviews that this might be a good product but my experience was extremely frustrating . I am pretty electronically savvy and have been using PC 's since 1993 . Plugged Inport Deluxe into my USB port on a Dell laptop running Vista -LRB- high powered system with 4 gig of RAM and plenty of horsepower -RRB- . At any rate , the user manual is confusing , incomplete , and not in synch with Vista . During set up , several of the screen prompts that they said I would see , with the expected drop down menus in Vista , were not accurate in the `` manage audio devices '' . Xitel was `` out to lunch '' , telling you what to enable and disable . Vista has Sigmatel Hi Def Audio Codec speaker drivers and when asked to disable the speakers Xitel listed something totally different . So I just ignored the discrepancy and moved on through the setup instructions . I spent 4 hours trying to figure this system out , due to the discrepancies . It is not intuitive at all , so you just go with the flow and hope it works.I was finally able to download a 90 minute cassette , but then it was a real chore trying to find the darned thing on the laptop . I always had to go into the `` Find '' C : \ Cassettes , which was the file name I gave the folder in which I was going to store all my downloads . There is no way to create a shortcut from LPRecorder and LPRipper so that you can access them from your desktop . You have to keep going into the Start menu `` All Programs '' every time you want to use Inport . After I burned the cassette to my hard drive , I discovered that my soundcard was disabled -LRB- forever -RRB- . Xitel hijacked my system and would not give it back to me . When I went back into Control Panel / `` Hardware and Sound '' / Manage Audio Devices ... my soundcard speaker system had disappeared . It did not show up at all , in order to allow me to re-enable it so that I could listen to what I had just downloaded . After an hour of trying to recover my soundcard I got frustrated and un-installed all three of the Xitel programs . But even then I had no sound so I had to do a complete system Restore from a week earlier to get my system back to where it was before Xitel jacked it up . Unfortunately lost a few things that I had done in the meantime . -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 Got this because no where in the description or the reviews did it give the computer requirements . I have a Mac and this will only work on PC 's . So here they are : Minimum System Requirements : Windows 98SE , ME * , 2000 , XP or VistaBuilt in USB PortPentium 300 MHz or equivalent32MB RAMCD ROM drive * ME users must have installed Microsoft USB audio update.Rated 1 star so this makes the board , but I have an old PC lying around and will give it a try .
 Ad makes it sound easy . HA ! Finally got it to record , but then it was not the whole song - What pain-A total loss .
 i know i spelled it wrong but it took me weeks to figure out this thing . it never worked right and i actually never really figured it out . from the sound of things it sounded like i needed to download another application for it to work right or something . unfortunately i ended up buying a music box i will call it and pretty much have it figured out after a few hours of tinkering with it . the music box cost me 80 dollars compared to 11 or something for the xtel . like they say , you get what you pay for
 I guess i 'm to dumb to purchase an item like this . I followed the instructions to the letter and it 's not working . I guess I should have read the small print . Sent an e-mail to Xitel for help and waiting for response . Will re-rate later .
 This review is about the current -LRB- works with Windows Vista -RRB- version of the product . The devil is in the details . If you flip the box over , in fine print , you will see that this product will not work if you plug your turntable directly into it . Tape decks and other audio products can be plugged in directly and will work fine ; but not turntables . If you want to transfer LPs , you need to dig out your receiver or amplifier with phono jack inputs , bring it to your computer work area , and then connect this product to your receiver or amplifier . Either that or buy a separate phono preamp to use instead . The packaging and advertising says the box contains everything you need . Yes , if you are just doing tapes . No , if you want to do LPs or 45 RPMs .
 Lots of people seem to have had success with this device , but I just could n't . I keep looking over the description to find `` Not compatible with Mac systems , '' but am not seeing it . Seeking a second option , we tried it on my wife 's PC , but apparently , it 's not compatible with those either . After many -LRB- icon-free -RRB- reinstalls and confusing attempts at getting something that opened an interface , I ended up in a virtual dead end . The manual was useless , as its directions elicited no response from the interface . My wife actually used to work for Microsoft , and even she found it difficult to interpret what was going on with the software . There simply has to be a better/more streamlined option out there .
 I do n't know what 's going on ? Is there supposed to be a disc with this ? We did n't get one and ca n't get anything to work .
 It would n't work with my Vista OS computer , even though it said it would in the ad and the instructions . Returned it for a refund .
 yuk ! It does not load very easily . Directions are very vague . Just could not get it to work as advertised !
 Waste of money -- when the songs are played you are watching the guy playing the banjo but all you can hear is a guitar strumming . It 's laughable . Unfortunately , that 's not why I bought it .
 This is not specifically a review of the Ralph Hardimon sticks , because I never received them . I definitely ordered them . My 13 year old percussionist chose them . However , we received the Vic Firth Mike Jackson Signature Snare sticks instead . When we received the Mike Jackson sticks my son decided just to keep them instead of trying to exchange them for the sticks we originally ordered . The Jackson sticks are nice and working out fine . So , the low rating here is a reflection of just not receiving the item we ordered ; which is very unusual with Amazon .
 Firstly , the bag has the lining that is made for the authentic oskar waltz . The bag is fake , yes . But , not because of the interior color . Many LV bags tote alcantra linings , in shades of raspberry , mushroom and tan . Also , there are some lv bags that actually have orange linings . NOT ALL LV 's have brown egyptian cotton lining . This bag authentic retails for over $ 5000 , because it is made with exotic skins -LRB- Ostrich and snake -RRB- as well as exotic gemstones . Be the judge ? No one in their right mind would sell a limited edition collector 's bag for $ 250 . As far as the outer appearance , it looks decent , from a distance .
 usually if its tan inside the Louis Vuitton bag it means its fake . every single purse I have has the dark brown lining .
 Shame on Amazon for letting someone use this `` venue '' for selling poor fakes . You ca n't buy an * authentic * Vuitton Waltz for this price . Please do n't buy this !
 HORRIBLE GUITAR.The tuner was broken when I got it.The tuner was a blow tuner and it was horrible.I tuned the guitar with a real working tuner and the guitar went out of tune in minutes . The stand was the only `` good '' thing out of this.DO NOT BUY !! DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY !
 Be careful to buy from Music123.I have ordered the Ovation 8158 Guitar Case Black for 105 USD in Amason from Music123 . The order was delivered today to Tbilisi , Republic of Georgia by the courier service , and I before I saw whats in delivery I also paid about 50 USD delivery fee.Then I discovered that instead of Ovation 8158 Guitar Case Black the Seller sent me some orchestral stand , so it is not what I ordered . Amazon suggested me to contact Music123 first.I did two phone calls . At first call the support guy said
 I purchased this set of strings on July 14 , 2010 and never received them . I called the number on the invoice which led me to an automated machine where I believe I left my contact information , yet I was never contacted in return
 The product picture is not of the item that gets shipped . This is critically important because the one pictured is a 10a/channel , 20a/box capacity . The one that comes is a 5a/channel , which means that it ca n't handle the load that the one in the picture can . Go for something else , or buy from a place that will send you what they show you . The star comes not from the product , but the fact that Amazon did take the return with no troubles .
 Ok I bought 6 of these cause they were cheap . First one melted a fuse container . No biggie I replaced it . Second one stopped dimming . Ok . Third one the tric fried and ch 3 would never shutoff this one that made me write review caught fire under load of 4 par 38s for 3 hours . I 'm very upset
 Product is fine . Description is crap . Says 2 in several places . Says singly sold in 1 place after it describes 2 mallets . I would give it no stars for the description on Amazon if allowed . Who wants 1 mallet ??? Really ?
 The drumkit performs o.k. but - Horrible company service . I purchased the Simmons drumkit on Dec 23 2009 and the kick drum stopped working on Dec 24 2009 . Simmons acknowledged a defect in their drum pads on their website . I called and spoke to Gary at Simmons customer service and have not received any service or further communication . I have since called and emailed Simmons numerous times and can not get ANY service from Simmons what so ever . I am writing this review on Aug 20th 2010 and still nothing from Simmons . Simmons has yet to provide any warranty service , if you 're looking for a new drum kit look into another company with a better track record other than Simmons .
 hi , my name is peter i just bought the sd5k drum set and i was tottaly dissapointed . It sounds like a toy , but i was lucky that i still had my old roland sound module and my old kick drum , now it sounds great , the pads on the new set are pretty good , so if i were you i would spend a little more money and get a better set if i didnt have the capability of putting different drum parts on i would send it back in a heart beat .
 I bought this electronic drum set for my son for Christmas this year . He used it for less than 3 weeks when the foot pedal quit working ... I am still trying to find a Simmons contact who can help me get the pedal repaired or replaced . If anyone out there knows some way I can get in touch with Simmons customer service , please share .
 The pads are velocity sensitive and the cymbals only single zone , compared with Roland etc who have dual zone -LRB- this means you can get a ride and crash on the cymbal depending on how you hit it -RRB- . While you get quite a lot for your money here , the quality is not up to that of the basic Roland , Yamaha , Millenium , ... kits and the sensitivity of the brain is not comparable IMO - and compared to the ddrum brains they are blown out of the sky.Also , these drums are apparently not real `` Simmons '' . I am told that there has been no permission granted to Medeli for use of the name ` Simmons ' , and `` their unauthorised use of the name is currently the subject of legal action by the original inventor '' .
 I bought these egg shakers for my daughter 's first birthday . She 's been going to a music class since she was 7 months old so I was looking for similar toys we could use and enjoy at home.First , there 's hardly any shake in these shakers . There 's really not much in the eggs to make a sound . My daughter , who is really familiar with this toy and enjoys the egg shakers from her music class just threw these aside out of frustration.Second , they break very easily . I kept insisting that my daughter try this toy , but about after the 5th try one egg broke in half and I had little black beads all over my floor . I 'm scared to think what would have happened if they would 've broke with my daughter and I was n't around.This really is a great toy that kids love . All the children in my daughter 's music class love when it 's time to dance with the egg shakers . The problem is the way this company makes them . I would suggest looking for another brand name .
 I ordered several of these only to discover that they are actually back orderded . According to the company that actually sells them
 After reading this mic was a GHS branded version of the MiniFlex mics -LRB- as MiniFlex says on their site -RRB- , I figured I was in for a bargain . That 's not the case though . I have heard samples from the MiniFlex mics and they sounded great , but are much more expensive.I got a little less that what I paid for . The sound the mic produces just is n't good , and this was after experimenting with placement for an hour . It has some very harsh mid-tones and lack of clear high frequencies . Even after running the mic through a preamp and punching out the mids , my mandolin still sound cheap when strumming . It kinda works for soloing though.Also the dynamics of the mic are weak . Strumming hard puts out the same volume as strumming soft . I figured this out while watching the meter on the soundboard . It 's muddy , and barely acceptable , but it works.A -LRB- good -RRB- peizo would have been much better I think.If you must be heard , I just do n't know if this is better than a 57 pointed at you on stage .
 For some reason this seller and amazon are not talking because they have the sku all mixed up . I tried to order a sound hole microphone and got acoustic guitar strings instead . They gave me my money back , but I 'm without a microphone .
 I am a beginner , so I was eager to buy a quick , affordable ukulele to learn the basics on . I was fine with the idea of a somewhat low-quality ukulele as long as it lasted at least a month for me to learn what I needed . I am sad to say , it would never tune properly -LRB- although this may simply be my lack of practice -RRB- and less than a day of having it , the G string snapped . Although in the uke 's defense I may have tightened it a bit too much.On brigher side , the paint job on mine was just fine . I 'm going to purchase new strings for it and hope things work out .
 The Rogue Baritone Ukulele KC is made in China and is very inferior . One fret was too loose to fix , all frets had limits to how tight they could be turned , strings had poor support , strings would not hold tuning , even when good frets were tightened , sound quality is very poor . I have an old Martin that was always easy to tune , held its tuning , produced great sound , and had very good frets and supports . I recommend this Rogue ukulele to noone , and warn potential buyers to walk away from the item . I am sorry that Giardinelli `` Musicians ' Friend '' carries such equipment , because it diminishes the company image . Jim Moore drjimmoore@harborside.com
 I bought this instrument aware of some of its faults . I 'm used to new stringed instruments not holding its tune , but have never seen it untune right before my eyes . Stretching the strings did n't help at all . After giving up , I put it back in the included bag , figuring it would take a while until it could work as intended . A couple of hours later I heard it untune in the bag and then a bag ; the bridge flew off . I guess that I 'll get around to fixing her one day , and to be quite honest , I had her even less than that , but I 'm really thinking of returning her despite the nice rich barritone sound I briefly heard before she literally flew apart .
 My short relationship with a Rogue baritone uke included
 This pick is about as stiff as a new playing card , or maybe just a little stiffer . Before buying , go get a deck of cards and try strumming your guitar with one . If it feels right , these may be for you . They did n't work for me at all . But I still love the large size and shape . I think I 'll try this style again , but in a much thicker pick .
 The guitar claimed to have all you could ask for for fifty dollars and more . But the guitar i received was missing accessories and the paint was chipped .
 I bought this guitar for my little sister 's birthday present and I thought it was perfect , because she wanted a nice accoustic guitar and a pink one at that ; and the price on this one I thought was great but it was too good to be true . When she unwrapped it she loved how it looked but as soon as she tried tuning it the bridge cracked right in half , it 's a wood bridge and a cheap one . I 'm a very busy person and I bought it for her in march but the last thing I wanted to have to deal with was having to contact the seller and ship this guitar back so I left it how it was so I payed $ 80 for a damaged guitar that is just sitting in its package at home .
 well i ordered my guitar the delivery date and time was fine but when i got it it had a huge whole busted in the side of it im thinking ups ? ... but they need to upgrade their shipping company b/c that made me very upset to spend money and find the item -LRB- s -RRB- in bad condition and the tuner peg had somethng going wrong with it but once you fix it it 's a good product ! but delivery gets 2 stars at least they didnt deliver to the wrong house lol
 The harp is small , which is obvious , and makes a cute tinkling sound compared to the mellow sound of a mid sized harp . I mainly bought this as an introduction to harp , to see if I would be willing to spend the time and money on a larger , proper harp . I 've mostly read bad reviews about the harps that the Mid-East company makes and I do have to agree . This harp needs to be tuned often and a few of the strings are very stubborn . I bought a chromatic tuner to make tuning easier but realized that under no circumstances will my harp be precisely and perfectly tuned . One of the C strings and the following E string are especially hard to tune as every time I tighten the string , the tension will not hold and will slip into a lower key . It took a lot of patience and time to get it to the right note but now I do n't think those strings will be tuned at all.I would only recommend this harp for those who are thinking about taking up the harp but not willing to spend the money it takes on a whim . Even then , you 'd be better off just finding someone who has a harp , asking them questions and seeing if they 'll let you try out theirs . I was lucky enough to have a friend with a cousin -LRB- who had years of experience as a harpist -RRB- who was more than happy to show me the ropes . She did grow to like my harp -LRB- assuming it could stay tuned -RRB- and said it would be good as an accompaniment with other instruments or with singing . Still , if nothing else , it 's an interesting conversation piece if you have it displayed in your house .
 I have an original . This is just another cheap knock off -LRB- even though it 's from Gibson -RRB- that ca n't compare . Does n't play the same , does n't sound the same . Do yourself a favor a start hunting garage sales and the likes . It may take you a year or two but you 'll be happier with an original TV Les Paul Junior or a early 60 's model . The wait is worth it . I paid $ 350.00 for mine back in 2002 Good Luck .
 this guitar is muy malo . its no where near as good as the mahogany priced cheaped out nock-off of the humbuckers . Dont waste your money . its too expensive . i hate it .
 Bass arrived as scheduled , but did not work . I felt it was packaged poorly to travel from Texas to New York . The volume and tone knobs were loose as well . I tried to play it through one of my husband 's amps , still no sound . I 'm returning it , but doubt if I will get a replacement . This was very disappointing as it was for my son who is excited about learning to play the bass .
 OMG is the paint bad on this thing it looks like they painted on the stripes with a paintbrush and a can of spraypainthalf of the stripes just stop so half is striped and half is just white and there are drips and over paint
 This guitar was very poor quality . It was chipped up , had scratched paint and felt more like a childs toy guitar . I was very dissapointed and sent it back immediately . Not a good buy unless purchasing as a childs toy !
 This pick creates a tinny sound , scraping against the strings . It did n't enhance the sound of the strings but actually detracted from the clear tones that i desire when fingerpicking . Not only detracted but distracted . this design was a very bad idea .
 I read several reviews before buying this pick . It was kinda pricey , but i figured it has to be good if people are rating it high and willing to pay the price . I just got the pick in the mail today and was so excited . I have always liked Dava picks . However , this pick flopped like the iphone 4s and was a disappointment to me . It is heavy for a pick , not gauge but actual weight , and actually slows me down a little . the nickel plating sounds like i am playing with a quarter . It is also awkward to hold . The one good thing , as always with Dava , is that it wont slip . I do n't recommend this pick to real players who know how important a good pick is . If you speed up with your alternate picking it blurs the notes and all you hear is a swoopy sound of the `` quarter '' pick and noise . if you want to bring an acoustic to a fire to play wonderwall to a group of teenage , twilight loving , girls then be my guest , buy it . But if you are experienced and take your tone seriously , this pick is a waste of your time.I was so upset with this i went and ordered different dava picks , the ones i normally prefer . So do n't let this one pick sway you from Dava but definitely buy a different pick .
 Nice product but specifically notes AFTER you open the box that the software and hence the turntable is not Mac compatible.J and R say they are going to add this info to their website and agreed to pay 50 % of my return shipping charges - disappointing
 Bought this one for my daughter . I was very disappointed with the dead tin-like sound this instrument produced . I changed the strings , but this did n't make a great deal of difference . I expected a little more quality for the price ... this guitar did not deliver .
 Overall a very nice case . Fits an SG special very nicely with adequate support of neck and body . I have no doubts this case would protect the guitar in flight . However , the first time I picked up this case the plastic handle shattered . The handle on this model case is not field serviceable . No matter how nice the case , it is useless to me with a broken handle that I can not fix on the road .
 The perfect location for the transducer of my instrument yields low volume . Therefore I need a preamp that will boost the signal to match the loudness of my other instruments . This preamp did n't make much difference even when the input pot -LRB- on the back of the unit -RRB- was all the way to the max . If the job of this device is to merely match impedance , then maybe it 's doing its job . I do n't know . But if the job of this device is to boost the signal of the transducer , then it should offer a max volume setting that is too loud and we could choose a setting in between that suits us best . But at best it gives a slightly noticeable increase in volume.This is not a strong amplifier . It is merely a 2-band EQ with a slight loudness increase . It did not do the job for me , so I am giving it the minimum rating .
 Poor quality -- this thing stopped working after I used it with my violin and pickup system maybe 5 times . It worked nicely at first , and I was quite gentle on it . But the &#34; input &#34; adjuster on the back is made of flimsy plastic . You 're supposed to use a Phillips head screwdriver to adjust the input level , and the plastic on the adjuster seemed to break immediately .
 This pick is about as stiff as a new playing card , or maybe just a little stiffer . Before buying , go get a deck of cards and try strumming your guitar with one . If it feels right , these may be for you . They did n't work for me at all . But I still love the large size and shape . I think I 'll try this style again , but in a much thicker pick .
 This pick is about as stiff as a new playing card , or maybe just a little stiffer . Before buying , go get a deck of cards and try strumming your guitar with one . If it feels right , these may be for you . They did n't work for me at all . But I still love the large size and shape . I think I 'll try this style again , but in a much thicker pick .
 The design is great but the chin rest chipped immediately during installation . Must be not so good or dried out wood .
 This pick is about as stiff as a new playing card , or maybe just a little stiffer . Before buying , go get a deck of cards and try strumming your guitar with one . If it feels right , these may be for you . They did n't work for me at all . But I still love the large size and shape . I think I 'll try this style again , but in a much thicker pick .
 I 'm disappointed about this cymbal . Just over a year and have to replace it because it cracked . Going with Zildijian A Splash got much more out of the last one I had .
 This dulcimer came with one very positive customer review about its wonderful sound quality . Unfortunately , I could n't get past the poor esthetics to even GET to the sound quality . The cut-out `` leaves '' of the instrument are attached with what appears to be a BLUE ball-point pen . I could n't believe it ! I returned the product immediately and bought another brand of instrument that arrived BEAUTIFUL and with a case for $ 20.00 more .
 I purchased this bar in order to replace the old & rusty one that i had on my pearl marching snare . When the bar arrived I proceeded to fit it on my snare and it would not fit at all .
 In the description there is no mention in the size of this leveler . However , since the 14 '' 12 lug snare drum is by far the most popular drum in the US , I assumed this would be an easy fit . This leveler is too small to attach across 3 of the lugs and too big to attach across 2 lugs . Since it was only $ 5 , it would end up being more expensive to return it than to just eat the loss .
 Cushion has one third thickness of what shown in the picture . It is not easy to adjust height . You need your own tool unscrew the screw . Do not plan to share with yuor family member who needs seat adjustment on the fly .
 Not what I ordered . The picture provided by the seller is not what I got . Amazon should look at this particular sale site .
 I have already returned the wrong items you sent me . just return my money please .
 This music stand is a piece of garbage . The connecting faceplate splintered as I put it together . Although I repaired it using wood glue , the music holder does not hold the position it is tilted to and tumbles your music to the floor . STAY FROM THIS PRODUCT !!!
 Well , it 's red , not a very realistic mahogany ... a color I can almost work with.The music shelf does n't appear to work -LRB- ca n't tilt the shelf to an angle that will keep the music where you want it -RRB- . But my husband , for which this is a gift , may be able to fix that with a washer.But if he ca n't , we 're sending it back . You 're getting what you pay for , essentially , but it has to at least function.Followup
 The color was truly horrendous - not a cherry wood , but a bright red , and the stand was rickety . It would not tilt to hold music and seemed poorly made . Was very disappointed . Returned to seller .
 Not well made -- hardware was stripped after a few uses and my husband had to bodge a fix for it . Stand still tilts and dumped music unexpectedly . Look elsewhere .
 It looks fine , the colors are great , but it is completely useless . It wasstripped after one or two uses . You can not put anything heavier than apiece of paper on it or it slides over and everything is on the floor.If you want some decoration by your piano buy this , if you want amusic stand look elsewhere .
 The online picture of this stand is a misrepresentation . We thought it was a medium brown wood stain , but were shocked to see that it is red , a very bright -LRB- not natural looking -RRB- red . We did n't try to put it together because it is truly hideous , but it looked like poor construction . When we contacted the seller , he said we would have to pay the return shipping costs , even though it looks nothing like it does in the picture . Terrible product , terrible customer service . Do n't buy .
 This case is not terribly useful . It 's really thin and flexible . The padding feels like open cell foam inside , so it 's REALLY squishy -LRB- read , not very sturdy or supportive -RRB- . There 's no rigidity whatsoever on this bag . it 's good enough to use at home as a dust cover , but it 's about as useful for taking the guitar outside as a garbage bag . I 'll be looking for other options with better protection.This was a gift , can I still return it ?
 The pedal produced some very interesting sounds , when it worked . After a single practice where it allowed my Jackson to produces bizarre , fun , swirly spaceship noises , it stopped working . At first I heard some faint static , then nothing . The LED did not light up anymore , and no sound outputs to the rest of the signal-train . Changing the batteries did not resolve the issue , nor did connecting it to a 9V Boss power supply . The darn thing is fried , after only a day of use!This is not the legendary Boss-reliability that I have heard of . It 's especially irritating when I bought a brand new unit and this happened .
 I have this one but not with black plates -LRB- they do not do them anymore -RRB- but with chrome plates and yes with golden mouthpiece . The overall quality is very poor
 Bought this product for my son 's 11th birthday . Arrived with mottled patina ; the hour hand was swinging loosely . Can not be polished without removing Zildjian stencil . I fixed the cheap Taiwanese-made hand , but the junk clock does not keep time . Zildjian should pull this from the shelves before it taints their name . If you -LRB- or your child -RRB- likes disappointment , then this is for you ; otherwise , stay away . Deserves zero star rating , but Amazon wo n't let me do that .
 We bought the chavet bubble machine , and we also ordered this bubble fluid , We started to use this on my six year old son 's birthday It was sad to say the least , very few bubbles and sometimes none at all . One of my freinds at the party said to empty out the bubble fluid and replace it with baby shampoo . It worked beautiful big bubbles and a constant stream . our ADVICE is to NOT BUY this product .
 If you do n't mind eye strain these tiny little lines will take a lot of music notation . I got this same brand in a notebook , because it was all the music store had in stock . I tired it out and did not like it . I am now shopping for some music notation paper with big lines . Please consider that hand written notation is harder to read than mass produced notation . The color of this paper is also beige and not white or off white .
 Glasser makes the crappiest product I have ever used in my life . I have to use a wrench to tighten the nut , because the threading on their frog screw is so coarse , that you can never get a proper fit between the frog -LRB- the black part -RRB- and the stick -LRB- the brown part -RRB- . And so the nut is under constant pressure and impossible to turn.I had to buy one of these recently , when my bow had a problem right before a gig . Worst money ever spent.Do yourself or your students a favor and avoid these at all costs .
 I dont like this seat . I only used it a few times and hate it . I never use it . I wasted my money on this pos . It hurts my Nut !!
 As a full-time audio professional , I have spent at least 5-6 days a week in several professional studio facilities for the better part of the last 20 years . Having worked with hundreds of studio monitors -LRB- Genelec , Dynaudio , JBL Professional , KRK , Yamaha , Event , etc. -RRB- , I chose the Alesis M1 Active 520 as the main monitoring system for my home project studio because of the Alesis name and the sound quality of these speakers for cost . They sounded great when they worked
 This amp came in a package for a beginner guitar I bought for my daughter . It did n't last a week . I 'm taking it back to the store to exchange it .
 One Star because I absolutely had to . Where are the negative stars?I bought this stand for roughly 25 bucks at Novamusik.com . Yeah , it is a cheaper stand , but I am writing this review because it 's advertised in such a way that will surely mislead someone to think that it is something that it is not . First of all , the stand is your standard tripod boom stand , which is a tripod based straight stand with a boom attatchment -LRB- for those who have never purchased a boom stand before -RRB- . The stand is made of tubular steel , and the metal is actually decent . The boom attatchment is fine . The main issue with this stand is the polycarbonate base upon which the legs are attatched.It 's plastic . The legs are atttched directly to plastic by a screw . The packaging and the website both brag upon this design flaw stating `` The legs will bounce back if stepped on . '' This is n't the case at all . If you step on it , the plastic turns white and weakens before it breaks . There is no mechanism , there is no shock absorption system in this stand at all . I had JUST opened the package and I was testing the resiliency of this `` feature '' when the leg snapped away from the base . Yes I applied more than necessary force , yes it was stupid , but nontheless I feel that I did n't apply the same level of force that someone would have if they had stepped on it . I told Novamusik not to worry about replacing it as I knew It was my fault . I never intended on pretending that this was some fluke accident.This `` bounce back '' feature was what made me buy the stand.This `` feature '' is not even a legitimate safety feature . They are rationalizing the fact that they cut corners . Of corse the base is flexible ... its plastic . It 's like automobile makers that make plastic bumpers that proclaim `` if you get into a wreck , just put some heat on the bumper and it will bounce right back '' it 's a cost saving measure that they market as a feature but ultimately , the base is weakened and was not designed for this purpose . It can be more accurately described as a one-time feature . Like a motorcycle helmet , the one time you hit it , you weaken that styrofoam , and it is no longer effective in it 's purpose.Every other boom stand that I have seen , that I own , that I have paid a similar price for , the legs are attatched to metal.Also , the packaging states that the stand has `` replacable parts '' this is also blatantly untrue . I called and spoke with Scott Rickett -LRB- spelling -RRB- who said `` Well , how much did it cost ? '' implying that the cost was negligible , and continued `` It 's just too cheap for us to stock individual parts for so we just sell the whole thing . Im sorry , and I hope you choose quicklock in the future '' in a way that was very disingenuous . He did say that it sounded like my breakage was considered out of warranty/misuse and I did n't argue that . I was really hoping that I could get a replacement stand at cost or something because their advertising was definately misleading . Overall he did not sound interested in speaking to me at all , and the entire conversation was rushed.Oh , it should also be noted that in the small number of times that I tightened and loosened the clutch since the other day , the rubber on the grip is coming off on the inside.So to sum up , there is no shock absorbtion system in this stand , and it does not have replacable parts . Quicklock will not stand by their product 's advertising . Do not buy this stand . Look to Ultimate Support or On-Stage Stands for better quality products or perhaps even better customer support!For the record , I do own a keyboard stand of theirs , a 2 tier keyboard stand . I purchased this stand to hold an Audio Technica AT4040 that I bought with the stand . Im glad I got a more durable studio boom stand.Please see my customer images of the misleading advertising and the resulting product.E
 There is no such thing as a B-flat alto clarinet -- B-flat clarinets are soprano clarinets , and alto clarinets are in E-flat . To me , although I have no experience doing business with them , I 'm glad I have n't ! This is a sign NOT to do business with these folks !! I see multiple listings with this utterly ignorant mis-information and it is uncorrected .
 The rattles that I ordered were much different than was what pictured online . They were fluorescent green and had `` Mexico `` written on them . When I went to return them , I had to pay for the return postage which was practically what I paid for them , so I decided to keep them and paint them . Very disappointing .
 This mixer is NOT what you want if your into or trying to learn how to scratch . The cross fader is NOT sharp . You have to be basically in the middle to even fade . Blending with it is ok , but not the best I 've seen . Shop around before buying this one !!
 This mixer is to basic . If your going to spend your money then spend it right the first time . Look into the BEHRINGER VMX200 , NUMARK DXM01 , or a Gemini UMX-7 . Good luck in your search .
 This mixer is complete grabage . After a week the x faderd started crackling and sound only started coming out of 1 speaker . The eq knobs only have high and low and their range is pretty small . This mixer is also completely useless for scratching and its sound quality is bad . The only good thing is that its cheap but you get what you pay for . I recently bought the stanton sa-5 which is way friggin better than this piece of sh ** .
 This mixer is definitely garbage but if you buy the Stanton Spin Cycle Pak , it 's adequate for beatmixing and blending . Do n't even try to scratch using this though . The crossfader on mine started crackling and bleeding after about 2 weeks . Def . not recommended
 Product not as per display imageYou get a pair of StantonTrackmaster II RS Phono CartridgesWhat you do n't get is the extra needles as displayed in the image of the product on Amazon.Very misleading ... You also do n't get the cartridges packaged flat in the case , but rather they come suspended in the case , as opposed to being securely packaged flat in the case as displayed in the Amazon image.Suffice to say as a result of the poor product packaging I received my cartridges with the covers meant to protect the needles on the cartridges lying loose inside the product packaging.I bought two pairs , removed from packaging and case , one cartridge in one of the pairs does not work , have to return one pair for a refund ... Looks like Stanton is no longer a reliable brand ... My advise would be to rather view this product and buy from a shop even if costs a few $ more , that way at least you will be buying what you see unlike the misleading image of the product on Amazon and furthermore hopefully in working order.Alternatively but another BRAND.Disappointed !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I 've checked several listings for piccolos for sale . No indication of the brand/make/manufacturer is provided . This is n't satisfactory for potential buyers !
 I was excited to unpack this beast . I especially liked the blue illumination , but when I wanted to demonstrate to my kids what you can do with this mechanic marvel , I was disappointed that the needle was missing !!! The whole reason I bought this , was that I have an old one with a broken needle . So I spent 280 bucks , for a new needle and what did I get ? Another turntable without a needle -LRB- or cartridge -RRB- Bummer !!!!
 I got this mixer yesterday and i must say it is horrible being so happy for a product to come in only to realize that you ca n't even use it ... why you ask ? because it did n't come with a power adapter !!!!! how am i supposed to even try out the product if i cant turn it on . also I dont know what happened to the original butter like fader but this one was not that . I bought this mixer after extensive research and playing with a fellow DJs and I was very impressed but the one that I received was far from perfection . I have decided to not contact the seller about this information but rather instead of going through hassle of sending it back and making sure money is returned I just bought a innofader and am going to hopefully find a replacement adapter .
 First , the e-mail message I sent about the urgency of my delivery was left responseless and they acted on their on convenience.Second , in the picture you see two cartridges + two spare heads however there were only two cartridges inside the box and that was it.Will never buy anything from beach audio ever again .
 Low End cartridge . A decent cartridge would have an elipitical stylus , and not damage your vinyl so fast .
 Do n't be fooled by the image you see of this product on Amazon.Sure you get a pair of StantonTrackmaster II RS Phono Cartridges which are great in every respect ... What you do n't get is the extra needles as displayed in the image of the product on Amazon.Very misleading ... You also do n't get the cartridges packaged in velvet , but rather they come in a see through case and the cartridges are suspended in the case by rather poor quality hard plastic which rattles in the case , as opposed to being securely packaged in velvet as displayed in the Amazon image.Suffice to say as a result of the poor product packaging , I received my cartridges with chips to the silver paint work ... covers meant to protect the needles on the cartridges were loose inside the product packaging and the plastic product packaging was scratched and chipped in several places.My advise would rather be to view this product and buy from a shop even if it costs a few $ more , that way at least you will be buying what you see unlike the misleading image of the product on Amazon.Disappointed !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I bought a pair of these cartridges only to find out that they did n't include needles . Normally , I would n't have a problem with that , but since they are advertised with needles -LRB- see picture above -RRB- , I found this to be a problem . And like the previous reviewer said , the advertised version comes with a velvet interior which would provide better protection during shipment . But all I got was some hard plastic and cracked cartridges . I am now in the middle of fighting for a refund . Let the buyer beware .
 the product brings the 2 cartridges but no extra needles
 This will be fine for the kids in our church . The gentleman that we got it for liked it but it is much too small for him .
 I am a classical pianist . I read the product description carefully and it does not accurately describe the item .1 . It claims to allow the musician to enter rhythm sequences . In fact you can not program your own sequences -LRB- for example for practicing scales at increasing tempos -RRB- . It has preprogrammed drum sequences .2 . It claims to have a `` tutor '' component . That is not accurate . It does play drum riffs , described in what I am assuming is drum jargon . It certainly does not have a tutoring component for complex rhythms , polyrhythms , or for any mucisian other than a drummer.This machine should be described as a drum machine . No one would spend $ 100 for something they can only use for basic metronome purposes , since all the high tech items in this metronome are strictly for drummers.Worse yet , when I opened it and inserted the batteries and began attempting to use it -LRB- no other way to try it than insert the batteries -RRB- , it became immediately clear that it was not what I needed.The vendor would not issue a full refund since he claimed the item was not in perfect condition . In fact it was , since I opened it , tried it for a few minutes , and then immediately boxed it up again . The seller kept a $ 20 `` restocking '' fee . He also did not acknowledge my returning the item for 2 weeks and in general provided poor service . When I informed him I would have my bank reverse the charge , he immediately issued a partial refund , to make it more difficult for me , despite many emails stating I would not accept a partial refund.Buyer Beware !
 I bought pick , wondering what a rubber pick would be like . These wedgie rubber picks are much easier on the fingers , you can grip as hard as you like , and the softness will not rub your fingers raw . On the other hand , the rubber easily grabs onto the strings , getting stuck , and basically makes it impossible to play with , unless you are just picking and not strumming . Good idea , but I do n't suggest these .
 These picks do cut pick noise but with an acoustic guitar they wear very rapidly and leave a rubbery residue all over my guitar . I do n't like the thought of what damage that stuff would do over time to the inside of my guitar with that stuff getting all over my pickups , etc. . Big disappointment . I 'm getting a lot of high string in my guitar sound and thought these picks might solve the problem . Back to the drawing board I go .
 I 'm sure it 's a fine pick for other purposes , but it 's not for the ukulele as advertised , unless you only want to do ONE -LRB- strong -RRB- strum .
 These picks do not add a natural finger plucking sound to your playing . All I got out of them was muted twangy sound . They stuck to the strings so much I had to strum twice as hard to get half the sound . The rubber also left scuff marks all over body of my instrument . Terrible purchase . Try something else .
 I got the soft rubber picks for playing my ukulele and I did enjoy the sound that they produced . It sounds like playing with fingers because you get none of the clickity clacking of a pick on the strings . The problem I had with them is the way they disintegrate as you play . They are exactly like using a rubber eraser to strum , and they will coat your lovely instrument in sticky white flecks . It looks like the ukulele has a bad case of dandruff . After afew weeks all you are left with is a little rubber nub that is good for nothing . I switched to felt picks and have been much happier .
 A beginning uke player , have trouble holding onto the felt pick , so thought this one might make it easier . It 's supposed to be soft like a finger . It IS easier to hold onto , but it REALLY drags across the strings . Does n't feel at all like real fingers on the strings . Too much work for me to use it . For guitar , think a regular pick and some Gorilla Snot might be the better choice . For my uke , guess I 'll stick with the folded paper pick , like Dad used to use .
 These picks would have been great because of the rubber grip but the actual pick part that plays the string is also rubber ! What were they thinking ! The strings do not play crisp and clean . Strums sound muted and you can not do fast action picking effectively . So a 2 for a good grip idea but bad accoustics .
 Sounds nice . If your picking on an acoustic it 's not quite loud enough . Not only that but they wear down easily , and leave rubber dust on the beautiful finish of the guitar . It 's pretty hard to get the rubber dust off . It 's worth a try if you do n't mind getting a bunch of rubbish on your guitar .
 I bought this pick because my previous pick was slipping too much ... But ultimately I did n't like this one at all because it wears very quickly and leave little perks of rubber on guitar . This one is very horrible product . But it sounded nice as it is rubber . Not for long run use ...
 No , no no . This is a bad idea . the pick does not glance or glide off the strings . you have to pull the pick off and away from the string .
 I really wanted to like these picks . I did n't . They were thick -LRB- I knew that going in -RRB- and uncomfortable to hold . The material made the sound extra-muted . If you 're looking for a finger-picking sort of tone/sound , then learn to finger-pick ... . you 'll appreciate the tone coming from your own fingers more than these .
 I bought this as a pick for electric bass but found it was still not hard enough and it lowered my playing volume compared to a standard pick . I tried it on acoustic guitar and again the volume is a lot lower plus the highs were quieter , too . I just did not like these and do n't see me using them .
 I bought one of each Soft , Medium and Hard Wedgie rubber picks and even though the colours were right , the Hard is as soft as the Soft . They felt exactly the same in fact . The Medium was the hardest out of the bunch.Packaging error ? I have no idea . The fact that each stiffness only comes in one colour and the colours were right lead me to think something is wrong with the manufacturing . So check with what you get.Sound wise , the rubber really removes the treble on my acoustic guitar , making it sound really dull and muted.There is a lot more friction from the rubber on the strings that I do not think it is idea for strumming.The only reason I can think of using is if you want to reduce the noise but frankly , you would have much more control if you used your fingers instead .
 If I had to say something good , it would be that the pick is easy to grasp and a decent size.Otherwise , I found it stuck to my strings and was annoying to use and slowed my play.I play a 6 string acoustic - soft rock , bluegrass , etc. . Maybe another type of guitar player would like it.Luckily , it was a cheap buy .
 I purchased these picks , because I play bass in an alternate punk metal band . We play drop tuning and playing with a plastic or nylon pick creates alot of noise . I was hoping that these picks would stop the pick noise . They do n't make that annoying plastic to metal sound , but they are very flexible . I need to have alot of pick speed . These slow me down way to much . The other reviews I read stated that these were like rigid picks , but no they are not . Too bad as i had high hopes.Good picks if you do n't have to tremolo pick , not very good if do have to .
 They sound great , hold in tune very well , but my high E string broke after less than a week of use . I Do a lot of alternate tunings on my acoustic , but nothing out of the ordinary . As a matter of fact , I was adjusting to Eb when it snapped . I may have received a bad batch but I 'm pretty sure I wo n't be purchasing these again due to the price I paid and the amount of time they lasted .
 Ordered and received this guitar a few months ago and it was the worst guitar I have ever seen or played ... . Ever ! The craftsmanship was simply horrendous . Terrible glue job inside , Nut slots were cut all the way to the bottom of the nut , Splintered bracing , Bad final finish , Intonation worst ever , Cheap tuners , Bad strings , Gig bag totally cheap . I ca n't think of anything good about it . If it sold for $ 39 I would not buy it . Would give it NO STARS if possible . You can buy tons of other classical guitar at this price and not have to address any of these problems ... Enuff said !
 Dude , you 're completely right ! Actually , I 'm brazilian , so I know many of the guitars from Giannini . In fact , I have one , and I 'm forced to agree with you.But , on the other hand , Gianinni 's guitars are very popular here in Brazil . And I will be lying if I say that they 're not appropriate for the beginner . Any intermediate student of classical guitar knows that guitars like these do not correspond their abilities . But , for the beginner , its not that bad.Anyway , buying gianinni guitar depends on how you 're going to use it . Do n't you agree with me , man ?
 I returned it , it was a little too expensive for something I could buy a lot cheaper . Bummer , cause I had to pay to ship it back .
 Piece of junk ! I ended up re-buying this locally . I 'm not saying the brand was junk , who sold it to me is in question . It was obvious this did n't work .
 These Karaoke systems that play CDG discs seem nice , but have a basic flaw . The CDG discs do not contain very many songs . The first discs only had 4 songs each . Some newer discs have up to 16 songs , but they have to be short.To get a good library of songs , you need to collect a lot of discs . To jump around from song to song , you have to keep changing discs . And , it is like the old DVD players , where the system takes a long time to recognize the disc.This is a big cumbersome unit and hard to transport.Get a Leadsinger microphone instead . It is the same price , comes with 300 songs and is easily portable .
 I ordered two of these as Christmas presents last year
 I ordered two of these machines for my two 8 yr old grand daughters for Christmas . Both were defective ... volume on the mic could not be heard over the CD playing and on one the monitor did not work . I suppose because I had bought two ... I still have not been able to return one of the machines ... I have gone on line twice and talked to a rep once and one machine is still sitting on my porch for UPS ... I made a buying decision based on reviews of the machine ... I wish I could have read MY review in December . By the way there is only ONE microphone for those TWO mic imputs .
 Do not buy . Bought this for a Christmas gift -LRB- from santa -RRB- despite the bad reviews . Did not work after I plugged in microphones . Customer service for the product did not return phone call for four days . By that time I had purchased a different brand .
 I can not believe they actually sell this thing . Quality is incredibly low and we got an error message half way through most songs that required us to reboot it constantly . Shipped it back today . Lame Christmas present .
 We were very excited about this karaoke machine , told everyone about it etc. . It was supposed to be a Christmas present for our 7-year old . We got a set of karaoke CDs for him too , and were all ready to open it on Christmas morning to have some family fun ! It turned out that the microphone jacks were n't working . The microphone itself was fine , the screen worked ok showing the lyrics , but there was NO WAY to get the mike to work . We even tried a different microphone because we happened to have an extra one at home . Did n't work either so the only conclusion was that the jacks were messed up . It was such a shame . We really loved the idea of singing karaoke at home , and that was supposed to be our best present this Chrisstmas . We had to return it . We were even willing to exchange it but they were out of stock ... I guess we 'll just use the refund money to buy another one somewhere else and pray that it works : -LRB-
 The jacks are plastic , connected directly to the circuit board and break quickly . Can not replace them with metal jacks because they attach directly to circuit board . Knobs are flimsey and break quickly . Overdrive sound and tone are weak , as is the poor delay sound and tone . Do yourself a favor and buy another brand .
 nunca recib&iacute; el paquete , lo espere desde hace mas de un mes y nunca llego a mi direcci&oacute;n de casillero .
 The Korg MM-1 is about 1-3/4 '' long and slightly bigger than 1/2 '' at it 's widest portions . The button to switch it on/off -LRB- and to change mode -RRB- , and the buttons to increase or decrease metronome setting are even tinier -LRB- about 1/16 '' by 1/32 '' -RRB- . The KOrg MM-1 is almost entirely made of plastic that does n't seem to sturdy . It looks like the battery compartment is at high risk for breaking since it is the only movable part -LRB- aside from the clip -RRB- . I do n't think it will survive too many falls on a hard surface -LRB- or the pressure from a stack of scores/books -RRB- . I got mine to work briefly . It produces an `` electronic chirp '' rather than a `` tick '' -LRB- or `` tock '' -RRB- . It has no volume control , and the `` chirp '' is a bit loud when it is placed right on the ear -LRB- as pictured in some ads -RRB- so you have to figure out whether you want to attach it to the ear or somewhere else.After a few minutes of trying out different speeds , it just stopped working . Could n't figure out what went wrong . -LRB- Might have been a case of dead battery coming with the product ... I do n't know . -RRB- This Korg MM-1 is not for me -LRB- I 'm a pianist -RRB- - it 's going back where it came from .
 I purchased this to use while running . The battery that came with it did n't work ... I purchased a battery and it worked for 4 runs . Nice idea , but unreliable .
 I bought a Korg MM-1 Micro Metronome ... the idea is great , a small in the ear metrognome . The problem is that this unit is pretty much worthless . Obviously the setting controls are small and hard to see and use , especially for those of us needing reading glasses . Main problem is the unit is unreliable and worked only sporadically . Several times I would have to remove the battery and then re-install to get the unit to work ... finally I 've figured the best thing to do is simply throw this unit away and find something that actually works . jg
 I bought the Korg MM1 to help with drum rudiments - those repetitious things you must do . However , I soon found that when adjusting it in the ear , it is nearly impossible to NOT touch one of the three controls which will change the tempo up or down or change the mode.I 'm considering sawing a penny in half and using silicon sealer to glue it right over the KORG on the body - like the back fin of a fish . Then and only then will I have something to hold onto that does n't have a control button.Once the back fin is in place I 'd give it 4 stars due to its handy size and capabilities . Out of the box , its only 2 stars .
 I 'm a drumer , and I wanted to buy de MM-1 to use it while rehersing with the band . The problem is that when I start playing I ca n't follow the beat of the MM-1 because I ca n't hear it over the drum set , the guitars , the base and the vocals !!! So there 's no use to try it while playing with a band . I could recomend it to Bass or Guitar players to practice at home , but nothing else .
 When I buy CD burning software , I do n't expect much . If you want to edit something , you are going to buy editing software , so halfway attempts to add editing functionality are superfluous . The one thing I do expect is that it be able to burn a CD-Rom . This product has no ability to burn a CD-Rom unless YOU CREATE THE CD-ROM INSIDE PYRO !!! This means if you have an old ghost image , forget it . Download a linux iso , forget it . Do you have backups , lying around on your hard drive ? Forget it .
 This software is of no use whatsoever when it comes to playing & listening to CD 's as a simple listening tool . If you want to slap in a CD and burn a duplicate of it , it may be ok . But if want a ` jukebox ' to listen to CD 's etc. , run the other direction . It is so bad I am going to eat the $ 40 cost and throw it in the garbage . I am serious , it is that bad .
 I had the same installation problems . THe program would install and I could open it , but nothing worked . I could n't play any audio file . I just got the same error message that the file could not be opened . Emailing customer support gets very old . I tried to jump through the hoops but could never fix the problem . I 'll likely give it to my sister for Christmas and hope she has better luck with it on her PC
 Shuts down in Windows XP , error report appeared 5 times . Each time I started to ` add ' mp3s to project it froze and pretty much never worked again.GARBAGE !
 I had the same experience as the person who had to go into regedit and tweak stuff to get this puppy to work . And then they wo n't give support over the phone -- only by email ! Originally I was going to buy Roxio , but was successfully sidetracked by the cheaper price of Pyro . Ooops . I 'm going to the computer store where I bought this thing to buy a copy of Roxio or Xing.I 'm giving it one star here because they wo n't let me give it none .
 I am very unsatisfied with this program . I have many mp3 files , some a couple hours in length.This program only reconizes about fifty percent of them . This program is going in the garbage .
 I am running XP ; I bought Pyro 2004 to replace Roxio because I liked the idea of an integrated package . However , there were problems from the start.In `` Record an Audio File '' mode , Pyro unpredictably shut down when I hit stop play on an mp3 , or when I tried to display an mp3 in the lower panel . In some cases it generated an error message.I contacted product support ; this is what they told me to do :1 . You 'll need to uninstall Pyro 2004 or MediaWorks . Remove allshortcuts also .2 . Click the Windows Start button and select Run . At the prompt typeREGEDIT and click OK .3 . Backup your Registry before making edits - you do this by clickingthe Registry menu , Export Registry File .4 . Now delete the following Registry keysHKEY_CURRENT_USER \ Software \ Cakewalk MusicSoftware \ `` MediaWorks `` HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE \ Software \ Cakewalk MusicSoftware \ `` MediaWorks `` If you have `` Pyro 2004 '' instead of `` MediaWorks '' delete that folderinstead .5 . To ensure that other programs are not interfering with theoperation of MW or Pyro , do the following . * turn off auto-insert notification for all of your CD drives -LRB- clickStart , Settings , Control Panel , System , Device Manager -RRB- In XP , put a CDin and select `` Take No Action '' and put a check where it says `` AlwaysTake this Action . `` In Win 98/ME/XP , choose Start | Run and type MSCONFIG . Click OK , thenclick on the Startup tab at the upper right of the window that opens.Uncheck all items listed , click OK , then restart your computer . Youcan always recheck those items again at a later time . In Win 2000 , click Ctrl + Alt + Del and manually End Task on the items you do n't needrunning . Restart6 . If you have Adaptec Direct CD , Napster or Roxio 's GoBack , make sureyou uninstall or disable them temporarily . Also temporarily uninstallany other burning software on your machine . Now reinstall Cakewalk.Other mp3 burners do not need this much nursing ; Roxio and Xing work perfectly out of the box.I 'll probably have to go through this procedure , since I wo n't get my money back . If I 'd known then what I know now ...
 I bought this program three days ago , 7/12/2004 . I just bought a brand new computer with XP , and a CDRW Drive , and a DVDRW drive came standard with the computer . PYRO 2004 keeps telling me my computer has no rewritable drives installed , so I go to the cakewalk website to download the new drivers list so it will recognize at least one of my drives , and still no sucess . The only way to get support for this product is through E-Mail . Three days and I 'm still waiting . I will never buy a cakewalk product again . They use to be good with music programs .
 This software is costly if you plan to just rip tracks for MP3 in or out.Cakewalk Pyro . First you will find that the Gearlang DLL file has n't been up dated to run with XP multiuser windows software , which XP has been out on the market for years . The dll file library is not a shared library which means only one user can rip CD 'S that user is the admin . of that computer ; so everyone else will have access to the admin 's personal files while using this program . Be aware of the limits of this software . If you really need the bells and whisles it might be a value to you ? NOTE Gerland DLL . file 95/98/NT -LRB- NO -RRB- 2000 or XP update .
 I bought this program after reading reviews of several products . Maybe it 's the best thing since sliced bread , but I could n't get it installed . I called and e-mailed Cakewalk 's tech support , and after 5 tries I gave up . I have a new machine running Windows XP , and even though the program is supposed to be compatible , it is n't . I 've since heard from several would-be users who have had similar problems . I do n't know what to recommend instead of this program , but unless you 're willing to pay a high price in frustration , get something else .
 Installed , following directions precisely . Tried to rip one track from a CD . Did n't work . Tried 5 times . Went online to obtain driver updates . Tried same CD . Did n't work . Tried a second CD -- 5 more times . Same error message.Was there any quality assurance done on this project by Cakewalk ? I am seriously disappointed . I want my software to work right out of the box . This piece of junk did n't even come with a manual . You open the box and it contains a CD and a piece of paper telling you to visit Cakewalk 's website . Lame , lame , lame . I do n't have time to track down solutions to problems that should have been caught by Cakewalk 's QA dept. Shame on you , Cakewalk .
 These drums are a disappointment , though , from what I saw , there is really nothing decent out there . The hardware is cheap and rickety , the cymbals horrendous -LRB- pie plates actually sound better -RRB- , and the drums are barely tuneable -LRB- only 4 lugs per rack tom , 6 per bass drum -RRB- and even changing the completely useless heads yields only marginal results . Now do n't get me wrong ... I 'm not expecting this to sound like Neil Peart 's touring kit , but what I am expecting is that the kit should be rugged enough to last 6-7 years and sound like a musical instrument instead of a cardboard box filled with nuts and bolts.The bass drum pedal is marginally playable . Hi-hat pedal is strictly for appearance and hardly playable.The only thing that I would say that Union did comparatively right , were the drum shells , but even then ... I said `` comparatively '' after all.Not sure if the Ludwig Junior kit fares much better . As far as I can tell it has only an upgraded bass drum pedal and hi-hat stand . Everything else is basically the same . Not sure if that is worth the extra $ 80 . If you 're on a budget and do n't care so much about the positive reinforcement a good sounding instrument will provide to a beginning musician , or you just need a trial kit to see if little Tommy will keep up with playing , then this kit is fine.If you 're looking for a good investment that will provide a great instrument to learn on , consider contacting your local drum store for a better -LRB- though of course much more expensive -RRB- option .
 I bought this at a local music shop and did not like it at all . The rubber scratch the polish off of the instrument and it wo n't stay . Terrible product , DO NOT BUY !
 I have been using this rest for almost 2 years . I started playing when I was 9 , in the summer of 2010 . This rest has NOT been very cooperative !!! After only 10 minutes of practicing the rest would fall off when ever I would place it on my shoulder . I tried to tighten the rest , lower the rest , and raise it , etc. . But nothing helped !!! I would be in my 1 hour lesson and probably 15 minutes of it would be dealing with the rest . The rest has been a real nuisance !!! IT ALWAYS FALLS OFF !!! I am going to try the Wolf Secundo rest and will comment on it when I receive it .
 Ordered this and it looked fine but one of the legs that hold the rest to the viola broke within 3 weeks . Wo n't be ordering this again from Amazon . Too hard to get a replacement organised .
 I bought this for my daughter this February . It worked great in the past 10 months . But just recently we found one of the rubber legs becomes soft and loose , and ca n't gripe the violin securely.I am so dissapointed on the quality of this brand .
 Open box it came in . Took out amp . Felt lite as I pulled it out of box , which was nice . Has a hard plastic housing everything looked good . Took out manual , had only discreption of every button and plugs . Nothing describing how to use MP3s on unit . I couldnt get it to work . On the back of unit it has plug for power cord it came with , on and off switch and 2 outlets for speakers labled right and Left . So you can only hook up one pair of speakers to it . That I definately did n't like being that I DJ and use 4 speakers . Hooked up speakers and unit began making loud buzzing sound out of the Left speaker . After trying to check if I had anything incorrectly I figured the unit was defected . So I shipped unit back to seller and asked for refund . I wouldnt recomend this unit to anyone due to the fact that I couldnt get it to work right and came defective . Even tried hooking up an MP3/iPod to the unit . I recomend spending a little more on a unit more expensive . As they say `` You Get What You Pay For '' .
 This is by far the worst microphone I 've heard it has a buzzing noise and horrible pick up it makes an out of tune instrument sound almost in tune.Don ' t buy it . I 'm returning it .
 do not know why this microphone goes crasy from time to time . that is , when you plug in it to the jack of pc , and use skype , the other side would hear some music ! really amazing ... and i am sure it should not be the problem of skype , since when i use other softeware to record my voice , the same happens . it is really a strange problem and quite annoying ... you can not really tell when it will go crazy like this . if it works normally , it is good .
 I would n't know how this product works , because Amazon shipped it too slow in order to `` teach me a lesson '' regarding free shipping option . You see , Amazon simply sits on items that qualify for free shipping to ensure that the `` 6 - 10 day '' delivery window is properly met , such that they strongly steer you toward the pay shipping choice . Since they have a shipping hub in TN , there 's no reason in the world why my item should n't arrive in Ohio , even with slow mail service , in like 3 days ; except that they just do n't let it leave the warehouse . So , I had to borrow a MIC to support my needs . I give it one STAR since the borrowed MIC was a `` SHURE '' brand and worked as expected .
 Well like the title says , dont buy this item you think your paying for a mixer and it turns out to be a speaker coil this ad is no good . DO NOT BUY ! DO NOT BUY !!!
 Well if you have no desire in converting your music or lecture to mp3 , then this product is excellent . However if you want to convert your lecture or music into mp3 , here is the problem.You have to register for a password to enable the MP3 encoder.Not a problem on the first load . But if your computer crashes and you decide to buy a new one computer . The activation code will not work on your new computer and they will NOT NOT NOT send you a new activation code.So you are stuck with two option , either by some new software or find an wav to mp3 converter.My thing is this , why do they have this activation code in the first place . It is such a big pain in the butt . If you paid for the product you should n't have to register it to activate something you already paid for.There are other alternatives to audio cleaning.Sound Forge Audio Studio , you do n't have to register to active the mp3 encoder.If that is to expensive , there are free recorders on the internet.I am NOT NOT NOT very pleased about this feature , because I restore my computer back to factory setting once a year . And you can not enable the mp3 encoder once you have activated it once . As Magix will not send you another password . And I am about to upgrade my computer to a brand new computer and guess what , this product will worthless , once I get a new computer . I 'll have to buy a new one .
 Too late.I just read T. V. Goodwin review after I placed an order for MAGIX Audio Clean Lab 10 . I am going to send a complaint to the FTC since it says nothing about the upgrade on the package until one go to export a file as a MP3 format . The upgrade says nothing about not being transferable . It is bad enough to have to buy a program twice , but 3 and 4 times ? That is why I quit buying Norton products .
 Having trouble with ACL ? Then try the freeware Audacity -LRB- audacity.soundforge.net -RRB- It 's fast , has a wealth of features , never crashes , writes MP3 's ... Do I need to say more ?
 This product appears to be the real deal for converting your vinyl and tape collection to CD or DVD . It has a number of features for removing tape hiss and pops and crackles from vinyl recordings via easy to use slider bars in the control window as well as auto track detection which is a nice feature.What they do n't tell you is that the MP3 encoder is only good for 20 uses - 10 of which you 'll burn getting the hang of the software ! Of course they are happy to sell you the add-on MP3 encoder . I 'm an advanced PC user and I ca n't get it to work properly . My vinyl and tape conversions all come out `` tinny '' sounding . My PC is 1.2 ghz with over 700mbytes of RAM and I get frequent `` you are overloading the system '' messages . I 'd guess that you would n't even want to try using it with the minimum config of 450mhz and 64MB of RAM.The real reason for this product seems to be as a come-on for another version of the software as there are plenty of notices about how to upgrade . And , while I suspect they are within the letter of law trumpeting `` MP3 Encoder '' in their product information , the fact that they do n't tell you the encoder is merely a trial version with limited usages makes me suspicious of everything else Magix claims . I 'm frankly quite terked off at the product but of course you ca n't return software for a refund .
 I have never owned a piece of software as buggy as this thing . I am running it on an AMD 64 3500 + system with RAID and SATA drives , XP Pro . This thing does nothing but crash . I got it to record a record , but when I went to the audio cleaning section , it crashed every time I tried to use the Wizard . The interface is not very intuitive and the whole thing is cobbled up with really stupid looking audio equipment faceplates and dials . What a mess . I have yet to make a recording with it . Do n't waste your money on this software . Want to buy my copy ? I certainly ca n't use it .
 This unit sounds great . Great VERB , MODULATION , AND DELAY . . HOWEVER . . does ZOOM not realize that some guitarists want ALL THREE in their sound at the same time ?? . . thats a no brainer . . ESPECIALLY by now in 2010 ... you can have two of the three simultaneously . . but not all three . . in a pedal that is SUPPOSEDLY designed for performance ... that is RIDICULOUS . . shame on ZOOM . I have to link a separate CHORUS pedal to have CHORUS , DELAY AND VERB AT THE SAME TIME . . shame on ZOOM .
 I had high hopes for this effect based on the reviews here . In practice it turned out to be rather mediocre for the most part.Things I like about it : * Great price * Nice drum machine * Good Tuner * Variety of effectsThe cons include : * Using the drum machine turns the reverb/delay effects off * Reverb and delay effects are in the same `` block '' and can not be used in the same time * Most of the factory presets sound very artificial * The output requires a splitter Y-cable * The controls have so many functions it is hard to navigate without the manual * Cheap preamp - the preamp compresses a lot and is easy to overdrive when playing loud . This is a major problem if you want to preserve the dynamics of your playing.In general , if you have a good-sounding guitar and hope to enhance it , this effect is not for you . It offers many but mediocre effects and the preamp really kills the dynamics .
 i bought this pedal because it was at an excellent price but when it arrived the invoice said that what was charged to my account was more than $ 60 over what the price said that it was . I dont know how they justify this but i very disappointed with this service
 `` Silencer '' is hardly an appropriate name for this product . This so called silencer reduces the sound of the guitar by a mere 10 % at best.I play a Takamine 2004 Takamine G-Series - the silencer fit the sound hole without any modification , but did not significantly reduce the volume of the guitar . Out of principle , I 'm seeking a refund for this product .
 Does not even pass for a metronome let alone a tuner . The loudest sound the metronome can not be heard when playing piano . Stay away from this one . I have had it for less than 2 years and it has now inoperable .
 innaccurate , slow to measure , and the metronome subdivisions are actually wrong.this is NOT worth buying . There are better products available in the same price range .
 I hate to rate this guitar low , but quite seriously I was disappointed with it from day one . The sound quality is not good , it is not a quality guitar . I eventually changed out the cheap low cost tuners and replaced them with premium tuners . I also changed out the cheap plastic nut and bridge and installed a bone nut and bridge . These changes made the instrument bearable for a while . In time however , after I got used to the instrument , as opposed to a normal 6 string guitar , the lack of sound quality became insurmountable . I still have the guitar sitting in a corner , but I 've since changed over to a Seagull Mahogany CW that I modified to a tres configuration , played with a capo on the second fret . The sound is way better . Buyer beware .
 Guitar was damaged and in terrible condition . Item was listed as new . Had circles on guitar which indicated defects . Presume this was a factory defect . Returned for reimbursement withing the hour recieved . Very unhappy with purchase .
 I bought this instrument because I was helping a friend to learn the banjo . It looked great and did n't sound too bad until I started working my way around the neck and found it way too loose . The slightest pressure at about the 3rd fret pulled the strings because the neck was moving . I could n't keep it in tune and pitch is important . Also , once taking the back off , discovered an unsettling bow in the truss rod under the head . The thumb screws did n't seat the resonator back on correctly and 2 were completely stripped . Bad construction , the manufacturer or assembler `` made it fit . '' I sent it back . Save a few bucks and buy a basic Deering and you are way better off . This one really was impossible to keep on pitch and it was unplayable .
 Of all the Chinese low end banjos this one seemed to have the best review so I figured I 'd give it a shot.Fist of all it was shipped fast but arrived SNAPPED IN HALF . Upset , i sent it back and got a replacement in a couple days.I did my research and but it together quickly , but quickly ran in PROBLEMS1 . Tuners
 I ordered one of these because I was looking for an inexpensive banjo to learn on . Because of the great reviews and the price , I jumped on this one , which was being sold by Austin Bazaar . The order was supposed to arrive within 10 days or so . However , after 8 days my order still said `` Shipping Soon '' . I contacted the seller and was told that the banjo was actually out of stock and would not be arriving until 2-3 MONTHS later . As a result I cancelled the order -LRB- there were no problems with the seller in doing this -RRB- . So if you order one of these be warned ... just because the ad says the banjo is `` in stock '' does n't mean it really is.P.S . I ordered a Mastercraft Player Deluxe the next day instead ... the reviews are just as good , and it was shipped the day after I placed the order .
 Just a warning . If you think you are going to get a Washburn ukulele from Amazon , you will not . As in my case , you will recieve an OSCAR SCHMIDT ukulele by Washburn . a nice ukulele but you could get it for only $ 99 . I got very little empathy when I voiced the issue with Amazon directly . Maybe I should have caught on when there was no picture available for this item.MW
 When I first received this item , the octave key was a jammed , which could have happened during shipping , so I exchanged it for another , when I received the replacement 2 of the keys leaked .
 Great ideal but when you grab a pick you get like 3 or 4 at a time . I must have fat fingers ... you may have better luck .
 It gets the job done , but if you -LRB- obviously -RRB- have it stuck to your guitar , and you pull a pick out too quickly -LRB- like at the speed of a turtle -RRB- you spray your audience/room with picksi recommend spraying a little bit of dry-lube in between each pick when putting new-ones in the holder
 not that good , only fits some picks that i have , though all are the standard shape picks , does n't work that well
 This holder is of very cheap quality . . I would recommend spend some more $ $ and get a decent pick holder.Not recommended .
 What a pain , do you return a $ 3.50 item even though it 's free with Amazon 's great service ? Seems like not the green thing to do . Complaints , the back and spring broke off , probably trying to insert more picks that it can hold . Everyone sells picks by the dozen , was hoping this would hold the dozen , but only holds 5-6 .
 I bought this for my husband as a stocking stuffer . . thought it would be something good for him since he is always losing picks . But turns out , it 's not good because it falls apart when you try to put picks in it . We only tried putting 3 picks in it and the back came off . You can put it back together but when you try to put picks in it again it just comes apart . Maybe they could make it so the back does n't come off . It 's a good thing to have but just needs to be made better so it will hold the picks without coming apart .
 The concept of being able to stick pick holders onto one 's guitar sounds and looks appealing , but manufacturers need to come up with a better mouse trap.First improvement would be material used for the pick holder . I would suggest rubber or some sort of rubber based format for holding picks.These are made by Dunlop -LRB- I assume the tire company -RRB- , so access to rubber residue should be no show stopper . Simply use the same molds to form these Ergo pick holders using flexible rubber compound . Do n't know how cost effective that is compared to hard plastic.The next improvement needs to be in marking somewhere on the exterior of the pick holder just how many picks it is intended to securely hold without all of them falling out when you pull out one.That leads to improvement over the small metal clip that holds the picks in place.Point is that this product needs much improvement that can be done . It lasted me only two days after attaching it to my guitar.The first time I bumped it into something , the pick holder fell apart , thus I recommend better and more flexible materials that are molded into one solid piece - not somethng that has been slightly glued together.I tried re-gluing the holder back together and gently replacing the small medal clip , but it either holds too many or too little picks , and when I try slipping one pick out - they all fall out.Dunlop CAN DO BETTER !
 Man , this thing would not even hold my normal sized picks ! DO NOT BUY - it is a wast of money ... ug !
 Product brock the same day I took it out of the box . Very cheap make . I love the picks though .
 I might have done something wrong ... I read in a review that these hold six picks.It held three real well but on the fourth insert the thing just fell apart ... I 'll just keep using my pockets .
 I would be very careful where you PUT this pick holder . I put it a few inches and to the left of my strap ... kindof a high traffic area , so it broke off within a few months . There is a strong adhesive on the back , but the screws holding the pickholder to the base are weak and will break . Reccomend putting it in a low traffic area ; eg . front of guitar , the top ... also , only holds about 6 picks .
 I bought this for my son , and although it was inexpensive , it broke the first time he used it . It was n't worth anything -- I wish I had n't ordered it . I expected better quality from Dunlop .
 this is ok , but please note it does NOT come with any picks ! This may seem obvious to most people but the images show picks inside , so I assumed they came too ! Apart from that it is fine .
 ive been waiting for over a month for this little piece of plastic ou couldve sent it in the mail in a standard envolope and i wouldve gotten it way before this ! im very disappionted with how long this is taking !
 Within 3 minutes of taking my pick holder out of the packaging it broke when I tried to actually put picks in it . If you click on the 1 star reviews you 'll see the same explanation as me . Seemed to fit about 3 picks fine , once you try to fit more the bottom came off and I 'll probably need super glue to hold it together again . It 's inexpensive and was worth an add on to my order , but I wo n't be seeking a refund or return . I 'll just use a plastic baggie from now on .
 this thing is small and only holds smooth plastic picks well . i use dunlop nylon maxgrip picks . they hold , but the grips make it harder to take out , especially with more than one in there . on top of that , this only holds about 5 picks . i was hoping it would hold 6-7 .
 Picks are difficult to get in and out of the holder , and mine broke within 20 minutes of use . Avoid this product
 I bought this clarinet at the end of May 2006 , high school band camp started at the end of July . She started using the Washburn Clarinet at this point . First thing that broke was the ligature , then the keys fell off this happened after only useing for two weeks . We contacted Amazon , but we were past the 30 day return policy . The representative from Amazon was very helpful but unfortunatly they could not find any information on the manufacturer to see if there was a warrenty . A local music store stated this was unrepairable due to the type of screws used to hold the keys in place , it would cost more to repair it then what I paid for it . Please do not buy this Washburn Clarinet it falls apart easily save the money and get something better then this clarinet .
 A family member bought one . On the first try , none of the joints would fit together . Apparently not something they try at the factory . Returned and tried a replacement . The bell could n't fit onto the lower joint , the ligature screw broke on the first tightening , and it was so far out of adjustment not a single note came out . Buy a used instrument , it will be a better value .
 I took it with a lot casting , so , I paid for a Luthier to repair it , but the sax still a fake ! Today I thrower it in the trash . Does not buy this brand , never , ever .
 I remember during the Blues resurgence of the late 80 's and early 90 's , every started looking for ` Coricidin bottles ' . Guitar magazines were giving Duan Allman more press almost 20 years after his death than they ever did while he was alive , and among the trivia of his life that was revealed was his use of these littles glass medicine bottles as slides . So , not being one to be out of the loop , I got one . And hated it.Slides are funny things . Each material has it 's own tone . Steel sounds different from glass , which sounds different from brass , which sounds different from bone ... and so on . Weight had a lot to do with the tone as well . A light slide sounds thin , a heavy slide gives a fuller tone . This slide ... well , it just sounds dull.I 'm not sure if it 's the closed top , the fact it 's a bit unwieldly for those of us with short fingers or what , but it just sounds dull to my ears . I remember being so excited to debut it at a New Year 's Eve show back in 1995 and also so glad that I had my regular brass slide half way through the first song . Glass just does n't do it for me.One last thing
 Compared to the other gig bags I own , this bag is very thin and floppy with virtually no padding to protect your guitar . I would recommend something with more padding .
 Likes
 If your guitar is under $ 100 , then this bag will work.You NEED a case for any decent guitar . Do n't mess around .
 The gig bag looks nice on the outside , but I find it lacking in many areas that would benefit the serious -LRB- even beginning -RRB- classical guitarist : - The padding is THIN , especially around the neck , and the sides are only cordura -LRB- no side padding - anything softer than rosewood sides will feel the full brunt of an impact -RRB- . - The fit is tight on my New World / Kenny Hill Hauser-style guitar . Tight fit + thin padding = nervous traveling musician.-The front pockets are aesthetically innovative in design , but impractical in use . 8x11 books will not fit vertically -LRB- and fit rather poorly horizontally -RRB- . I also constantly carry around a metronome , nail maintenance pouch , and A-frame support , none of which fit very well in the slim pockets.Years of lugging around a National & heavy acoustic cases have left my back & neck in dire need of good gig bags . I 've bought quality products from the Musician 's Friend brand before , but I 'm returning this one & splurging on the Road Runner . I 'm guessing this case would serve best those with classicals under $ 700 .
 This acoustic guitar case is very poorly designed . The case material itself is light weight and durable as advertised but there are no latches to hold the case closed . ... No latches at all . The only thing that holds it closed , and not very tightly , is a flimsy zipper on the external cover . I would expect it to break quickly under normal use . It seems like a really clumsy closure mechanism.I personally ca n't bring myself to put an expensive guitar in it and tried to return it on the day that it arrived . Unfortunately , the shipping costs to return it , because it 's `` over-sized '' , are about $ 55.00 . Add to that the $ 10.99 that the store already charged me for the original shipping and the economics of this purchasing decision become quite depressing . Now I 'm stuck with something I do n't like and do n't want to use.DO NOT buy it on-line . If you really want to consider one of these cases go to a music store that has one in stock and look it over very carefully . There are so many better and less expensive cases out there that no one should waste their time on this thing .
 I bought this case because I wanted the portability of having backpack straps -LRB- I walk over a mile each way to band practice -RRB- , but a gig bag did n't offer as much protection as I wanted . The case seems very sturdy and will undoubtedly offer protection for a French horn ; hence the two stars instead of only one . But I returned it . Here 's why :1 . The way the backpack straps attach , the bell of the case bangs into my upper back and the case does n't fit snugly against my back . If the straps hooked onto the case below the bell or a bit off to the side , this would be much less of a problem .2 . The pocket on the side is next to useless . It is too narrow to fit most band music into , much less a standard band folder . Why on earth that pocket was n't made bigger -LRB- there 's plenty of room to make it bigger -RRB- is a real puzzle .3 . The section holding the mouthpieces inside the case could easily have been made into a small-ish box that opens to hold other small objects . But no , it 's just a block .4 . This is only a minor thing . It is very heavy . I expected that it would be heavy , compared with a gig bag , and it is n't all that bad , but it is heavier than I expected.Note
 Pros : The sound is amazing . I think it makes you feel like a good singer.Cons : Died before it 's 8th month . But before it died , around 3rd-4th month , it 's rubbery string began to loose its elasticity . Because of this , the mic will not float and will touch the metal . Vibrations or sound from the mic stand or the ground will be amplified and it 's not gon na be good when your band starts to play . Also , by 7th month , symptoms of static noise and sometimes mic sensitivity varies.Sometimes it does not work and sometimes works . I never suspected this wonderful mic and I blamed the cable and the amplifier that is causing all this trouble . By 8th month , the thing just died . Yup , other mic that we have works with that same cable and amplifier.I contacted the manufacturer wondering if I have 1 year warranty or repair at least . I emailed them twice -LRB- support@cadaudio.com, service@cadaudio.com -RRB- but they never replied.I guess there 's no warranty at all.I usually do n't waste my time giving a review , but I think I have some responsibility to let anyone know about this.TL ; DR ? Wonderful mic but will not last 8 mos and manufacturer support sucks .
 When this mircophone arrived it was scratched down the side , part of the wire mesh was frayed , and there were globs of glue where the frame had been put together . Shoddy looking for sure . But for the first day I had it it sounded great so I decided to ignore the exterior quality . Then on day two , in the middle of a recording , a thundering wind noise suddenly started -- making the vocals almost inaudible . After that the noise would n't go away thus rendering the mic completely worthless . I tried different cables , a different mixer , even feeding it into a different computer , but the noise remained -- even in my silent home recording studio . I contacted CAD directly and they promised to return my tech support request within 24 hrs but after two weeks I still have n't heard from them . Luckily , Amazon is good with these things and let me return it . Do yourself a favor and go with a company that 's well established as decent people . The Audio Technica AT2020 is in the same price range and has way better durability , sound , and tech support .
 I gave this product a 2 star because the product did not work . I returned this product . My brother wanted this mocrophone because he records music often . I think he needed another component to make it work because it appeared to be in great condition . If another part is needed I think the seller should recommend what item -LRB- s -RRB- should be purchased wwith it .
 Well I can say that the mic itself as looks is pretty decent . The shock mount could be a little better . But I purchased the mic awhile ago and finally pulled it out the box after buying a mic cable with usb , etc. but once I tried to connect to my mac pc . I tried using garageband , pro logic , reasons I did not work even tried to karaoke with it on my CASIO keyboard no sound , nothing . So if anybody know what I 'm missing please let me know so that I can start recording .
 it works as a condenser ... lot of barrel like noise inside ... which means the model 3000 above it , is quite a bit better ... butif you can find this mic for less than usd 80it is quite ok for vocal , -LRB- must TWEAK EQ a lot tho -RRB- and acoustic bass or guitar or cello , etc. . again , MUST tweak eq to reduce 100 to 1000 hz range , and increase the above 4k range ... in order to make it sound acceptable for semi decent recording ... from the eq tweaks u now get the ideaof how this thing sounds ... it is ok ... just barely acceptable . . u want better , then get a GAP fc 4 . not much tweaking ncessary but beware of QC probs ... tooso get from a really good dealer who can give u a new oneif the fc4 u got , overloads or got too much noise eh.thanksand hv fun .
 I bought this mic like 2 months ago . Have n't been using it because i was waiting for the rest of the equipment , i get the rest of the equipment BOOM ! broken , i tested it out the day i got it , it worked and i also bought it new . This model is definitely faulty
 well i bought this monday and bought a usb xlr and the mic dont record or nun so its poor in my eyes
 The Telex Copyette will not do what I wanted to do . It is only useful for sermon recording not modern music for it only duplicates in a solo speaker . It is therefore not good for stereo copying.Sam Okwoyo
 OK ... so the product is probably 3 stars in terms of functionality ... but one of the main reasons I purchased Ejay pro was so that I could blend songs using their fade in/out features.My initial problem is that I ca n't burn anything using Ejay . It took 6 weeks for their tech support to get back to me regarding my issue . I even gave them the model number & link to Plextor 's site . It turns out that they do n't support Ejay on XP . Period . Nice . They did n't even offer a work-around . Thanks for wasting 6 weeks of my life . I 'll be returning the product and picking up Roxio 's ... . at least they 're up on the technology .
 This software is an example of wasting a perfectly good CD-ROM .
 It took three days for them to answer my first email with `` what version of windows are you running ? '' as a response . I emediatly sent back a response and 3 days later I still have n't heard back from them . The product will not rip from cd 's in ` normal ' mode , only ` fast ' mode which makes the music sound like garbage .
 The one I got has a short in the input jack and I have to bend the cord under the pedal , but it works and I love the foot pedal !
 Lacks R&D. ; Obviously nobody at Korg bothered putting one of these into service . It 's a better idea in theory at least , than the Intellitouch from the accuracy standpoint , but very hard to read . In desperate need of a backlight , I can not recommend this item which I bought , tried and returned to the dealer . The readout is very small which could have been offset by a backlight , but they spent all their -LRB- or more accurately-the buyers ' -RRB- money on the fancy box and a choice of two attachment clips.A better idea would be a MkII
 It works just as advertised . It is easy to use and read , and even for a borderline technophobe like me , not the least bit intimidating .
 Of course how good an instruments sounds is subjective , but I found this drum sounds bad . The tone is sort of a high pitched ` bluaang bluanng ' and the tone occuring after the beater hits sounds similar to the sound of a basketball after it bounces up from the court . Maybe this drum is supposed to sound this way , it is my first shaman drum , but even so , I get no enjoyment or other benefit from the sound of this drum . It has an airish high tone to it , not anything like a more deeper strong tone . I own other drums -LRB- Udu , Bongos , Tabla , Djembe -RRB- and I like those , it 's just this one I do n't like . My advice is spend a little extra to a buy a 16 '' or 22 '' Remo buffalo drum , which by the way , I dont own that so I have not tried it , but a bigger drum will have a deeper tone I would find more appealing for the shaman drum sound .
 This is a very rudimentary guitar . I had to return the first one because the tuning pegs kept falling out of the guitar , or would n't stick in well enough to keep the strings from popping constantly . The return was accepted and another one sent , and the second one also has the problem of the pegs not gripping and holding the strings in the bridge . I have had to rig them up in various ways to make them hold the strings in - thus string changes are frustrating , which are enough to worry about with a 12 string . And to beat the band I restrung my new guitar and now the string action has become high as the neck has begun to bend outward . I 'm using light gauge strings - not heavy . I do n't agree with the reviewers that say this guitar is well made . It might do the trick if you want a first 12 string , but it 's the first guitar I 'm not entirely happy having bought . It just screams of `` cheap , cheap , cheap '' .
 I will not comment on the product-I never received the product . Order confirmed on 3-13-11 . After a few weeks , I was told there would be a delay and asked if I still wanted the product . I said yes at that point even though it was delayed . I was aware that Amazon would cancel the order if it was not fulfilled within a month.Just before that deadline , the supplier confirmed the order so that Amazon would not cancel . I waited another 10 days or so and contacted the supplier-they still could not fulfill the order and on 4-22-11 indicated they would give me a credit on my credit card . What really angered me was that all this time it remained on Amazon as if in stock and available . I guess they were looking for another customer to hose . This entire transaction was just unacceptable . I have ordered many times from Amazon but this was the absolute worst .
 I WAS GETTING READY TO PURCHASE THIS ACCORDION , WHICH WAS GOING TO COST ME OVER A $ 1000 DOLLARS . THEN I NOTICED THAT I WOULD BE RECIEVING A GIG BAG INSTEAD OF A CASE . I FEEL ANYONE PURCHASING AN INTRUMENT THAT COST OVER A $ 1000 DOLLARS , SHOULD RECIEVE A NICE HARD CASE TO PROTECT IT .
 THIS IS A 30 ' cable - NOT 20 ' . The packaging has no length listed on it so one must open up to discover its actual length . This is the 2nd time I 've ordered a MIDI cable thru Amazon and it has been the wrong length!In the title it says 20 ' ft - in the descp it says 30 ' -- so something needs to be corrected !!!!
 they may look like Technics , but these are FAR from them . right off the bat the first thing i noticed when i got these a few years back was the tonearm . it wobbles like crazy . also the weight distribution was a little wacko . i had to set it `` scratch style '' just so i could play my first vinyl on these . they are n't very stable , and tend to shake despite it 's weight . the torque is decent , but you could still find better with better quality.I say beware .
 first off i see the best in things and this does have some qualities that are ok.You can `` hear '' it and its bass response is decent.now i wouldnt be doing my job if i didnt say why i dont like them.i bought 6 of them to use as monitors on my small pa . I use them alongside sx ev300 's and of course these dont match up but they have very low defined high end , the horn is not clear , the woofer is muddy . the wiring on the jacks are a joke and wired backwards . 2 out of six had different woofers in them . I am going to try and make these sound better and will report back ! Also the actual speaker shipped to you does not match the picture , please amazon fix this .
 I admit I 'm not using it for cymbals -- I 'm using it for a round Scrabble board . But I USED to be a drummer and I ca n't imagine it could be useful . It could possibly hold 2 , MAYBE 3 cymbals . The side pocket is similarly cramped & hard to use . How many accessories could you possibly put it in ? It was cheap , but I wish I 'd never bought it . It does seem sturdy , but barely holds even the few things I put it in , and never anything extra .
 The speaker was great the 1st time I used it , after that I noticed a strange sound coming from the horn , Upon inspection of the speaker , the powered crossover board had a loose resistor , if i pushed on it it would work , the solder looked like a kid had done the work . I contacted or at least tried to contact Pyle several times . They have not answered my 3 emails , and every time I call I get transferred into now where.Stay away , you have been warned .
 This is an okay bag - certainly not bad for the price . But , it 's huge !! The bag is 36 `` x 14 `` x 5 '' . My keyboard -LRB- 49 key - which is on the small side -RRB- is 28 `` x 8 `` x 2.5 '' !! My keyboard swims inside . Not very good for protection.I do n't know how anybody could say this is good protection for a keyboard this size . I 'm returning it . After checking , seems to be the size lots of other `` 49 key '' cases are . Check your keyboard 's measurements .
 I bought this for the combination of good comments and good price.The bag is sized for a very specific keyboard , it seems.IT does n't fit any 49 keyboard I know and most 61 's . THe provider , Musician 's Friend wants me to repack it and pay for the UPS shippingif I want a refund . It does n't make any sense.Oh , the bag ? it would be an OK bag if it could fit anything snugly .
 I just called on this case , which i was supposed to receive earlier this week . It was stuck in processing , so will arrive at the end of NEXT week . This is pretty bogus , and i received zero information about the delay . Had i not called , it would have been stuck in the processing queue for ever probably .
 I purchased the wrong size bag . It was a gift for my son . The item cost was $ 42.00 , When I took it to UPS to return it they wanted to charge me $ 56.00 !!!!! Obviously I am not going to return it since that would cost me more than the purchase price . Im very disappointed in this purchase and the return policy . It really is making me second guess if buying through Amazon is the best way to go
 DO N'T BY THIS PRODUCT ! unless you want to carry a 50 '' x 15 '' x 5 '' coffin instead of a76-note piano or keyboard . This bag is huge ! much , much bigger than needed or wanted.Every time I put my Kurzweil SP4-7 digital piano there I feel deeply embarrased . Youhave to stuff something in there in order to make it look like a square keyboard bag.When they designed this , they were still probably thinking about the very old 76-notewooden electro-acoustic pianos using valves or transistors . Do n't buy it , unless youare planning to smugle something else along with your tiny 76-note modern keyboard.This product was recommended to me as a Kurzweil SP4-7 keyboard accesory .
 The product was Dead On Arrival . Opened up box , put in new batteries , plugged cable from microphone receiver into Karaoke player , plugged in the power , tried to test the mic but no sound . Adjusted volume , turned switch off and on ... no joy . Installed brand new batteries -LRB- just in case it 's the batteries -RRB- -- no joy . Mic shows it is receiving power because when turned off and on the light comes on . The receiver unit has power , all lights are illuminated.Item was defective from factory.I tested the audio cable . Works fine.Plugged in my wired microphone into my karaoke system and system works fine.Conclusion is
 I am sorry to have to write a negative review for this product . After having it for just 2 years , it began to break at the stress point in the lower seams and the stuffing began falling out . I am a mobile music therapist so this bag has been in-and-out of the trunk of my car all the time . However , my first gig bag -LRB- different vendor and more expensive -RRB- lasted for 9 years before the zipper broke . We have many expenses in this business and can not afford to replace gig bags every 2-3 years .
 bag seems well built but it 's wayyyy to big for 61 key Juno GI . am sending back and will keep looking for smaller bag
 In XP , this thing was great . I upgraded to Vista , and now the outputs have an unacceptable pop and crackle . The Line6 forums are all abuzz about this problem , and there is no solution yet . < edit > I heartily apologize . There was no solution at Line6 , but I eventually ran across a fix . Unsurprisingly , Vista is to blame , specifically the power profiles on Vista . The fault lay in the processor power-state transitions . This works ok on Vista on a laptop if you select the `` Always On '' power state . -LRB- Actually , there 's an occasional pop even then ; if you disable power state transitions in your BIOS , I think you can get rid of them . -RRB- My apologies , and I revise my rating to four stars .
 The system is easy to mount and the cymbal is easy to attach BUT the mounting system TOTALLY ruins the thread even after just one tightening ! They need to find a better system to secure it to the stand or even a thread though different brand use different sizes ...
 This rest is not very comfortable , and it is difficult to determine if its on correctly or not . The concept is great , but the actual product leaves a lot to be desired .
 I bought 4 of these , 2 for light and 2 for heavy cymbals . I bought them without having had any experience - just some youtube videos . Unfortunately the mounting mechanism that attaches the spring to the stand totally ruins the thread of the cymbal holder - even after one tightening !!!! I am glad I used it on a cymbal stand that is old and not one of my newer ones !!!! I never used any of these !!!! I read the reviews that deny this ...
 I can &#8217; t believe that this made it through LP &#8217; s quality control . Latin Percussion LPA406 Timbale Cowbell 6 7/8 Inch . I own the Latin Percussion LP205 Timbale Cowbell , Latin Percussion ES-7 Salsa Cowbell & a Pearl PCB6 Primero Cowbell . The only model difference that I see is this Cowbell is from their -LRB- LP -RRB- &#8220; Aspire &#8221; line . This item aspires to be a Cowbell but really is not . This is not even a good rock drum set cowbell . If you want a nice drum set Cowbell for rock and pop get the Pearl PCB6 Primero , but no self-respecting Cow would be caught dead near the Latin Percussion LPA406 Timbale Cowbell 6 7/8 Inch.The metal welds are poor quality and the sound is riddled with unpleasant overtones . I have 2 other LP cowbells on my Timbales that I really like . The LP ES-7 Salsa and the LP205 Timbale Cowbell . These 2 cowbells are quality products with great sound unlike the LPA406 LP Aspire &#8220; POS &#8221; . Again stay away , this product is simply awful in both its construction and tone . I really hate posting negative reviews . Amazon did a great job as usual getting my order delivered . I really like doing business with them.Esto no es realmente un cencerro Timbaleros
 When I bought this I was thrilled at getting a 5 in 1 piece of equipment at a great price . But slowly my enthusiasm waned . Its too long to fit comfortably in my pocket , the finish could have been better . Finally the disk shaped attachment at the end of tuning fork broke loose and now I do n't use it anymore . Inferior product at cheap price .
 The product is badly crafted . . comes apart . It is too light to work as a good tendon hammer ... you should n't be using the same pin on everyone and I am nearly positive the tuning fork does not vibrate at the said frequency ... very bad product ... do not be tempted by the 5 in 1 thing ... its useless !
 It sounds like perfect instrument , 5 functions in 1 , but it is USELESS . The product is very cheaply made and everything came off . Shouldnt worth more than $ 1 to 3 .
 Item does everything as pictured . Just not machined nicely , pretty big and bulky . Not going in my lab coat pocket .
 Screw in pieces tend to rattle around when using the tuning fork and taking them out does n't help because the pinwheel is also vibrates . The device still performs the job , just felt and sounded like a CHEAP device .
 I took this case on tour , flying US-Europe-Scandanavia with it . What a dissapointment . It seperated on three seperate flights , to the point that on one flight my guitar was damaged . No joke . I would never use it again , for anything . The latching system seperates if any lateral pressure is put on the case . The only way to prevent this would be to stuff the case with so much clothing or other items , that it wo n't bend and seperate . But if you do that , TSA and other authorities looking in your luggage wo n't repack it right or wo n't be able to re-latch it , so you are still out of luck . Whoever designed this case A -RRB- Does n't go on airplane flights , B -RRB- Does n't play music , C -RRB- Did n't do any real-world testing of it , and D -RRB- DOES N'T TOUR.When I first heard about this case , I thought it was too good to be true . It is . Get a standard hardcase instead .
 calibrando mi strato estaba apretando los resortes y el tremolo se rompio , ahora la rosca reposa dentro de mi guitarra
 Update
 I bought this as an affordable controller when I first took on Ableton Live . One big reason why I liked it is that I like the feel of a cross-fader , and this one has it . The serious buzz kill came after I 'd used it less than 10 times and the cross-fader went out . I usually like M Audio , but they way they built this one stinks . THE CROSS-FADER IS NOT REPLACEABLE !!! Do yourself a favor , save your money and buy a controller with a replaceable cross-fader , or if you use Ableton , look at the Novation Launchpad or the AKAI APC40 .
 6.10 shipping for a under 2 dollar purchase , and about envelope weight ? Forget that .
 I recommended this to my friend based on the neck-through spec and all.When we received it , It was flawless.The string action is out of the world , . . 1.5 mm and no string buzz.Neck as straight as arrow.But when we plugged it in , . . it sounded thin and plasticky.Also the sustain is not even average.I think the guitar is good but the pickup quality can not match the body it came with.We sent it back and bought a Washburn XMPro white - was very impressed by it .
 My music loving 8-year-old really wanted one of these and purchased this one with his own money . I did research on Amazon and chose the First Note Melody Harp because it had the best reviews of all the melody harps . Either they changed manufacturers or we received a dud , because the Melody Harp we received was a total piece of junk . First , it arrived completely out of tune . Not just a little out of tune , but completely , horribly out of tune . When we finally finished tuning it and were able to play it , the top string broke within ten minutes . There are no instructions included for restringing and the replacement string provided was very difficult to work with -LRB- and arrived bent and misshapen -RRB- . Of course , that string also broke almost immediately , too . We 've played many different brands of melody harps/zithers over the years -LRB- in music classes , instrument shops , music museums , etc -RRB- and they were all much nicer than this poor quality one . We are returning this one to try a different brand . Will stay far away from any First Note products in the future . Very disappointed !
 PLEASE NOTE - THERE WAS AN ERROR WITH THE AMAZON WEBSITE WHICH WOULD NOT ALLOW ME TO CLICK ON THE STAR RATINGS . I HAD INTENDED TO GIVE THIS ITEM A FULL 5-STAR REVIEW BUT WAS UNABLE TO . READ ON ! I bought this for my daughter last Christmas and have not had a single regret . I had hoped to get her interested in eventually learning to play a celtic harp and this seemed like a simple first step . I purchased extra music sheets to add to what it came with and , even at 5 years old , she has really gotten the hang of making pretty music with it . It is one of the few toys she does n't forget about - it is out on a regular basis and is simple enough for her to use . I 've had to tune it at least a couple of times but I would think that it is to be expected especially when less than gentle hands play with it often ! It is a beautiful piece , well-crafted and simple . I ca n't think of a single reason to hesitate if you are considering this instrument .
 If I could tune this easily , I would give it a great review . It is simple , easy to play , and pleasing to the ear . Unfortunately , the harp arrived painfully out of tune and the tuning key does not fit properly . It does not turn several of the pegs . Some of the pegs will not turn even with a gentle twist of pliers.I do n't mind tuning a harp , but the original equipment should work.This harp arrived with a small crack in the wood . It did not come with a pick , which surprised me . The Amazon product description says `` handcrafted in Europe '' but the box says `` Made in China . '' I would like to order a replacement but I am concerned about the quality of workmanship . What a disappointment !
 This Melody Harp was actually returned to me from my grandchild because the pins would not hold the strings in tune for even one song . What a waste ! Where is Quality Control when we need them ?!!
 This case would not fit on my Walt Johnson AND the cutout for the handle was in the wrong place ! Do n't waste your money
 Badly made hardware that is junk . The drums themselves are nice and sound good if u can tune them with the cheap lugs and rims u get . I was told if i want better hardware , spend more money and buy the better made stuff . Some of my rims were damaged when i recieved them . I wrote customer service and got the its not are fault take it up with fed ex , who shipped it . Spend the money and by good drums like Pearl which i also own . HB service is terrible and the hardware is garbage .
 Essentially , there is no reason to buy this . Use your mouthpiece . Really ! This is a ridiculous item and a solid waste of money .
 I found the Gator GP-12 bag rugged enough , but ... it was advertised capable of holding up to 22 '' cymbals . I think that 's just plain misleading . I typically carry one 22 '' , and either a 20 '' and an 18 '' , or two twenties , along with a pair of 14 '' hi hats . I found this bag extremely difficult to use because the cymbals simply do not want to all fit . I do n't think that I should have to struggle at the end of a long night to get my bag to carry 4 or 5 cymbals . That 's not asking too much . I ended up taking out the loose fitting liners , and even then , it would barely zip . I should n't have had to do that . I would not recommend this bag to anyone carrying a 22 '' cymbal . Look elsewhere .
 I ca n't find any videos on You Tube re its usage . The manufacturers want payment for their video . I find it difficult and frustrating to use . The split disc back-pressure dial is very simplistic . If the dial covered a graduated slit , it would be better . Its not easy to cover the separate holes when you ca n't see them clearly . I can buzz the mouthpiece better without it . When making notes on the instrument the vibration of the lips is aided by the natural response of the tube length . On the BERP you simply buzz the pitch . It does n't happen for me . I know that different people have different physical abilities , I do n't think mine suits this item . I 'll keep trying . Perhaps I 'll get the hang of it . Personally I think blowing your horn using as little lip pressure as possible is much more useful . The P.E.T.E. -LRB- bought at the same time -RRB- makes more sense to me .
 I would write something about this product , but I have n't received it yet . The estimated date for it to arrive was more than a week ago . I really hope the wait for this product is worth it .
 i wanted a violin for my son , i thought this looked cool , the color and design , but when we received it ... VERY DISAPPOINTED . the quality was bad , the sound SUCKED ... this is for a 4 year old to play with , not a 10 year old who plays . keep this as a toy .
 This electric Violin was awful ! It didnt come with the tuner and only 1 of the fine tuners were there . And only one of the things that hooks the string to the chin rest thing was there ! and the rosin is awful ! The bow was wierd and when I tried to play a string it didnt play ! And the bridge is cheap !
 I ORDERED THE FLUTE FROM SKY WITH CASE AND BAG . I RECIEVED A DIFFERENTMODEL AND CASE WITHOUT BAG . I RETURNED ORDER AND AWAITED THE RIGHTFLUTE THAT I HAD ORDERED . TODAY I RECIEVED EXACTLY THE SAME MODELFLUTE THAT I RETURNED . HOW COME ? I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH THISTRANSACTION . NO FEEDBACK . SORRY I DO N'T WISH TO TARNISH YOUR COMPANY.CONSIDER THIS TRANSACTION CLOSED . I 'LL KEEP WHAT YOU SENT ME BUT I ` AMNOT HAPPY . SINCERELY , RAYMOND E. DUNN
 `` Gibson Les Paul Studio Electric Guitar , Wine Red , Chrome Hardware '' arrived during the Christmas season . Thanks for the timely delivery.BUT , Chrome Hardware has been changed to a Silver one.It is much disappointing that Gibson is deemed losing his reputation by an irresposible sales . The buyers need to be careful when receiving the goods .
 The strings are broken and bridge is not mounted . I plan to take it to a workshop to see if it could be fixed for a reasonable price . If not , I plan to return it to the sellor .
 tried tuning the violin and it wont stay in tune , and then the string snapped when tuning correctly . not happy with this purchase . i guess you get what you paid for considering the price . highly suggest paying a little more money for a beginners violin
 This is NOT a good deal at all!The bow is a piece of junk along with the bridge and the strings!The finger board is not attached well and will pop off!I am so sad I actually bought this based on the great reviews!PSEven the case is cheap > : II paid $ 75 dollars 7/10 .
 I would not recommend purchasing this . When I ordered this violin , I thought it was going to be great because I did a lot of research and this one had the best ratings and reviews . I was really excited when I got it , but as soon as i tried to tighten the strings on the bow , the bow snapped . Also the strings on the violin were out of tune , so I tried to tune it and then one of the pegs broke off . I waited 2 weeks for this violin and it ended up disappointing me greatly . I was not happy , so in the end I just ended up returning it , and renting a violin from a music store . Trust me , it 's not worth the time or money you spend on it .
 the string broke within seconds of me touching the thing , the tuning knobs were flimsy . I do n't know anything about violins -LRB- I bought this because I wanted to learn -RRB- but I know bad quality when I see it .
 I love everything about this violin ... except that I ca n't really play it because it wo n't stay in tune . Whenever I turn the knobs to tune it the knobs -LRB- either immediately or gradually -RRB- turn back to where they were . I actually broke a string trying to get the thing to stay put . I 'm hoping that I can find some sort of solution to this other than buying a whole new violin . Other than that , it looks pretty , sounds pretty -LRB- momentarily -RRB- , the case is nice and everything was as described .
 This bridge was clearly not made for a violin but for a viola . It is too tall to fit a standard violin . We could not use it at all .
 I 'm disappointed and dissatisfied with poor quality of those expensive Elixir acoustic guitar strings right at the first time I use . Once installed and picked for the 1st time , the open 3rd string made an uncomfortable buzzing sound when it reached to the correct pitch of G note . Moreover , the 4th string suddenly broke when being tuned up , even it had not reached to the correct pitch of D note yet . What a strange situation to me!Outside the box , W.L.Gore & Associates , Inc. advertise their Elixir strings
 G string popped exactly a week after putting them on . Very , very dissatisfied that I paid about $ 20 for a weeks worth of use . I am a broke college student and cant afford to buy new strings on a weekly basis . If I knew how i could get my money back and go buy different ones , I would .
 I only really have one complaint . The coating just does not feel right somehow . The sound is interesting . You have to get used to them . The only thing for me is that I feel I not really playing . They are kind of neat but is it not the same . I think I will have to try a lot more different Regular strings . My view or another persons view does not cut it . You have to try things for your self . Even though they are kind of neat in some ways I will move on for the time being . They are worth trying one time though . If you had a lot of guitars and could put some on one that you only used when you wanted to and the cost did not bother you , then I would have given them a five star . Coating is just not that great to have to have on all the time . My experience is limited . If I get more experience and change my mind I will come back and amend . These strings have not held up at all for me . I would not even recommend them if you had more than one guitar . I do not see they are any better than regular cheaper strings . I do not feel they are as good either .
 For my taste these are way to hard . If your a Pro with finger tips made of steel these may be very good for you cuz they do produce a very nice sound . But if your a newbie like me or only pick up a guitar every now and then these are very difficult to play with.I wish I knew what were the strings that came originally came with my guitar cuz those were much easier to play with .
 This bag was okay , it did not fit my 14 inch Remo very well . The base of the drum had a hard time fitting , and the fitting of the bag around the bottom of the bowl was meant for a drum with a more shallow bowl -LRB- ? -RRB- apparently.It never fit that well.And after about 6 months of minimal use both zippers broke off entirely.Get the case if your drum is 12-13 '' , 14 hardly worked .
 It serves the purpose . I am a female saxophonest and the harness do not fit acoss my chest . Maybe if they could come up with something that dropped a little lower ; say around the waist it would receive 5 stars from me . I use it for practice but I would never ware it in public . Thank you .
 Uncomfortable , low grade materials , slides around . Pokes you in the back , flimsy . Does not work well with heavier guitars . Appearance and feel indicate a cheapo product .
 Over my 16 years playing music I have wasted a lot of money and made poor decisions when buying equipment , but no single item stands out more than this one , by far the worst investment ever . These rubber feet will only work if you have a very delicate touch on your drums , they fumble even at moderate playing and I do n't know what people play out there but in my world `` Latin Percussion '' is played rather hard and with confidence , whether miked or not . Another problem , not LP 's fault , is that 100 % of people out there when they grab your drum , ignore or do n't know how these feet work and would drag the drum or move it in a circle as you normally would , and there goes the feet all out of place or even popping out of the rim . Trust me folks , whenever I have used these I have spent more time repositioning them , bending my back and lifting heavy drums , and trying to come up with a perfect spacing that just is n't possible . Do me a favor , if you want stability , keep them on the floor or better yet buy a sitting metal stand .
 The good thing first
 Had to buy another strap . Would not recommend to anyone who plays above their belt . There is not much room for adjustment.I am 6 ft 190 and like to play chest high . I tied a knot in the strap to get it high enough . Better off getting a 10 $ cheepo and a tuner .
 Wow , it 's not a good sign when the mouthpiece is upside-down . The only major manufacturer I ever saw let this get printed on an advertisement was Pearl Drums . The tag suggestion says it all , `` cheap , off brand . '' I 'll bet it falls to pieces the first time you put a torch to it .
 i chose color red according to my type of stick as what the description said . but i received black . not as good as wood when use for rim shot .
 I bought one of these as a backup and extra unit for my mobile DJing . The first time I set it up at one of my club gigs , it went haywire . The right deck stopped working , the displays flashed and blinked gibberish ... Even when it did work , it had the very annoying property of not spinning the disks down before the decks were opened - even if you cue or pause , the disks keep spinning and have the tendency to ` hop out ' of the cradle when the lid is opened to change disks . I was hoping for a decent , easily portable DJ mixer from a brand many DJs know and trust , but this unit did not live up to the reputation of Stanton ...
 This has a TA4F connector that , as far as I know , is only compatible with Shure systems . Be sure you need a TA4F connector before buying this . Converters may be available , but I was unable to locate one . Industry standards -LRB- e.g. the miniplug -RRB- exist to make our lives easier . Shure 's proprietary connectors frustrate that end . Shure has its origins in my hometown , and I was a fan of Shure for most of the last forty years . However , since they moved their production off shore , none of their products have been equal to those of their better competitors . Shure 's use of proprietary connectors is another reason to buy from their competition . It 's sad . You wonder how much longer the company will last .
 I bought this since I was expecting a blue reed guard and instead got a black one . I complained that I also got a La Voz instead of the D'Addario , however I read the product description and it did say La Voz . However not one word about the color.Does it hold reeds?Yes.Is it what I expected?No.So why the low stars you may ask?Simple , I bought this only because I wanted a blue one , thinking `` I never saw a blue one , that would be so cool '' just to get a black one .
 E string snapped after two days of light play ; just strumming . Expensive strings for poor quality . Better strings are available from other makers for less -LRB- D'Addario or Martin -RRB- Stay away !!!
 worst thing ever the seller sent me nothing of what was meant to be . ruined what it woul have been a great christmas present .
 one pad Stoped working 3 days after . with regular easy use.no response from support . none whatsoever !
 The unit sounds great . Has great drum sounds and the layouts for the various kits are logical and good choices . The physical profile is great -- Very slim , very sexy looking . The pads have a very nice solid rubber feel to them.But ... . The functional area on the pads is very very small . The pads are are a very comfortable 4 `` x4 '' , but , the area that will actually trigger the unit is about 1 '' by 1.5 '' . It is remarkably difficult to play reliably which makes this otherwise phenomenal little unit trash-fill material.I have had some success by placing a little sticker on the `` sweet spot '' of each pad , but , this is very unrewarding . Additionally , there seems to be a problem with the controller of the unit -- intermittantly , if you hit 2 pads at the same time , only one will sound ; this is similar to problems other people are having with the iED01 , so , I think the units share some internals that suffer from design flaws .
 So this thing does what it says it does . I use it mostly for midi triggering with software and it works just OK!The real issue I have with it is that on each pad , the trigger works only best directly in the middle of the pad . So , what does that mean ? Well , it means that if you are just banging away on this thing and you hear some non triggering , or odd sounds , well that means you 've strayed too far away from the middle of the pad and it is not responding well . Not what I was anticipating , so therefore it is disappointing . Also , on the very outer edges of each individual pad , there is an unknown sound that is played and I am not sure why !? So thats another negative . As I am more into electronic genres of music -LRB- ie breaks , dnb , electro , etc -RRB- I was not primarily getting this device for its built in sounds . With that said , it does have some decent sounds on it . Very few for my styles of music . If you have similar interests , you will not find a good set of built-in sounds for the electronic genres . The R&B ; and HipHop sounds are decent so I 'll probably use those some , and maybe some live kits for dnb and breaks . But all in all , better off triggering better sounds.All in all , I would probably say to go ahead and pay more for a Roland trigger pad and do not get this thing unless you budget is seriously tight like mine was . I 'm glad I have it but , the quality was not as I was expecting .
 I purchased this item on December 19th . I realized it would not make the Christmas day arrival , however , I still have not received it and the site says they are `` in stock '' , why is it taking until January 25th ? I now have another notice that it wo n't even arrive until after January 30th . Do n't expect to receive your order on time . It is really annoying and disappointing to my son , as I promise every week it is on its way .
 The quality of the berimbaus were not good . Too flexible . The parts that came with such as the arame , caxixi , and cabaca were good , however the verga was not good at all .
 My friend own one of these and it made a drastic changes in the quality of the tone . so i had to get one for my self . But the one i got didnt work as my friend 's own . i could hear an improvement on the tone but i could barely hear it cause it create a very loud hum . mine didnt eliminate any hum , it created hum . so i could not use this at all when i am playing . I tried all kind connections and wires it still makes a loud hum . so i borrowed my friend 's hum eliminator and all of a sudden , no hum . so it not my connection .
 This product has a tremendous washed-out quality when plugged in without amplification . I do n't have an amp and ca n't test it with one until I do , but I have tested it with my VCR and laptop going to a surround 5.1 speaker system . They worked fine , nice and loud before but the laptop used to run with a ground-loop hum that was kind of annoying . Now the sound is anemic and has the quality of listening through a soup-can telephone system -LRB- phantom reverb , small echos , totally washed-out sound and very weak . -RRB- On the upshot , it completely got rid of the ground loop hum . Now I 'm searching for an amp that works with 1/2 '' plugs . This may be a goose-chase though and I may wind up returning it to where I got it -LRB- not Amazon unfortunately . -RRB- If you 're looking for un-amped ground-loop elimination , look elsewhere .
 I bought this since one of my laptops -LRB- generic brand -RRB- had a ground loop problem when connected to my powered monitors -LRB- KRK RP-5 G2 -RRB- and I was trying to fix it.With the laptop causing problems , which has a power supply cable with an earth pin , it does reduce the hum when using XLR-cables -LRB- although still adible in the signal -RRB- . With my other laptop , which does not have an earth pin on the power supply cable -LRB- Dell Vostro 1500 -RRB- , however , it adds a serious amount of high pitched noise , clicks and hum to the signal when no noise was present before . Due to this reason I sincerely recommend against buying this , as for some devices it works , but for others it apparently does the opposite of what it is supposed to do .
 I purchased this tuner as a replacement for my Korg CA-30 , however , I was disappointed to find it would not register the low string . Now I have to purchase another Korg CA-30 anyway .
 This thing is a POS.I bought it because it was a Sabine . I 've used a Sabine ST1000 in the past , and it worked great.However , do n't was the money on a Sabine NexTune-12Z Chromatic Tuner
 I need the mallets for the 18th of October and it 's the 14th my auditions depend on me getting these mallets .
 I have owned this product now for a little over a year and I have been through 4 wa302 instrument cables . They are cheap chords and also very expensive . I would never buy another shure system again .
 As you show in the picture I recived a completely different product , not like a picture I do n't why.I ordered according to the picture but you sent me another product , for example without antennas external only internals.So I pay like a PGX14 , but you sent me a PG14.I 'm not agree with this purchase
 Boy , am I ever disappointed in Shure . I 've been in the business for 20 + years using Shure products , wired and wireless . I 'm also a licensed professional engineer to give some comfort in my credibility . My church recently started having some issues with our old Shure UHF wireless transmitter -LRB- 10 + years old -RRB- . I thought it was time to purchase a new unit . After reviewing the specs between the PGX and SLX systems I could n't see any difference in the printed specs other than some bells & whistles in the receiver unit . I chose to purchase the PGX24/SM58 unit to save a little money as we did n't really need the extra bells & whistles . Got the first unit , hooked it up , sync 'd the mic , set the gain structure , ready to go . During the service I noticed a lot of audio distortion coming from the unit , and I 'm thinking maybe low batteries came with the unit . I put in new batteries after the first service . I had the same problem in the next service . The distortion is so bad I actually had congregation members asking me `` What 's up with the microphone , it sounded funny . '' I call Shure explain the issue . They tell me `` No , it should n't have that distortion in there and to send it back . '' I get a new unit the following week . Hook it up and guess what the same crappy distorted audio . I 'm frustrated with this result so I start trying to think of anything crazy that might be going on . The PG series transmitter has a -10 dB pad switch built into the unit for loud SPL 's , so I 'm thinking maybe the transmitter is overloading . I apply the -10 dB pad and no change at all . If it is a transmitter overload issue these things wo n't handle much as this was used only for speaking . The receiver unit indicated overloading much of the time , but even in non overload conditions the distortion was still the same . Another beast was the switching frequencies on this unit . Lots of cut outs and static when this unit changes frequency due to range -LRB- My install is less than 60ft . -RRB- This PGX series equipment is very poor quality and I would n't recommend it to anyone . A side note
 I bought a PGX24/SM58-H 6 and registered it on line on 2/22/2011 . There is a hum coming from the Shure wireless microphone , I finally traced it down to the DC power supply adapter PS21US . I had an old Shure Mic and if I use that old power supply adapter , the hum is gone.I faxed Shure about the problem but they will not sent me a new DC power supply adapter and wanted me to send back the power supply with the `` hum '' first to check it out . Shure will not pay for the postage.The problem is : - a 12 volt power supply adapter costs less than $ 10 and if I have to spend over $ 5 to mail it , it just does not make sense.Right now to get the two wireless mics working , I am borrowing a 12V power supply from my hard drive . So my hard drive can not work when I am using the two Shure microphones.If it were not the bad Shure warrenty , I would have given the product a 5 star rating . -LRB- P.S. I had worked as an audio engineer before that 's why I can debug the `` hum '' problem .
 I purchased this microphone from Guitar Center and spent almost $ 400 on it when i was out the door . The sound is great !!! But ... the cable that hooks the receiver into a power source has a short in it . As if it could n't handle a bend ? So whenever the cable or recover is touched at all , the power shuts off and back on again . This is my second unit since the first one was stolen from a gig , and the older one did the exact same thing . The second main issue which has led me to purchase a whole other system altogether , is the fact that I can only go about 20 feet from the receiver before I get dropouts and lose signal . 20 feet ! I have a mobile DJ business and it works great when I 'm emceeing behind the DJ booth , but during toasts or speeches , I 'm sweating bullets , hoping they do n't go too far.All in all , excellent lows and sound , terrible range and power supply unit ...
 I 've used the Shure SM58 's and the wireless mic systems for years and bought this latest technical wonder . It does have a lot of nice `` bells and whistles '' . I love the new `` AA '' power supply over the old vulnerable 9 volt tabs . I dislike very much the weak signal this mic puts out , even at the `` higher '' level -LRB- you get two choices -RRB- . You 've got to be within 1 '' or so from the mic screen or be ready to crank the gain knob wide open . Only problem there is the mic gets overly sensitive . I even called the Shure tech reps ; they told me this all was `` normal '' . I would n't buy this model again . What good is any mic if it does n't deliver normal gain ?
 WARNING - Do NOT buy this product from Mason35 . He sells counterfeit SM57 microphones , so there is a very good chance thisproduct from Shure he is selling is suspect as well . Everyone else sells this product for around the same price , except a couple of merchants -LRB- including Mason35 -RRB- who are just regular people posting items on Amazon . That alone should be a clue , along with the fact that he does NOT state his return policy . Also take a look at the feedback of the couple people that are selling this product NEW for well under the going price , not a whole lot of seller history \ feedback.I know because i bought an SM57 microphone from him . The product i received was a classic counterfeit , and to top it off was very inadequately packaged for shipment . Just check on google for Counterfeit \ fake SM57 mics and you will see . Chances are , this is a fake , or is most likely NOT new . Be aware . Its really too bad people have nothing better to do than to rip people off of their hard earned money . Very sad .
 THIS ADD IS ONLY FOR THE MICROPHONE . NOT THE ENTIRE SYSTEM . . WOODWIND AND BRASSWIND HAS MADE GOOD ON THE PURCHASE , BUT THE ADD IS VERY MISLEADING . IT STATES IT IS FOR THE ENTIRE `` SYSTEM '' WHEN IT IS ONLY THE MICROPHONE YOU ARE PURCHASING . GREAT DEAL IF YOU NEED A REPLACEMENT MICROPHONE , BUT IF YOU NEED A `` SYSTEM '' DO N'T PURCHASE THIS ONE.HOPEFULLY THEY WILL REVISE THIS ADD , AND IT WILL RESOLVE THE PROBLEM .
 In March and only buy this microphone I 've used it three times and I no longer working , when you turn it down but once the green light turns red I have tried a thousand ways to work thinking that I could be misused but no , the receiver I think it 's that bad because I have another and place it with the other receiver and need help from shure does not want to waste my article so hard that I purchased
 I thought this would be the perfect product for protecting the wooden hoop on my bass drum . However , once you put the Hoop Guard on the bass drum hoop it becomes too thick to attach your bass drum pedal . I have a Tama Starclassic Maple drum kit -LRB- about 10 years old -RRB- , and an older DW 5000 bass drum pedal -LRB- about 15 years old -RRB- . I might be able to get a newer pedal that would fit my drum hoop with this guard attached , but that 's not worth it unless I absolutely need a new pedal . Just a heads up if you 're looking at this product .
 The hoop guards I received had virtually no adhesive on them , or else the adhesive had dried up in storage/transit . I 'm returning them to get aPearl HPP2 Metal Hoop Protector for Wood BD Hoops .
 Even though I bought this fog machine almost 2 years ago , I used it about 4 times . It 's been put up for about a year - went to use it today and it will not heat up . Looked around and found that many other people experience this , not just the one reviewer on this page . These poorly-built units should be replaced ; $ 100 is a lot to spend when my first fog machine cost me $ 40 and lasted for 5 + years , and only died when I left fog fluid in it for about a year and it coagulated - ruining the pump and clogging the heater . I bought this as a replacement , and boy am I disappointed .
 I purchased this fogger and it was DOA . Took it back and got another one , it lasted about 30 min and quit working . Will look elsewhere for better quality .
 I needed a Yamaha PA-3 or PA-3B and I was sent a PA-3C , which is the wrong voltage . I do n't have any idea if it works
 Either this is the wrong power adaptor for the keyboard -LSB- altho it is listed in the manual as 1 of 2 that work -RSB- or it does n't work at all , but it does not power the keyboard .
 We ordered these to have in time for All-State auditions . We received them in October and we were already ordering new mallets by December . These are the most poorly-made mallets we 've ever purchased . For nearly $ 40 , they should have lasted longer than 2 months .
 According to Ace Photo Digital -LRB- seller -RRB- this item is no longer being sold . Check with the seller first , otherwise you may receive a substitute you would not have ordered .
 Our band director ordered 2 pairs of them and on the first day of use I broke the heads of 3 of them . Not good at all for professional use . They 'll be fine I suppose if you 're only playing very softly . But honestly , you should n't bother with these .
 it was small and it 's made by bad wood !!!!!!!! and that does n't say in its information ! you should put more information about this stuff
 I was deciding between two and three stars . As a general assessory kit , this was fine but this was listed as a complete care and cleaning kit which it is DEFINITELY not . There is one tiny half pipe cleaner and a brush -LRB- 2 in 1 -RRB- and that 's the extent . I needed something to clean between the keys and joints and this is definitely , definitely not it . However , it does come with a bunch of cloths and leather like pieces for buffing . It does not include a user pamphlet as stated .
 The only thing in this kit that a beginning flutist really needs is the polishing cloth -- provided -LRB- s -RRB- he has a silver or silver-plated flute . At that , I 'd prefer a Sunshine cloth to the cloth in this kit . A beginner does n't need oil for the springs and certainly does n't need cork grease . I 'm not sure quite what one would do with the little brush -- I suppose if you had bad flute care habits it would let you brush lint or dirt away from the keys and workings . The chamois cloths are too small and thick to use to mop the inside of the flute though they do a nice job of getting rid of fingerprints on the outside . Instead of buying this kit obtain an old cotton or linen handkerchief -LRB- to use with the cleaning rod provided with your flute -RRB- , a box of alcohol wipes -LRB- to clean the outside of the flute -- do n't get them near the pads -- and a Sunshine cloth for polishing . If you really want it all also get some curl papers -LRB- $ 2 for 1,000 -RRB- to remove moisture from the pads .
 In general , the sticks are fine , and when the rubberized dip is new , it feels good and definitely improves your grip.However , when the dip starts breaking down , it starts tearing off in multiple places , which makes the sticks very uncomfortable to hold . I 'm an amateur player , and I play between one to two hours a week with these , tops . They broke down after six months , which works out to somewhere between 25 and 50 hours of play.I only use these sticks to play on an electronic Roland kit , so the sticks have never come into contact with a metal rim.I would recommend any number of other sticks that have a `` tack '' grip instead of a rubberized grip .
 I took this mic on one job and promptly returned it the next day -LRB- not purchased on Amazon -RRB- . Basically it did not sound good and had way too much feedback . It may be alright for some light use , but if you are a true professional this product is not for you . I could tell from the moment I opened the box , neither the mic nor the receiver had any weight to them . You can tell it is a cheapy . On the tough and lonely road , it will not be there for you , it will not be your friend . GO STEELERS !!
 This pop filter is very cheaply made . The clamp that is at the `` bottom '' of the plastic ring which allows it to be mounted to the bendable arm fell off after just a few uses . I currently have just the pop filter rubber-banded to my mic . Looking for one that is better made.Avoid ...
 I would not recommend this filter . It does n't attach to the stand securily and the gooseneck is too flexible.Very hard to get it to stay in the position that you want it in .
 Unless this is made of some material developed by NASA , you 're just as well off stealing some of your mom 's or girlfriend 's nylons and stretching them over a wire hanger . Honestly , this product is no more complicated than that . Save your money , be creative .
 I 've used three pop filters in my experiences with home recording and podcasting . This one is the worst . The plastic screw -LRB- yes , plastic -RRB- that is meant to grip the pole that you attach the pop filter to , is completely incapable of supporting it 's own weight at nearly any angle . Bad ... just bad.Secondly , there is a metal piece that secures the flex arm to the clamp . It seemed loose after I got it out of the packaging and the flex arm would wobble and rotate in that spot causing a major problem when it came to proper placement . After twisting on it twice I stripped it out . Now the thing is worthless . I 'm returning it ASAP.I would rather go to a lady 's bag flea market sale with a crazy woman for a day than continue to put up with this thing . Do yourself a huge favor and buy the Nady 6 '' pop filter . If you do n't , you 'll wish you did .
 I have a bad story with this filter.First I order it as an Amazon-own item which mean it may has a decent quality but actually Amazon lied me . The item was ship from some crappy store call woodwind ... something I have not heard about . That the 1st bad.Secondly when I open the box , instead of an nice item as displayed on the website , this is a very very crappy , cheap chinese made Pop Filter . The filter grid is a cheap nilon grid , which I think they steal from their mom 's ... and the rim is also very cheap plastic one . Most importantly the hanger is very crappy , defective . I can not direct the hanger as I want to cover my mic.Caraaaaaappppppy , keep away from it .
 I found the product to be too ` non-resilient ' for the rigors of studio use . Plastic ring broke upon installation .
 CAD is universally known , at least in my circles , as super low quality cheap stuff . From the mics to instruments to accessories . I thought maybe , this pop screen would be difference , since it 's pretty basic . But nope , CAD continues it 's flaws.The packaging of this thing was just plain horrible , it was so folded it up , I was afraid to even open it for fear it was already broken . Maybe that means it was a used item ?? I dunno.After one day of use , and attaching it to a vocal mic stand , the pop screen fell off . The screw was tightened really good , and should have held it , but it just came out . I got it to stay on , but any sudden movements , or a light breeze from the air condition , and this thing is coming off.Not worth paying the shipping to return it , and will not buy any CAD items ever again
 This thing is worse than you can imagine . When my dad was stationed in Hawaii , back when dinosaurs ruled the earth and great pterosaurs prowled the skies , I had two plastic ukes . At least they played tunes . This piece of junk is n't even a good toy for kids.It came just shipped in its own box , Two of the tuning pegs were too loose and two were nearly frozen . None could be adjusted in any reasonable manner . It 's all a bad joke and not worth shipping back if you are dumb enough to buy it . Aloha .
 I know this is an extremely inexpensive ukulele , so be prepared for it not to stay in tune . What can be done is to squeeze the two pieces of metal behind the tuners to increase the pressure on the `` screw '' threads so they do n't unwind due to the tension of the string being tightened to tune it to the right note . If you want a better quality ukulele , you will have to spend quite a bit more money than the $ 11 I paid for this one .
 No instructions , plain white box marked RECONDITIONED . No mention of reconditioned in Amazons write up . Called customer service and was assured that it was a mistake . He sent me a return shipping label and reordered the switch . Received second switch , same thing.What gives Amazon ?
 I got this light before the LED lights started coming out in the retail channel . Those lights tend to almost be too bright , but they have the advantage of running for ages on tiny batteries . Unfortunately , this light uses 4 AA batteries which makes it fairly hefty . It alternatively can operate on an AC adapter . This makes it lighter , but it 's still bulky because of the battery compartment.The Good : The light is nicely bright with a natural quality that 's easy on the eyes.It has a ratcheting arm so you can put it where you want and it stays there -LRB- better than most of the flexible arm ones -RRB- Includes an AC adapter slot -LRB- though no AC adapter -RRB- Can help weigh down lighter books to keep the pages from turningNice large clamp for attaching to books.Lamp shade which allows you to throw the light where you want without blinding your vision.Decent quality plastic - Made in ChinaThe Bad : No brightness adjustment.Heavy -LRB- can be a benefit in some cases -RRB- and makes holding up a book all the more tiring.Bulky - Makes it really hard for a book to sit properly in your hand.The ratcheting mades a loud click which can wake your wife in bed . : - -RRB- The clip has very limited strength and seems to slip easily.Eats up batteries fairly quickly - I use rechargeables in it now.I 'm giving it an even 2 because it 's a pain to use , really . Hopefully I can find a light weight LED clip-on which has a brightness adjustment with a quiet arm that stays in place and most importantly - natural lighting . If so , I 'll review it on here - but most LEDs wash out the page making it hard to read . The nice quality lamp is the only reason this one does n't get 1.5 stars !
 Do n't waste your time . It came in damaged and when I contacted them their service was terrible . The craftmanship is awful it wo n't stay tuned , the frets are sharp and dangerous . THeir customer service is horrific . I buy things from Amazon all the time and have never had such a terrible experience . Do n't waste time and money , they do n't stand behind their stuff . Go to guitar center and spend a few more dollars for a guaranteed Fender ... RUN !!!
 La guitarra est&aacute; muy apenitas . Inmediatamente te das cuenta de que no fue una buena compra . Claro que si el guitarrista es un chamaco , pues entonces la exigencia no es tanta . Sin embargo , yo hubiera preferido mejor compara otra cosa . Por cierto , el amplificador fall&oacute; al poco tiempo . El cable era tan chafo que hac&iacute;a tierra constantemente , por lo que tuve que comprar otro . Si quieren comprar una guitarra de este tipo , mejor vayan a una jugueter&iacute;a y v&eacute;anla f&iacute;sicamente , pru&eacute;benla y luego c&oacute;mprenla .
 I was really excited to get this so my son could start learning guitar . It seemed to be of good quality and even my father in law and bother in law , who have both been playing for over 30 years , said it was a nice peice . My FIL called it a touring guitar because I guess back in the day when he toured this is the size guitar they would often take out in the bus to practice since it is small and compact . Well , it was used once and the strings kept snapping . We know what we 're doing so it was n't us . The thing was strung over half a dozen times by several different people and it kept snapping . We even took it to the music store and they could n't get it strung either ... kept snapping . So at the end of the day we have a beautiful guitar that is completely worthless .
 I first reviewed this product and gave it an excellent rating . The product itself seems to be doing well but two days after my cousin received this in the mail my sister calls to tell me that The zipper broke on his case the very first day ! Otherwise it is in great condition . I just really wish I still had a case for him and it was not broken !!
 First the Zipper on the Bag Fall apart instantly , The Guitar itself is alright build quality strings on the guitar loose as can be almost falling off . cord to plug into amp split at both ends after 2nd use . all in all get a better one .
 I would not recommend this guitar . The concept is good because the little amp is fun , but the connections to the guitar is bad , so it fades in and out and you 're always having to play with the cord . The sound is very tinny and no matter how many times I tune it , it 's back out of tune WITHIN MINUTES . The look and feel of the guitar is really good however . IT IS DEFINITELY NOT PINK . IT 'S RED . So if your little girl desires pink , this is NOT the guitar you should order . It says metallic pink on the box , but it is not in any way pink . Santa brought my 4 year old this guitar , and she does n't like or enjoy it . She still likes the old acoustic pink guitar much better . It was enticing because the package is complete and the price is good , but I would n't recommend this purchase . Sorry Barcelona !
 Guitar was unevenly cut and defective on the amp -LRB- the amp gave a constant feedback which got worst with time . -RRB-
 I am surprised by the good reviews . The fretts are very crudely constructed and the ends are sharp . Within the first minute , my son 's guitar teacher said that he would likely cut his hands . Sure enough in his first lesson he cut his finger . This is really a very absurd defect . Also , the connection wire to the amp came apart after a week . Too much of a pain to find a box to return this . Will end up in the trash!Barcelona Kid 's Mini Electric Guitar with Amplifier Combo - RedBarcelona Kid 's Electric Guitar Set with Amp - BlackBarcelona Kid 's Electric Guitar Set with Amp , Gig Bag and Accessories - Blue
 ok for a few lessons but will need to upgrade very shortly if there is serious interest . I would not recommend .
 When you view the technical details for this product , it indicates that a Battery Box is included with the Mic , even shows the weight of the battery box that 's supposed to come in the mic.This information is INCORRECT . The battery box only comes with the more expensive models , NOT this one.Please make sure NOT to buy this product unless you have a source that can power this mic , because without the battery box or a source that can power it , the mic is useless .
 I have had mini-harmonicas in the past that played their limited range quite nicely . These do not . They are hard to play -LRB- especially the notes one plays by breathing in -RRB- , and the tone is tinny and even somewhat out of tune . I was quite disappointed , and realize I need to be willing to pay more .
 Im a boy ... why in the hell world , i would use a pink necklace , i will not return it becuase im goimg to give it to a friend . but im very sat ...
 I have to say that I am very upset due to something that I think could easily be prevented
 The twist tightener broke after a few months of use . When I tried to tighten it , it would n't get tight at all . The mic would just slope down and so it was unusable . The Samson pop filter I had was much better quality . It 's not the quality I would expect for audio equipment .
 I notice another person had this same problem ... the part that is used to tighten the shock mount and hold it in place broke after adjusting it a total of TWO times . After twisting it -LRB- and not even applying much pressure -RRB- it just warped and the screw-in component is dead . Now , it will not stay tight and just falls limp . In other words , it is useless . I will be throwing it away and looking for a better product . This was poor quality craftsmanship if you ask me . Consider your other options and do n't waste your money on cheap equipment .
 Build quality is utter garbage.I bought three of these things to use in three different locations.One broke on arrival . One broke after two weeks of use . The last one just broke after two months of infrequent use.Have replaced all of them with -LRB- a much more expensive -RRB- shock mounts from audio technica
 Pouch was suggested by Amazon to go with harmonica I just bought . It is way too big so just ended up donating this thing . Cheap but useless unless you know the exact size of your harmonica
 This might be nice for the larger harmonicas but is useless to me . All it does is take up drawer space .
 This IS WAY TOO BIG for my big river diatonic harp . It does not fit a 10 hole harmonica.I now use this pouch for jewelry :-RRB- It is actually pretty good for that !
 I do n't have this item but I 've read enough of the reviews here . If you 're looking for a carrying case for your diatonic harp , I 'd recommended purchasing here at Amazon
 Ordered the pouch as a suggested `` also purchased '' item w/harmonica . Needless to say it is useless - harmonica will not fit - not worth returning .
 I am very disatisfied with the distributor of this product . I did not receive this product . It has taken an inordinate amount of time . I contacted the distributor , but I still have not received this part of my order . Thank You . AFL
 Looking for a simple belt pouch to carry a single harp around , and thought this would be it , but I find it very tight and small for comfortably holding a standard 10-hole harp -LRB- a Special 20 in my case -RRB- . Difficult to get the harp out of once it 's in .
 Mine came broken . There was a ground fault , resulting in loud buzzing noise . I returned it and ordered another , and that one had a broken selector switch . I do n't know if it 's Dean , Amazon or UPS , but I would n't get one of these here .
 The positive points brought up by the other reviewers are correct , almost everything about this metronome is awesome . I 've got to return it because when you increase the tempo , it restarts the beat . Sorry but the way I practice is to play and bump it up or down a bpm every four bars or whatever , since it does n't maintain the beat , this thing is no good to me .
 Do n't waste your money here . Download DVD Shrink , it 's free . Use Nero Recode or any other converting software to convert it to mpeg . Many free programs to do this too . Then download PSP Video 9 , also free . This will shrink it down and put it right where it needs to be on your PSP . I 've ripped hundreds of my DVD 's this way . Works like a charm . I use an older version of PSP Video 9 as I do n't like their newer version as much . Find version 1.74 .
 I knew it ... I predicted it ... and I saw so for myself . THis item is way to good to be true . First off you ca n't copy dvds , it 's illegal and it says that the company that makes this product is against piracy -LRB- copyright infringment -RRB- . SO there 's really nothing to copy onto your psp because of that unless you have like family movies or stuff you taped off the tv but it ai n't the same as copying a real good movie or tv show . But please PLEASE !!! Everyone trust me !! And listen to me now !!! This item is a complete waste of money and I would only recommend it to people who want to burn a hole in their pocket.This is a definete do n't buy !!!!!!!
 worked only a few times.WHAT A WASTE OF MONEY !!! I bought from target , so I thought it was a real program that actually worked , but I was sorely wrong.Hear that sound ? 30 bucks down the toilet .
 `` Variax Acoustic 700 in natural is a breakthrough product for any guitarist '' ... as long as you are right handed .
 We received this kit in about 8 weeks . We decided to open it on Christmas Eve to put it together . It did not come with any stands . We also have to drill holes in order to afix the Tom drums . Not very good at this because we have never put together a drum kit . There we few missing items as well . Did not work out well for us at all as we were trying to inspire or Rock Band drummer to get on a set of real drums .
 These rack ears by Raxxess are extremely heavy duty . That 's not all good news if you have to carry your rack around , because you 'll be cursing the extra weight . If you buy these for a Mackie 1402VLZ3 , as I did , you better plan to spend some extra time and money finding and purchasing at least four screws and/or hardware to replace the chassis screws on the VLZ3 for mounting these brackets , as the existing screws wo n't even reach the threads through the thick metal of these rack ears . To me , the failure of Raxxess to provide necessary hardware to make the ears work out of the box is horrible customer service and support for the product . It appears when I 'm done , the system will work in a standard 19 '' rack -LRB- unlike the other reviewer 's comment -RRB- , but I 'm off to find the hardware , cuz ' I ca n't install the VLZ3 in my rack until I do .
 Good quality construction , but do n't exactly fit the mackie vlz pro 1402 as advertised . The hole configuration left only one possible way to attach and mount the mixer . To do so , I had to obtain washers and longer screws than the ones on the side of the mixer , and when attached , made the entire setup -LRB- nmixer plus rack ears -RRB- 21 inches wide , 2 inches wider than a standard audio rack . Needless to say , aftefr drilling 8 holes I am using them in a manner which works , but is not exactly the most efficient and aesthetic use of this product
 I 've worked with various Pinnacle Studio versions since last decade , and they 've all had two things in common :1 . When the program works , it 's superb .2 . The other 50 % of the time , it crashes frequently , and hard!For years , Pinnacle had designed the market 's top , novice-affordable video editing/authoring platforms , but for some frustrating reason , they just ca n't seem to keep the bugs out . This verson is no exception.Lately , the competition in this market has mushroomed , and there are better alternatives available for the same price . At last , others have emulated the Pinnacle platform while eliminating the work/creativity-killing bugs.My advice ? Shop around . Google the competition . But save yourself the frustration and steer away from anything Pinnacle .
 WORST ... SOFTWARE ... EVER ! DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY OR TIME LIKE MYSELF AND SO MANY OTHER POOR SOULS DID ! Read the reviews , cnet also . Go to the Pinnacle Support User Forum Site -LRB- pinnaclesys dot com -RRB- and read the countless people who ca n't get it to work.This software just does n't work , end of story . You will be more upset about your time wasted than your money , buy anything but this . Render error , render error , render error ... you will have nightmares about crashes and render errors , no wait , they are real . The only person who should buy this is the smart lawyer who is going to start the class action lawsuit against Pinnacle for selling us something that is not even beta quality , it is pure crapware , try to make anything longer than 20 minutes with many transitions and it does not work , period .
 I bought this version of Studio to update my video editing capabilities . I have n't been able to complete the install yet . I have an e-mail in to support but they only work certain hours . Further , when I get to the point where I get a failure , cleaning up and starting over is virtually impossible due to some files being impossible to delete . And , the product never appears in the Add/Remove function of the control panel . Further comments will be tempered by how well the support folks address my problem .
 In 2 days it has crashed my system 20 times . Products like this should not be sold in Amazon or anywhere else . This is a fraud
 While the sound of the instruments in this product are generally very good , they are not suitable for any serious musician to use . Samples are short and the ability for a competent user to lengthen them as needed is very restricted . Then try to get support from the company !! I waited 14 days for a response to a simple question and had to threaten them with stopping payment before I got any kind of answer . Then , the answer was that they could n't help me and that they would not accept a return of the product for a refund . BUYER BEWARE !!! When I complained , all they did was send me a copy of the end-user license . I called AMEX and filed a claim against them . I 'm going back to Vienna Instruments which sound better , work better and have EXCELLENT Customer Support ! At least you can call Vienna and get a real person on the line . EastWest does n't even have a support phone number . STAY AWAY FROM THIS PRODUCT !!!
 You will be able to find demos showcasing the instruments in this library , and they will sound very good , and they really do . But this review is about telling prospective buyers what they DO N'T tell you.MOST of the instruments in this library have NOTE RANGE LIMITATIONS ! For example , their solo violin sounds awesome , but it has about a 3-octave limitation . How does that translate negatively ? I had a cadenza in my music that somehow fell short about three notes in the lower range ! When you exceed their note-range limitations , you hear silence ! I ended up having to create a separate track and selecting a similar sounding instrument -LRB- in this case a viola -RRB- to compensate for the three notes that the solo violin could not provide!I do understand why they did it this way though , and it 's to preserve the fidelity of the sampled instruments . But it is in my humble opinion that they should 've provided the full range anyway , even if they had to synthesize the remaining notes , and leave it to the judgement of the musician whether or not they would use those synthesized compensations.These note-range limitations could turn your arrangement from being simple and organized to becoming a convoluted and messy fragmented arrangement . Musicians should not be restricted in this way.Also , I found their installation documentation highly convoluted . If you think your installation will be a simple and smooth `` Insert the DVD and sit back and wait '' , think again . When you receive the package , it comes with a sheet of instructions telling you that the DVDs are OUTDATED , and that you should download the latest version from their web site . What they did n't say was that you still had to use the outdated DVDs anyway or the instrument libraries wo n't get installed . But this will be just the beginning of your ordeal . In the interest of time and space in this review , I 'm not going to enumerate all the steps you have to go through , but just be prepared for an unorthodox , convoluted process of installation.I was tempted to give this product a one-star , but the quality of their sampled instruments were excellent . I also liked how they provided different articulations for some of the key instruments like strings . For example , Violins would have a long/legato version , a staccato version , a tremolo version , an accented version , etc. . Most instruments do not come with this level of refinement , but they are very good -LRB- as long as you do not exceed the note-range limitations ! -RRB- Buy this orchestral library if you want , but you have been forewarned !
 I tried the silver edition I paid $ 350 for . I was not impressed with the quality of the strings that was on the level of a typical string synthesizer . When I went to sell the software , the company disallowed resale and transference.Don ' t believe a word they right about how true this software is to real instruments . You instantly can know they 're lying because nothing compares to the real thing . You ca n't compare these kind of programs to REAL instruments , only to other similar fake instrument programs .
 What EastWest will not tell you , and you have to look for on their site in small print , is the dongle called `` iLok '' . They make you buy it for about $ 40 , or your software wont work.I have not gotten around to actually review the software for quality - got the Silver version for Christmas.It just bugs me that they can not tell you about the `` iLok '' . Other software , like Cubase , include their dongle . So why ca n't EastWest manage that ? Sad that they have to treat their customers like that.And what the other reviewer said about not being able to sell your songs if you like ? That just sucks big time too . They all go too far with the copyright laws . What ever happened to the times , when you could just record your own music on your instrument and sell it?Shame on you , EastWest !
 K&M ; 15201B Trumpet StandI used these stands for years , until one of my trumpets was knocked over with only a slight brush by my knee . The trumpet fell on a hard floor and damaged the 2nd valve slide assembly ; after hundreds in repair bills , it never worked well again.The problem is that this stand has a fatal design flaw , in that it tips over far too easily with your instrument on it.Thousands of these tip-prone stands were sold -LRB- and are still in use -RRB- before K&M ; invented the much-more-stable , FIVE legged stand . Search Amazon on
 I am disappointed in the bench as the wood color does not match the stand color for the Yamaha keyboard . There is quite a bit of red in bench wood color and no red in the stand color .
 The inital bench that I recieved had a hole on the top area of the cushion . It was easily returned and a replacement was sent in a timely manner . The second bench that I recieved was also damaged with holes on each of the corners . I have also returned this product and was informed that it would not be replaced because there was a larger problem with these products being defective .
 Two of the four corners of the bench are broken down , cushion with a brown stripe as rust on it , the thermo-plastic material that covers boards under the seat are peeling off in the corners and one in the middle too , legs with spots as ink -LRB- blue spots on wood !!! -RRB- and cracks-holes also on them . Missing nut and washer for legs assembly . Colors does not mach DGX620 and of course it wo n't with DGX505 as stated . There was not any assembly tool and user manual in it as indicated . I just put it back in the box , this is a piece of garbage . MADE IN CHINA is printed on the box !
 This is supposed to match the DGX 630/620 and YPG 635/625 series digital pianos/keyboards . Even though Yamaha `` makes '' it -LRB- they list the WB2 on their site , but probably outsource it -RRB- , the colors on this are way off from the piano , and do not match the picture . In fact the legs of the bench are actually a different color than the top portion that supports the padding . The legs have a very distinct orange tint that clashes with the top and with the piano , even when viewed from a distance . The top portion is much closer to the correct color , but the manufacturer must have decided to use a cheaper material for the legs . Also , the seat cushion material is not a tan color , as the picture indicates , but instead has a greenish tint to it . I swear I 'm not color blind ! My wife took one look and thought it was hideous and I 'm now returning it . I do n't normally do many product reviews , but I really think it 's a crime that this says it is a matching bench.Other than the color , it seems to be very sturdy and well made . That 's the only reason it got 2 stars from me instead of one .
 I knew there were problems with the product based on other reviews . However , it is the only bench that matches our keyboard . I should have known better . A corner of the bench top was already ripped when I pulled it out of the box .
 Yamaha WB2 Padded Wooden Bench for the Yamaha DGX505 and DGX620 , Natural FinishThis item was returned , because it was received severely damaged , after returning it , new bench , is damaged also , the bench legs has -LRB- chipped wood -RRB- . I 'm very disappointed with both orders . Discount Jungle should make adjustments .
 I ordered this bench also and too much red in the legs , seat was peeling off in the corner , did n't match the photo and Made in China stamped on it . It is very poor construction and workmanship . So , I had to return the item to the store , which graciously did take it back on return . It 's just aggravating to go through ordering an item and then being disappointed . I 'll stick with USA made ones in the future , and shame on Yamaha even carrying such a cheaply made bench as this . I do like my Yamaha keyboard .
 This is n't an adult stool and has a very cheap feel and look -LRB- that 's why it 's a low price -RRB- . Got it for my wife for Xmas and returned it .
 This bench looked nothing like the picture . The woods are two different colors and the seat pad is a grayish color . I recently lost my job due to an illness and this was kind of a big purchase for me to go w / a new keyboard ... im keeping it , it feels fine just looks terrible and I did n't wanted to pay shipping to send it back ... Some reviews were similar to mine and thought maybe they were wrong ... . they were n't !
 I sent this bag back the second day . When closing the bag my cornet barely fit inside and the zipper around the edge was so tight that I was afraid it would start bending the bell . It also had no hole for a mouthpiece inside -LRB- let alone a second mouthpiece -RRB- . This is a really good idea for a bag with the shoulder strap but Gator should have invested some more thought and quality into it . Sadly , my old school semi-beat-up student style hard case does a better job than this and that 's why I sent it right back .
 Quality materials and construction , however the top -LRB- removable -RRB- clamp does not fit properly . Because of the angle of the lip on the bracket , the two halves do not fit squarely . It 's almost as if it were designed to fit a smaller diameter/gauge rod . As a result , it does n't fit as securely as it should , resulting in slippage . When the lip of the upper clamp is engaged/locked to the lower clamp , it has no choice but to tilt at an angle . The V grooves of the top and bottom clamps are not aligned with each other . If you tighten the wing nuts with pliers , it will hold tightly . However I think something will have to give . In a word , sloppy .
 From the time I received this and the time I boxed it back up was 5 minutes ! So poorly made , so easily tipped over-NOT good for my Gibson SG . NOT heavy duty as in the description . This is the worst guitar stand I 've ever seen
 I just got this for Christmas after requesting it along with an instructional booklet . It was the cheapest available harmonica and I wanted to get a feel for the instrument before investing a lot of money into it . After just 2 days I really enjoy it , but compared to my grandfather 's old harmonica , which was given to me as a surprise bonus , it just does n't seem very airtight by comparison.Also , this Hohner is made in China , as opposed to Germany like my grandpa 's old one . I do n't know if that 's common for all Hohner products now or just this one , but that may also explain the quality difference.When blowing into it I can hear a lot of air escaping for single notes when you pucker your lips . I ca n't blow through the 1-hole at all with this harmonica , for example ; all I hear is air escaping . If you prefer to use the tonging method for single notes this harmonica might work better for you , but tonging just does n't feel natural to me . Chords , however , seem to come out just fine.For a beginner , I definitely recommend a higher quality harmonica if you 're really serious about learning . If I did n't have my grandfather 's harmonica to compare it to , then I might have thought the problems were from my playing , rather than from the instrument .
 What do you get for $ 36.12 after UPS ground shipping ? A piece of foam two feet square by two inches thick . -LRB- 2 ` x2 ` x2 '' -RRB- The Amazon description does n't help saying its SIZE is 5.9 lbs and WEIGHT is also 5.9 lbs . -LRB- It actually weighs 1lb 1oz so not sure where they got close to six from . -RRB- I make a living as a full time sound guy and compared to other products I use this is one expensive piece of foam if your main use is to deaden sound . So unless you absolutely have to have a the color there are other options that will likely do the job .
 The item I recieved was not an ocarina , but rather a blue tambourine . I am thoroughly dissapointed with this and will certainly contact amazon about a return .
 ocarina was ordered , even though said blue tambourine ; followed with double checking item and figured the supplier was called blue tambourine . What a surprise . I see I was n't the only person that ordered the ocarina and received the tambourine .
 I thought I was ordering Ocarinas and received a tambourine . I see now that I am not the only customer who has had this problem . Maybe it 's time you fix your listing ... ? Get it right !
 I THOUGHT I was ordering two ocarinas . This DID show up when I searched `` ocarina . '' I did , however , find it a little odd that the title said `` Tambourine , Blue . '' I thought , perhaps , tambourine was an almost mauve shade of red , and not the useless noise-maker some percussionists use . I thought , since these looked like almost exact replicas from Legend of Zelda
 I was very pleased with this product about 2months ago . But the the clamp part of the capo wo n't stay on so it does n't hold the strings down . When I first got it it worked fine but after I used it for about two weeks it stopped working right .
 I bought Music Creator Pro to create sound tracks for the video projects I 've been putting together , and it 's a very capable set of tools . The MIDI and recorded sound mixing , effects , and automation would be perfect for my application - if they worked . The description of the product on Cakewalk 's web site is accurate , and the user interface is not very difficult to understand.I installed the software on a fast Windows XP machine , and soon discovered that it would crash when the drum pattern paint tool was used . Cakewalk 's tech support has been very slow in their responses , taking at least one day and sometimes more than four to respond . I still have n't received any help other than advice to reinstall the product -LRB- I did -RRB- , make sure I have the latest drivers -LRB- I do -RRB- , and delete a couple of configuration files -LRB- I did -RRB- . The drum pattern tool still crashes the application , and in the course of working through the tutorials -LRB- the ones I can use -RRB- I have also discovered some features that appear to be globally disabled.Two weeks after installing the product , I 'm simultaneously very impressed with the features and capabilities , and very disappointed with the responsiveness of Cakewalk 's tech support . If everything worked the way it was supposed to , I would probably rate Music Creator Pro with five stars . -LSB- update -RSB- It 's now a month since purchase , and the software still does not work correctly . Cakewalk will not support this product by telephone . If you call their -LRB- non-toll-free -RRB- support number , you are told that they only support Music Creator Pro by email . They have failed to respond to either of my last two email messages , the first of which was sent two weeks ago .
 stopped working after two days . terrible purchase ... I have no idea how something so simple could become faulty so quickly . DO N'T buy this ...
 So I 've had two of these D strings now , consequently , and have experienced the same problem with both . It 's not my violin or my playing because the violin was hand-made by a professional luthier and sounds great , and I 've been playing for several years -LRB- so those factors aside -RRB- . I start playing with a new Evah Pirazzi D string and over the next few months , it begins to lose its tone quality . After another few months , the outer wire windings begin to uncoil , leaving the violin with that nasty , vibrating sound that resembles metals flakes being shaken.The uncoiling typically begins in the first-position , where the hand 's third finger produces the tone of G -LRB- one octave above the lowest open string -RRB- . The uncoiling this spreads to the lower notes and soon corrupts the sound of all notes on the D-string . Do not buy this product . You will regret doing so , if you do buy it . Find a better D-string first . I speak from experience !
 I have had my Firebox for a while , using it with Windows XP and Mac OS X -LRB- Tiger and Leopard -RRB- on both an iBook and a Mac Pro -LRB- Intel -RRB- . It 's pretty easy to set up and use , and all the functions seem to work fine.My issue has been with digital noise -LRB- high screeching noise , low volume -RRB- that seems to be related to the firewire cable . If I connect through my monitor -LRB- the Mac 's monitor has Firewire and USB connectors that come up through the video cable -RRB- the level of that noise makes the card unusable . When I use a single cable , connected to the front of the Mac Pro , the noise is still present , but manageable -LRB- I turn up the Firebox and turn down my amp -RRB- . I have updated the drivers and firmware , but no improvement has been seen.I use this as my main sound card for the Mac Pro , and for recording with GarageBand and Cubase , along with a synthesizer connected via S/PDIF , and it all seems to work fine except that the S/PDIF interface needs to get its synchronization from the device that 's connected -LRB- synthesizer in my case -RRB- , and if you turn off the synthesizer , the Firebox stops working . Of course you can work around this by using an analog connection between the synthesizer and the Firebox , but then you have two additional conversions in the process -LRB- digital synth - > synth D/A convertor - > Firebox A/D convertor -RRB- with the additional possibility of analog cable noise.My overall satisfaction with the product is reduced significantly by the digital noise problem , however , and I 'll be looking for a higher quality product next time .
 Now that I have been able to run the Presonus Firebox through the paces I am starting to not like it . Everything I have done with it so far is all VO work so none of this review is based on instrument recording . There are a few of us that have done VO work through the Firebox and I would rate all of our voices as mid to high on volume . Thus I have not run into any problems with the unit until I recorded someone with a softer voice . I had everything cranked and it still was not enough . Now I have a noisy VO that needs to be redone . Yes , I have spent many , many hours trying to repair the audio and bring the noise down but have come to the conclusion that it will take less time to re-record than to continue to beat the dead horse.I will not put all the blame on Presonus , the unit comes with a software booster that adds about 12dB and if I crank the levels on the Firebox and record into Soundtrack it becomes useable for a softer voice but still not great . The software gain does ad noise so it is not a great solution.Since running into this problem I have read a number of other folks out there with similar issues . So if you have a medium to loud voice the Firebox has a very nice warm sound for the money . If you might record someone with a softer voice I would look elsewhere .
 I 'm very disappointed with my FireBox . The gain on the mic preamps is waaaay too low . I found out after I bought it that it only has 35dB of gain on the microphone preamps . This is n't nearly enough , even with very sensitive powered condenser microphones . With ribbons or dynamic mics , the FireBox is totally useless on it 's own . It really has to have external mic preamps to be useful.Presonus provides a 12dB `` digital boost '' , which is a poor band-aid for the inadequate analog gain . The digital boost just throws away 12dB of resolution and dynamic range , and still only brings the signal up to a barely-usable level . I strongly recommend you avoid the 12dB boost feature , as it really degrades the signal.If you can live with this significant deficiency , the FireBox is a decent audio interface . As other reviewers point out , it is easy to set up and use , especially under Mac OS X. I had it up and running in no time . ****** Update ****** Today I tried recording something through mic input # 2 . Unfortunately , I get a high-pitched whine / squeal kind of noise . It 's not really loud , but it is n't too quiet either . This noise is ruining everything I record through channel 2 . Very annoying , and I have n't found a way to get rid of it . When I move the mic back to input # 1 , the noise pretty much goes away , although if I listen really closely , I can actually hear the same high pitched sound very very faint on that channel too . I just did n't notice it before.For a dedicated recording device which is supposed to give you good clean recordings , this kind of squeal in everything I record is unacceptable . Maybe I got a dud , but how did this unit make it out of the factory ? Presonus or their chinese manufacturer is clearly lacking in the quality control department.I 'm downgrading my two-star rating to one star , and probably sending it back if I ca n't fix the noise problem . I 'm now considering the Focusrite Saffire or Motu Ultralite instead . If you want something in the same price range , Edirol FA-66 is one possibility .
 It was all the glowing reviews that helped me decide the Firebox was the tool I needed to do the job.But when I tried to install the software , it wouldnt read ! So after I beat myself in the head for a while I go to Presonus Tech Sppt FAQ 's . Item 1 , top of the chart ... `` SOFTWARE THAT WONT READ ? '' -LRB- Clik here to recieve a new disc -RRB- Obviously this has happed before.While the Firebox may be a great interface , and I may be missing out on the chance to work with it and Cubase ... Mine is going back to whence it came . This is not the way we should start a relationship with a new product.Perhaps that should hunt down and recall all the defective software . Oh yeah , before you say it 's my drive thats defect ... I have 3 computers here , 1 PC and 2 MACS . It worked on none of them.No matter how well it works , when it works ... With regret , I got ta give it a thumbs down .
 I got 2 college degrees -LRB- not in music -RRB- , but I dont ' understand the terminology . They need to make the directions user friendly . They are not . If you ca n't get someone to explain what the instructions are saying , I 'd recommend just buying a sequencer that does not require a degree in music to figure out how it works.Problem 1
 Long story short , very un-impressed by their support . The interface made a loud buzzing noise when plugged into usb only . AC plug fixed that for a while , but then it finally burnt out and would n't turn on . Called , emailed tech support , no response at all . Boo
 Preamps are low gain and noisy . Latency is n't that good either for a firewire interface . At the 2ms setting , I get 14 ms total latency -LRB- measured using centrance ltu ... google it -RRB- . I 'd recommend skipping this one .
 I recently upgraded from PC to Mac . As such , I 'm unable to use my M-Audio Delta 1010 PCI card , as the Mac Pro does n't have PCI , only PCIe . So I figured the Firebox would be a cheap -LRB- and easy -RRB- way to get a dynamic mic plugged into the computer , to record voiceovers for screencasts.I plugged in my Sony KSM27 , a fairly decent mic , and got nothing . After some fiddling with settings , I managed to get a tiny bit of audio.At first I could n't tell if anything was going through the mic into the unit , because there 's no meters on the front , sides or back of it.So I cranked the gain to +30 on the unit , and turned on the `` Vocal +15 '' option in their `` software . '' Then I cranked the volume in my DAW program , and barely got an audible signal.Turned everything at 100 % volume , I got some audio . Was it good quality ? Not exactly . Was it something I 'd be proud of showing to anyone . Not at all.But for less than $ 200 , what do you expect ? It does the job , barely . But if you 're looking for a serious solution to recording any type of vocal audio , this is not the device for you.I 've returned it , and have ordered the Presonus FireStudio Project , which should be here tomorrow . Hopefully that 'll be somewhat better . I 'll have a review of that shortly .
 My firewire ports a totally useless , l have to get it fixed . No longer are my wonderful AKG stereo stick mics working because there are bad connections in the Presonus Firebox firewire ports.Be very aware when buying this product . It seems like they make it with not solid workmanship . It will work for a while then get loose over time.Be very aware of those firewire ports ! Not even sure if I will pay to get it fixed or buy another type of interface . I really do n't want to buy this product again , because of both ports being faulty !
 Bad experience with Cubase LE 4 that comes with it . Suffering from bad dropouts . Tried everything with all the settings recommended . Downloaded the updated version from Steinberg but it failed to recognize the LCC licence control so I have to downgrade and got stuck with it . I have not got a single satisfactory recording done yet . I am looking at trying the Firebox with other recording software .
 Do your homework before buying this device . Go to the Presonus forum and read about all of the complaints regarding sync issues . There are very specific fire wire devices that these devices will work with . If yours is not on the list then you are out of luck . Also , take a look at how the forum moderators answer problem questions . They never give a general idea of how to fix any problems . They request you send the a private e-mail . Do n't know what that means but it is not helpful to you if you need an answer to your problem . I 'm sure this is a good device but almost every post at the Presonus forum is the same . '' Worked well for a while but now will not sync . '' Most common answer is '' Have you checked who makes your fire wire device ? '' and '' You may have a faulty unit . '' Do n't believe me ? I suggest you check the forums yourself . Wish I had .
 For the voiceover artist , one of the problems is popping our `` p 's , '' so we try every type of wind screen , store bought or hand made , to cut down on the plosives . I thought this screen would be a good idea , but it is metal , and so if you speak into it at just the wrong angle , you get a metallic-sounding recording . It is also dense , so my already very soft voice barely moves the meter when I speak through it . So my $ 30 piece of equipment is bent back from the microphone , still attached , but never to be used again . I think you 'd do better to put a heavy cotton sock over your microphone .
 While it 's nice to have a couple pockets , this bag is too soft and loose for the Casio WK keyboards . The board shifts around in it making it difficult to carry . The Gator 88 economy case -LRB- http://www.amazon.com/Gator-Cases-Economy-Keyboard-Black/dp/B001ECQPWK/ref=sr_1_3?s=musical-instruments&ie;=UTF8&qid;=1333939355&sr;=1-3 -RRB- is MUCH better , and if you search around you can get it for the same price or better than this one . The Gator case does n't have pockets , but since it 's for an 88 key keyboard , you get some extra space at one end that can fit a small gig bag . The great part about the Gator case is how tight they keyboard fits . It does n't shift , and I found the keyboard feels 20 pounds lighter because of it!Oh , and do NOT buy the Gator 76 economy case . It 's too small for most 76 key keyboards ... including all of the Casio WKs .
 As my guitarist pointed out it was difficult to grab the slide in the middle of playing , it resting in a tube would be easier to put the finger in to pull out the slide and the picks tend to be the opposite hand as the slide hand so if the slide was on the left , and the picks were on the right it would be a better design.Thanks anyway , not worth returning .
 Problems since the very beginning . . the installation was about 1 hour long because problems with the activation software not mentioned in the product manual , after spent days trying to find how to solve it , i installed the sw , but it could not run because it does not work with my Behringer BCA2000 ASIO driver . . i even tried with an AUDIGY sound card but it did n't work either . . i am totally dissapointed with this program . . i 've installed many music sw in my DAW -LRB- DELL DIMENSION 8600 , XP PRO SP2 , 1GB RAM , PIV 3.0 HT , 1GB RAM , 2 X 80GB SATA HD -RRB- and NEVER , NEVER i had seen something so complicated to start as SEQUEL -- My recommendation
 I purchased a Hercules MK2 DJ Console from guitar center and almost immediately regretted my decision once it arrived in the mail.The console comes with Virtual DJ 3 Console Edition and is a very bare bones software with very few loop options and even fewer effects . The only usable effect it comes with is beat-repeat which quickly becomes annoying if used more than twice.The included manual is almost completely worthless . The PDF files that come with the software are equally vague . You basically have to teach yourself how to use it.The `` turntable '' platters are worthless . If you so much as brush against it , they will affect the song . However , if you try to use it to set an exact cue point , they are very unresponsive . The beat matching works well on songs at similar BPMs but are not entirely accurate when there is more than maybe 10 BPM difference . The next song will play at the same BPM of the song currently playing , which means it will either drastically slow down or speed up in order to match it . Granted an experienced DJ would be able to adjust for such a difference , but a novice would likely train wreck the mix in such a situation . Using the knobs and pitch bend buttons to manually adjust the beats together is painstaking and inaccurate.The software makes things too easy by showing a graphical representation of when the beats hit and what BPM the songs are playing at . There is no skill needed to seamlessly blend 2 similar songs together which makes it perfect for somebody to fool around with at a party . The 3 EQ knobs work effectively and you can blend into your next song blind-folded . You can also easily use the EQ to mix two songs of similar tempo together . The included MP3 's can be played into each other without effort . You can interchange lows , mids and highs of any two songs and sound like Armin Van Burren . It is perfect to create a false sense of talent in the world of DJing.Most of my time spent using this piece of gear was attempting to use the pitch bend and knob to beat match songs together by ear without looking at the display . It was not completely useless in this regard but it did n't have the realistic feel I was hoping for . It was more of a guess and check endeavor . In defense of the console , neither my monitors or headphones are very high quality which made it difficult to make out the variation of beats . However , you could tell when you got it right , which is essential to training yourself to beat match without the aid of a computer.The Hercules Mk2 and VDJ3 tries to do everything for you and takes all the skill and beat matching out of being a DJ . If you just want to blend background music together without anyone noticing and impress drunk college co-eds with your `` skills '' , it is a great little toy . However , you are looking to create your own style and sound , there are far better -LRB- and likely more expensive -RRB- options out there . I plan to immediately sell this toy on ebay .
 I ca n't even download the Dj program , I get an error 16 everytime ... $ 250 , for nothing ...
 i believe they are very good . I was told by a dj friend of mine that it is the better of the midi mixers to use on my coputer programme . that been DJ DECKS . Well worth the small investment.i hope to have my console soon .
 This is simply good amplifier for starting out ... it is well worth the price if you have a hobby of playing the keyboard or guitar and want to see how well you play ...
 One of the leather pieces on the end is hard and lumpy , will scratch the hell out of a nitro finish , so no good for my guitar , very long too , the tweed feels alright , wo n't be keeping it though .
 The Amazon advertisement and purchasing process for these strap -LRB- s -RRB- is VERY misleading and I 'm not happy at all . No where in the description does it say it 's only ONE strap , what actual color you 'll get , that you are able to pick a color during the purchase process . The advertisement photo clearly shows THREE straps . I thought it was a closeout deal and I was getting all three straps . Now I 'm thinking WTF Amazon ?!!!
 I order this harmonica because it is a famous German brand . When I got it I found it 's made in China , same low quality as my other harmonica I purchased in China .
 I will be using the jingles for Praise Dancing . They have a tambourine like sound and beat to them . So using them in music will be fun . The handle makes it esy to grip onto .
 I bought this case for my 4/4 violin . I failed to read that this is for a 1/10th scale violin . It 's even too small for my ukelele . So now I 'm stuck with this micro case and I still need a case for my violin . Very deceiving description .
 I purchases these rails based on the good name of Middle Atlantic , however despite their quality brand I found the rails to be quite lack luster . They appear to have painted the rails black , which is fine , but the paint has found its way into the threads making these rails very difficult to use .
 This bag appeared to fit my daughter 's needs well until she put her guitar in it and the zipper separated .
 I ordered this and several other items around the first of february and received all but this in a timely manner . When I finally went to check on it on feb. 20th the estimated delivery date was changed to late march to the middle of may . This item is not anything important to me but what in the world could possibly cause such a long delay ? If you need an item like this quickly , I would suggest seeing your local music store before buying here .
 So my daughter wanted a pink guitar but I was not able to find one locally in time . Now she says she wants a pink gig bag . Funny , even Daisy Rock does n't have a pink short scale accoustic gig bag . Does anyone know where to find this item ?
 Looks nice but a total piece of junk . I have played guitar for 20 years and wanted to give my 9-year old daughter a good guitar to learn on . She has had one for 2 years that we picked up at a flea market for 15 dollars and I wanted to give her a little better quality guitar now . Let 's just say , she is still playing the guitar from the flea market . This guitar can not be tuned or used for playing . Strings just buzz and the pins that hold the string in place just fly out of the back if you tighten them . Nothing worse than telling your 9-year old that you have to replace her gift because it sucks ! Thanks
 The nut was too low on the guitar causing nothing but BUZZ , BUZZ , BUZZ . This was a Christmas present for my eight-year-old daughter , and I was disappointed for her even though she tried to act like she liked it . The company who makes this thing should do better quality control . Anybody would have known this particular one was no good . In the twelve years I 've been ordering things from Amazon this is my first disappointment . I had good luck with a ukulele I ordered through Amazon but will probably not order instruments online again . By the way , I went to a local music store two days after Christmas and we picked out a great-sounding starter guitar that she loves !
 I agree with Big Daddy 's review . We bought it before then or else we would not have purchased it . In a nutshell , the guitar does not keep its tune . I thought with the other reviews that it was going to be a good quality starter guitar . We gave it to my daughter a year ago and she strummed around on it and had fun but we made sure she treated it with respect . It never sounded particularly good but I am not a musician so what do I know . Now that she is 8 she has a guitar class at school . The music teacher -LRB- who also plays the guitar and is in a band -RRB- commented that he could not tune it properly . It would not keep it in tune past a few strums . He was puzzled so upon his recommendation , I took it to the guitar center store and they said that the guitar has a metal rod in it that typically can be used to counteract the strings and keep the straight and level . In this guitar there is a metal rod , but you ca n't access it to tune it up . So he said it was busted . Now maybe it is just a few of these guitars that are not so great , but he said it was not worth buying another one . He recommended paying more for a better brand that can be tuned and fixed . Hope this helps you in purchasing a guitar . If you do n't need it to take lessons and just want to have a kid guitar to wander around the house , then I would recommend a cheaper brand . If you want to take lessons , this is not the guitar for you either .
 My 6 year old had been asking for her first guitar for a year , and it just HAD to be pink . You 'd think `` Pink Burst '' would be pink , but it was absolutely NOT . The guitar was practically red around the edges , fading to salmony orange through the center of the body . Yuck ! It was nothing at all like the online picture , nor any other online photos of `` pink burst '' guitars I could find . Luckily Sam Ash was happy to take it back and replace it in time for my daughter 's birthday , and we got a true `` bright pink '' guitar . So , I give Sam Ash 5 stars , but this `` pink burst '' colored guitar is a zero - pink is everything to a six year old girl !
 The primary feature distinguishing Jam from Toast or from any of the other vanilla disk burners is its long-standing ability to meld professional split-stereo files into the track list , i.e. a left and right pair of mono files with . L and . R suffixes . This is the main reason that Jam existed , since it otherwise duplicates practically all the features of Toast . Roxio prominently advertises this feature , and provides directions for implementing it in their documentation . It simply does not work . I now see from a previous message posted here and dated last March that this is not an isolated incident . It is clear that for at least 9 months after this gentleman 's review was posted that Roxio has not corrected the problem , nor corrected their claims for the product , nor have they posted any warnings on their site indicating that this key feature is not yet implemented . Instead they lead customers into purchasing the software on the basis of this feature , with total disregard for the responsibility to provide the actual product they advertise . This is called lying.If it were a matter of a shipment that got out with a small problem that contradicted the manual that would be understandable . But to forgo amending their advertising or website or online manual going on close to a year now is unconscionable . Parlaying misinformation for that long is clearly negligent and deceptive practice.I would recommend against buying this product , sheerly on principle . There are alternatives that do exactly what it does equally well , and these people do n't deserve to be rewarded for bad behaviour . Unfortunately there is no other product that provides this missing feature , at least not in an OS-X compatible version .
 BACKGROUND
 The hinges are on crooked , the foam is leaving a dust all over and inside my harmonicas , very , very dissapointed . Return policy states if I had bought it with a gift card < I can not return it again .
 I bought a case just like this about 10 years ago and loved it . I still have it . It still looks great , is tough , works very well , stayed closed , felt sturdy . The case I just purchased is no comparison to the older one . I wanted one to re design for my chromatics that matched my old case . Actually , I thought of sending it back . The hinges are crooked , made of much lighter tin like metal . Pins are loose and already bent . The aluminum trim on the lids do not seem to align with each other . I 'm going to take it apart , replace the latches , maybe change the hinges . This one is made in China . Maybe that 's the problem ? It 's too sad that one has to repair a brand new case . But I want one that matches . Look around at your next gig . Look at the old cases . That 's not what you will get if you order one.On further checking I feel I have to make more comments about the Honer case . As I 've stated above I have an old one and this one . Scratch your nails on the old one . Relatively little felt dust will appear on your nails . Scratch the new one and your fingernails will turn black with felt dust . Where does this dust go ? It goes into your $ 100 , $ 200 , or $ 350 chromatic . Do you know how much it costs to work on your chromatic ? Do n't buy .
 I was so thrilled to get a harmonica case for Christmas . Then I used this darn thing . Little bits of foam get caught up in the harps from the lining . Bad enough that I have to spit them out , but they mess up the notes as well . And mine was made in China . Do n't buy it
 Very poor and cheap product . Within the first day after I recieved this case one of the buckles broke and it would never close right from the time I got it ... hohner has very nice harps , but this product is not worth the money
 Exactly . . It looks great in the picture , but the one that got home was badly made . . the hinge was badly placed wich makes the case not to fit well and one of the buckles has a problem too
 I never received this item that I ordered/purchased on 8/27/10 . I purchased it with an Amazon gift card that was purchased on line for my birthday .
 It was unwieldy . Every time I tried to write on it , it toppled over . Also , I was given GREEN dry-erase pens . Black would have been more visible to my students . Sorry . I did n't like it much .
 If you keep your music in a heavier book , this stand will not be able to support it . The middle peice is not something that you can tighten . If it were the stand will be fine . It 's hard to explain . But you will probably buy this stand anyway because of the hercules name brand , and then you will see what I am saying . And you will come back to this review and say , `` why did n't I listen to that dude ? ''
 These are advertised by JBL as an `` instant solution '' for surround sound monitoring in a project studio environment , so I bought 3 of these , 2 LSR4328p 's , and the LSR4312SP subwoofer . They are powered monitors and can be linked and controlled by one remote , which would allow me to do without a power amp -LRB- cool ! -RRB- . Each speaker has an analog input , an AES/BEU digital input , and a s/pdif digital input which can be daisy chained from one speaker to the next . This was great , I thought , as I could take my digital spdif surround signal from my PC and route it straight into the speakers . There are dip switches on the back of each one where you can tell it to be the left , right , Ls , Rs , or Center channel.After a week researching , buying , and climbing in my attic stringing spdif and analog cables , I hooked it up and tried watching a DVD . To my horror , the speakers were only producing stereo , with duplicated L/R signal in the surrounds and combined in the center.Turns out the spdif is STEREO ONLY -LRB- IEC 60958 -RRB- not IEC 61937 , which is used to carry compressed signals like Dolby Digital , DTS , etc. . Turns out you need THREE PAIRS of spdif outputs if you want 6 spdif signals . And no sound card or DAC that you will find here on Amazon has more than ONE.I referred my JBL contact to the wiring diagram in the manual for the subwoofer which shows a workstation with three spdif outputs . I asked what it was . He said `` That 's a Pro-Tools HD computer . '' Those cost $ 10k for the base unit and even the $ 2500 Digidesign 192 Digital interface only has ONE spdif output . The hypothetical DAW in the diagram does not exist . FRAUD !!!!! Later , I was referred to a couple of sound cards by Lynx , one costing $ 700 , the other over $ 1000 that would output 8 channels of AES/BEU ... not spdif , which means I would have to totally rewire the speakers . More expense , back to the attic ... a toasty 115 degrees here in Texas.The only way to use these for surround without spending that kind of money is to use them with a 6X6 -LRB- or greater -RRB- digital interface , producing six analog outputs which you can either plug into your board , eating all your inputs and outputs , or go straight from the interface to the speakers , monopolizing the analog inputs of the speakers . And that 's just for audio production . God help you if you want to hear surround sound while watching a DVD . Who knows if you could actually tell the DVD software to use these six outputs . And when the boys come over to play , rewire using the mixer outputs . Head ... hurts ... If you just need a PAIR of powered monitors these are fine . But unless you have tens of thousands of dollars of Pro Tools equipment , do n't believe JBL 's lies . These are an expensive nightmare to run for surround . Their answer to me when I complained ? `` You do n't like 'em ? Dump 'em . '' The guy took every opportunity to tell me how these were meant for `` professional '' applications and that I needed to spend more money . I finally got tired of being condescended to and belittled and gave up . Analog it is for me and my pathetic little project studio -LRB- i7 based computer , 20 channel firewire Helix board , Sennheiser mics , Roland drums , Martin , Gibson , Ric , and Fender guitars , Boss GT-10 , etc etc etc. -RRB- Funny how their advertising specifically targets project studios , but only ones with $ 15,000 Pro Tools systems -RRB- So to get over my new inferiority complex about my pathetic studio , I am going to buy some Genelec monitors and dump this poorly made , low rent JBL crud forever -LRB- after being a loyal , exclusive customer for 20 years . -RRB- Did I mention that two of the monitors had defects right out of the box severe enough to warrant being returned and replaced?So JBL , sorry I was stupid about spdif , but if all your advertising specifically talks about surround sound , make sure the flavor of spdif you are using is the kind used with surround sound . Duh .
 The card worked ok . some times gets sound click when play or edit sound track.Cons
 When ordering this item i did expect it to be cheaply made to an extent , due to the low price , but i had never imagined to this poorness . The strings need to be replaced , they are very poorly put on to begin with , and are not the best quality anyways . I also had an issue with the plastic string pegs not staying as tightly as i set them at . They would slip loose while not even playing it . Also the wooden bridge it came with needed to be filed to the right shape . Overall i was very disappointed with this product .
 We still have not been able to get the bridge on it for my daughter to play it very frustrating .
 Nothing was put together and one string was broken , also the chin rest fell off !!!!! Not happy with this product .
 I ca n't complain about the build quality of the instrument considering the price . That being said , I can complain about the fact there was no shoulder rest . In the section about what 's included lists a shoulder rest and I did n't get one.Having a shoulder rest is the most important part of this violin setup , it is impossible to play without a shoulder rest , because of its asymmetry . The right side of the violin is heavier , so it slides off the shoulder . If you are reading this and wondering what 's the big deal about not having a shoulder rest . Let me explain , the shoulder rest is their to transfer the weight of the instrument from the left hand to the shoulder . The left hand needs to be free so it can play notes , the hand ca n't play and support the violin 's weight.Tips if you decide to buy this violin : Purchase a set of better quality strings , the default strings are awful.The pegs are made of some kind of plastic , get rig of them , it 's a nightmare to use them for tuning . Purchase a set of wooden pegs and fine tuners.I purchased this violin thinking it could be used for practice without disturbing my neighbours , my assumption was somewhat correct , it is n't as loud as a classical violin but it still makes a good deal of noise .
 What a waste of money . It was so cheaply constructed . A string snapped as soon as I went to tighten it . There was no sound after all things were plugged in . It came with no directions so we were n't even sure we were doing it right . We ended up sending it back and it took weeks to get our money refunded .
 No amp included as per product description . Pegs missing . Would have returned it if it was possible . Complained to supplier with no response .
 It does not come with any instructions , it looked used . I went to tighten one of the wires and it snapped . I plugged in the headphones after putting the battery in and turning it on and heard nothing . I think it was a waste of money .
 This pad was horrible , and I ended up sending it back . The whole point of a suction-based pad is that it adheres to the drum head , but this one had obviously passed right through manufacture without any quality control ; it was warped and had no suction ! I went down to the local music store and bought a CB pad , which is much superior .
 Very frustrated . I recieved this item and new that it might not be in it 's orriginal packaging , because there was a disclaimer to that fact , and that was ok . I did not expect the item to come broken ! The flute case has been discontinued and my daughter has one that is the same . The bag is great , but the one I ordered came wth a broken closing clip . Kind of an important aspect to the item . It should not have been sold broken . Very disapointed !!!!
 I bought this case about 2 weeks ago because i had a hard case that did n't have a strap and it was hard for me to carry it around school with books in my hand , and when i got it , it looked different than the picture shown here . Maybe its an updated version or something but i definitely did n't like it . It was way to big for me and it was bulky . I can say that it has very good storage , like the front pocket the inside music holder and little compartments but for me , being short as i am and having to carry books and stuff around school was going to be very hard . I do n't really recommend this case for high school students ; maybe for college students .
 NOT WHAT I ORDERED . THIS WAS A CASE COVER FOR A FLUTE . WHAT I TRIED TO ORDER WAS A CASE FOR BOTH THE FLUTE AND PICCOLO . A DOUBLE CASE .
 This case did not fit my Gemeinhardt , and had to be returned . Oddly , the B foot fit fine , but the center section did not .
 We ordered this flute case for our granddaughter . When it was delivered we were very disappointed in the quality of the case and we have returned it . Unfortunately I neglected to read the other review of a previous purchaser - if I had I would n't have bought it .
 This case would be excellent for a student , but if you are looking for a case to hold a professional flute , look elsewhere
 Main body section does not fit - at least 1/2 '' . Also an an older Olds does not fit . Newer Armstrong will fit so I have to believe that the case will only fit newer flutes and not vintage . Also the overall quality - hinges , weight etc are not up to this company 's standards .
 The eq controls are very good and gave me the tone I was looking for . Also it was very quiet.It 's just a shame the LED did n't work to indicate whether it was on or off when you step on the pedal . I had to return it for this reason .
 Was n't expecting much when I ordered this but I definitely got what I payed for . When I first plugged it in I immediately noticed that the 3rd and 4th switches were not working . I also got a lot of pops and hisses from this pedal . Ive since returned it and Im waiting on the replacement . I will write a proper review when I have a product that is actually working .
 I dont know what you guys are talking about . This thing is noisy and it self oscillates at extreme settings . I would try and fix it but the contruction kind of prevents that possibility.Its not worth taking to a tech for a $ 30 pedal . Good for industrial sounds I guess .
 This is a basic EQ pedal , that is a bit noisy in my testing . Even when running on battery power , there is a bit of hiss that is just enough to be annoying in my rig and probably enought to be very annoying in some higher gain rigs .
 Purchased this case for a Buffet student clarinet . While I realize that the instrument should fit snuggly , the case would not close without stressing it . Clasps needed to be forced into alignment to close , hinges looked extremely week and would break with one hard inpact in the band truck . The store was great with the return , so I would purchase from them again ... the case just did not meet any of my expectations and was very cheaply made .
 This clarinet case is a piece of junk . The clarinet will not even fit properly in the case and the hinges are falling apart right after we opened it out of the box .
 A bit small . Was concerned the clarinet is being smashed into the case . In the end it works , but felt it was too expensive for what I got .
 I bought this for my daughters for Xmas because they love to sing and dance in front of a mirror ; and this is one of the few karaoke machines with a video camera . It also supposedly has more wattage than some of the others . THANK GOD I tried it before Xmas after my daughters were in bed . What a dissapointment . The camera/video is unrecognizable -- fuzzy , dark and you can barely tell what you are looking at . Also you can BARELY hear anything through the microphone . Basically this is a not so cheap , poor quality CD player . I am returning it ASAP .
 I wish Santa had checked this before giving it to my daughter Christmas morning . The camera did n't work at all and there were no words ont the monitor . Eventually a few fussy words appeared on part of the screen . Fortunately I purchased the Buyer Protection Plan . The plan works great -LRB- so far -RRB- but I will still be out the cost of the plan -LRB- < $ 10.00 -RRB- and alot of aggravation . My neighbor got a different machine and the stop button did n't work . Maybe the companies that make these machines have a high % of product defectiveness ??? I got a different model -LRB- the orriginal has been discontinued -RRB- and it works fine , better if hooked up to a stero and TV . This one does n't have a camera . I bought the buyer protection plan again - it 's cheep and worth it since the warrenty is so short .
 Less than 3 hours out of the box , it went from working beautifully to having a broken monitor -LRB- it went totally dead -RRB- . Not sure what happened . The product was great fun while it lasted -LRB- 2 hours -RRB- , and even after -LRB- we just hooked it up so that the words showed on the TV -RRB- . I will be returning it , but I am undecided if I want to exchange it for the same one , probably not .
 AFTER WE GOT IT ALL SET UP WE REALIZED ONE OF THE TWO MICROPHONES DID NOT WORK . SO AFTER USING THE OTHER MICROPHONE FOR ABOUT TEN MINUTES IT ALSO STOPPED WORKING . THIS WAS A GIFT THAT WAS VERY WANTED . WE ARE SO SAD THAT WE NOW HAVE TO RETURN IT . WHAT A LET DOWN . MY DAUGHTER IS VERY DISAPOINTED . ALSO THE PICTURE IS REALLY NOT THAT GREAT . ITS VERY LIGHT AND CLOUDY LOOKING . WE DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT . FOR THAT PRICE WE EXPECTED BETTER QUALITY .
 My daughter received this for Christmas . The mike is n't very good , but she did n't seem to mind . The camera worked for three days , then inexplicably stopped and we had to return it . I 'll replace it with a different brand .
 This machine was given to my daughter on Christmas morning . IT WAS BROKEN STRAIGHT OUT OF THE BOX . The CD drive would not even open to allow you to put the CD in to play . The store that I purchased it from was out of stock and would not be receiving anymore , so I called Craig Electronics -LRB- the manufacturer -RRB- . I was told by the telephone representative as well as a supervisor that I would have to pay $ 15.00 to cover shipping and handling to send their broken machine back to them in order to get another one . Evidently Craig Electronics does not completely stand behind this product , since they want the customer to pay to send their broken machine back to them . Unfortunately , due to this extremely negative experience I will be returning it to the store and WILL NOT be purchasing another Craig Electronics product .
 My in-laws purchased this machine for my daughter last Christmas . I read the directions , plugged it into an outlet , then went back to the owner 's manual to continue reading . Within twenty seconds I smelled something awful , looked up , and saw SMOKE billowing out of the top of the machine ! I could not believe my eyes -- I have never had any electronics product do this before in my life . I immediately unplugged it and dashed it outside in case it caught on fire . What a total piece of JUNK ! The unit was powered OFF , not even turned on for the first time ! I am giving it one star because I can not give it 0 or negative stars . This will be my last experience with any smoking Craig product !!
 I ordered these monitors in Sept. 2005 . The ad shows Event 's list price of $ 699/pair . Music 123 's sale price at 57 % off is $ 299 . However after ordering them I received a confirmation for only 1 speaker at $ 299.50 -LRB- only 14 % off list ! -RRB- . After some wrangling with Customer Service -LRB- I had to fax a copy of their ad to them -RRB- they said that Music 123 `` does not sell pairs of Event speakers , only single speakers '' and that the advertised list price and savings were in error . I would have to pay for a second speaker . So I returned the speaker and they paid for the return shipping . I 'm waiting for them to credit my account .
 I have Dynaudio BM15A studio monitors . They weigh 41 pounds which is well under the specified weight limit . My studio control room floor is carpet.The spiked feet OnStage provides for carpeted environments did not install easily and are not long enough to be effective on low pile shag . The lack of solid footing makes the triangular base precarious . The slightest bump into these stands will cause them to topple over under the weight of heavy monitors like the ones I own.They would probably work fine for smaller monitors or on solid floors . In my case , however , they are not working and downright dangerous .
 First of all I have to say that the stands shipped and arrived on time so that was great . Now for the issues . First of all the stands came with no set-up instructions in the box . Second they included several cord management clips made of cheap plastic that appeared to have snapped off the poles . These clips would never have lasted any type of movement during setup let alone being sloshed around in a box . Third the height adjustment mechanisms for the stands were good however when trying to make the necessary adjustments for each stand they were not even . Once the the height was set to say 38 '' on one stand , you could not set the other stand at the same height adjustment because the holes used to stable the poles were drilled incorrectly . I 'm sure I 'm not the only one who noticed this . WTF ... how am I supposed to set-up my studio monitors at ear level if the stands do n't have accurate height adjustments ? Just bad manufacturing is all I can say . And fourth , the carpet screws that were to keep the base of the stands in place could not be screwed into the holes provided -LRB- they did not fit -RRB- . I must say that the actual stands themselves were made of pretty hefty metal so they were difinately solid but once you tried putting all the pieces together that 's when the realization that what you purchased was n't quite right ? I would not recommend these stands to anyone.Update 3/5/12 - I 've had these stands for almost a week and just wanted to give an update . Although I stated that this was the worst purchase I 've ever made on Amazon.com I was able to work with these stands and get them to do what they are supposed to do -LRB- stand there and hold my speakers !! -RRB- which they do ! After making a few adjustments they work fine now . So if you are willing to live with some minor problems with these stands then by all means get them .
 The upper pole and plate are fine , but the base is way way too small . It should be either a standard PA tripod or twice as large and square on the base . For the price I paid , I could have bought two pair of pro tripod stands , two mounts , and bolted a piece of black painted plywood to the top ... and had four stands that worked instead of two that do n't . At the moment I simply took the top pole off and put it on a pair of pro tripods and it 's working fine , but that 's a lot of money for just a pole and a plate . I would only recommend considering this product for very light speakers -LRB- preferrably with a base smaller than 9 '' square -RRB- on very hard floors ... without anyone or anything around that might bump it .
 The Sonstage SMS6000 does NOT come with instructions and in my case one of the screw does not screw into the hole on the bottom after 1 turn . It 's threading is plastic , not metal , so I do n't want to crack it . It has alot of plastic pieces which hold the cables which also came smashed with the unit . With all the great stands out there I ca n't recommend this as it 's tilted with the cables showing .
 While I can not hold Amazon.com responsible , when the box containing the stands arrived , the box was crushed and torn - good thing these stands are made of pretty sturdy metal . What I got
 Studio monitors are usually over 20lbs . Heavier than a frozen turkey . If you did not know , a fall with this weight is enough to break the bones in your foot or do grievous harm to a loved one . You do n't want to live with these stands . I used 28lb JBLs on this stand with carpet spikes leveled out and they wobble at sitting height . It became painfully obvious that these are potentially dangerous . I would not put anything over 8lbs on these to be honest , they are `` rated at 100lb '' but this claim is ridiculous . I have also used Onstage 3-tier keyboard stand and it also wobbled . I will never buy from this company again . I thought I was getting a great product this time , but nothing they make seems good enough . I wasted all of my christmas money . I will caution you again , do n't put anything remotley heavy on these . If you have 6 or 8 inch studio monitors these will not be good for you and could hurt someone . Industrialized garbage .
 All the metal parts of the stand look sturdy , however , one of my stands was not welded correctly made the pole quite crooked.I did n't mind the plastic feet being broken when I got them , but these did n't even perform well as stands .
 This whole page is a mistake . There is only one stand in the box and itis a very cheap lightweight stand.There is NO free drill.Don ' t order this item and expect to get two stands.I have no way to tell amazon that they made a mistake , there is noway to contact them .
 I purchased this product for my bass guitars and found that it was not the right product for me.For the front stand , the distance from the arms -LRB- that support the body -RRB- to the top of the a-frame -LRB- which supports the neck -RRB- is too far . The A Frame leans away from the arms and the arms are pretty long . As a result , both the acoustic and the electric leaned too much for my comfort . Both sat at an angle of about 60 degrees -LRB- relative to the floor -RRB- , instead of the 85 degrees that would be almost perpendicular to the floor . Since they leaned so much , I was concerned that they would lack stability and fall over . The acoustic , because it has no weight in the body , fell once I let go of the neck.The back stand was very narrow both front-to-back and side-to-side . Neither the neck , nor the body had any space between the supports and the guitar . Even the knobs rubbed against the supporting arms . The strings rubbed against the a-frame . It leaned at an acceptable angle , but there was no room for my electric bass guitar.It does not appear to have any adjustments to remedy these issues.I liked the idea of this stand , but the execution did not work for my guitars . I think if the back arms were longer and slightly more apart and the front arms were shorter , that the product might have worked for my equipment . I gave the product an extra star for good workmanship and padding.Acoustic
 I gave this as a gift and ordered it a month early . When we opened it an tried to put the guitars in one of the arms was broken . Amazon would take back since it had been over a month . Had to throw the broken thing away , beware .
 I 've owned a lot of these capos and every single one has broken in less than a year . Good luck collecting on the warranty ... I never gotten my replacements . I moved to using an adjustable capo . Works well while it lasts but its not worth replacing it every three months or so .
 Fine capo , except one huge flaw . The spring used in the capo is insanely strong . Presses the strings all the way to the fretboard , causing the guitar to go far too sharp for my tastes . I like the adjustable shubb better personally , wish I would have gotten that one instead .
 I have used kysers for 10 years and as the years have progressed , I 'm starting to realize the springs on these can lose tension fairly quick . This may be the last kyser I will buy . They will work for some people but I use mine a lot and with taking the capo on and off , the springs wear out.Also , they mess the tuning up on my guitars . I am moving to G7 's for acoustic and Planet Waves for electric .
 The picture shows a straight finish -LRB- appearance -RRB- . They gave me the wavy appearance of the capo . although it does n't matter how it looks like , but i really wanted the ones that looks simple . Definitely , I 'll return this product . This picture should be changed so that no other people are fooled .
 Unsatisfied . I may as well put a bench vise on my guitar neck . It 's huge , not easy to store because of its odd shape and not something I 'm comfortable putting on the guitar I have invested good money and time into . I read this advice in a review and now I leave this advice in a review -- buy a Shubb . They are worth the extra money .
 I have been an Amazon customer since the very beginning and I can truly say this was the worst transaction ever.PRODUCT
 I from venezuela , I went there for vacations and I bought this product but when this arrived and I tried it I realized that one of the mic was damaged , to return this item means I have to pay more money that it cost because it is not tried before be delivered so I do n't recomend this product
 I had trouble with one of the products I bought from this seller , but I never got a reply to my email . BUY IT FROM SOMEONE ELSE !!!!
 These things snap , break and crack like it was their job . I bought two packs of these picks figuring it was a great deal and they 'd last me a bit ... but after playing just two sets I have gone through the first pack of 24 . At this rate , 48 picks wo n't last me a month . In one song alone I broke three picks . I 've never had a problem with thin picks before , and I went back to the old brand with no problems . Caveat emptor .
 Based on previous reviews , I was expecting a decent pick that would have a decent lifespan . Not so ... within an hour , two of my students and i each broke a pick . I thought that the first was a fluke , but when a second student broke hers , I knew that something was up . Then when I broke one , I knew that I 'll be going back to Dunlop Nylons , which I 've never broken . And I was teaching them simple strum patterns on acoustic guitars . Nothing crazy . But I guess it is cheap plastic.I had given out all my other thin nylon picks to various students/friend when I stumbled upon these on Amazon . The price point was perfect , and the reviews were glowing . Unfortunately , I still have 21 of these guys to blow through , but if they 're anything like their predecessors , it should n't take that long .
 These picks are fragile to say the least . They break quickly and without much effort . Buyer beware .
 Like other reviewers , I noticed the smudges left on the page after erasing just once -LRB- I use 2B pencils for light marking -RRB- . I ended up printing some staffs on laser printer quality paper using the same spacing and voila ! Now if the manufacturer was willing to fix this issue by using higher quality paper instead of the cheapest recycled material , I would n't have to go through the trouble . The other alternative is to buy higher quality medium
 The paper is fine , but the spiral binding is of poor quality . The front and back cover of the book fell off in the first five minutes of use .
 Amazon shows 2 cases in the image . You only get one folks ! I guess someone marketed it that way to get a sale from a non-attentive shopper such as myself . This review is solely on the deceptive advertising however to be fair I do think Amazon is the best on the net . Moral - pay attention to scams like this .
 The biggest problem
 I bought this product in March of 2007 and by Dec 2007 I had to send it to the shop for repairs . I was not happy that it cost me 90 dollars because the unit has only a 90 day warranty . What was stated to be a 5 to 10 business day response time -LRB- subject to availability -RRB- turned out to be over a month . It is Jan 2008 and I still do not have my unit nor an estimate when it will be repaired and returned . In my opinion , their tech support stinks , they are unresponsive , and I regret ever purchasing anything from MOTU . I will NOT make that mistake again .
 The support from Motu is quite simply horrible . Returned unit Dec 17th after waiting for a return authorization . Gave them a credit card number for a factory refurbished replacement and now told to wait `` until a unit becomes available '' . Good product but buy two for when one goes bad , or , bettr still got to Presonus , M-audio or Tascam .
 I 'm having a problem with the RECORDING staying on . The Customer support for this product is terrible . In this day and age in my opinion they should have developed and on-line chat support team . However you first have to locate the e-mail , and they do n't make it easy . So far I 'm not please with this product . I 'm still working with customer support to resolve my issues and each time you request information via e-mail you have to wait 24 hours . for your response . This really sucks to be perfectly honest.Acoustica Spin It Again Vinyl RestorationOh , must Iforget the software tells you the label maker is included in this purchase , it pretends its downloading then you find out its not you need to purchase the actual acoustica label maker . This is not a great product . I 'm very disappointed .
 Timothy who reviewed this above must have been paid off lol b/c this is without a doubt the worst product i 've laid my eyes or fingers on in 10 years of playing guitar . What 's wrong with it ? You name it.Its slapped together with glue spots all over it.The fretboard feels really strange and rough , with a super high action.It will NOT stay in tune . I actually prayed for it to stay in tune and I do n't do that often . It actually smells funny , it smells funny!Take your money and burn it , you would actually have more fun doing that than playing this god forsaken thing .
 Esteban guitars are worth only the cardboard that the back of it is made of !!!! , BEWARE !!!
 big fan of the brand but ca n't seem to tune to open E without breaking G -LRB- 3rd string -RRB- all though the strings seem to be designed for a more mellow tune according to the decription from reviews . buyer be beware !
 I have been playing guitar 10 years and mandolin for 5 . In my time playing mandolin I have never settled on a brand of strings that I love . I bought these because of the reputation of Ernie Ball . Boy was I wrong . One of the strings was defective . Two more broke while getting the strings in tune . I 've only had that happen one other time and that was a set of Ernie Ball guitar strings . I 've used dozens of brands of strings but never felt so let down with such low quality as these . My advice go with D'Addario or Martin . I 've used both for mandolin and had no complaints . My complaint is n't as much with the defective string because that happens occasionally . But having two strings break while getting them in tune ? That shows a serious lack of quality .
 I waffled between one and two stars for a while but since an instrument is pretty useless if you ca n't play music on it , ended up with just the one.Context
 I was disappointed in this . The chalkholders are loose and they often twist , the chalk falls out . I will toss this and pick one up at the nearest walk-in store that sells them .
 This is actually NOT a Washburn , it 's a `` LYON by Washburn '' . I bought mine for $ 88 , how could I go wrong ? Let me count the ways .1 . It appears that there are minor flaws in every piece of this guitar . It 's my theory that Washburn sends all their material defects to the Lyon factory in China . Well , maybe not , but it 's this type of product association that can ruin a company 's brand .2 . I 've tweaked every aspect of this guitar ... Replaced the pickups with fat-strats . Dressed the frets . Locked down the cheesy trem . Re-soldered all pots and connectors . All these were necessary , and they all had a positive effect but ... 3 . I 'm not sure what wood they used , but it 's very lightweight . There is no mass density to this instrument , therefore no sustain.This was a good project guitar to figure out how to modify them and work on them . You know , take it apart , put it back together . But as a gigging instrument , it will never , ever do . Unless you 're a guitar-smashing thrash metal wannabe.If you want something cheap for your non-musician kid as a birthday or Christmas present to see if they have any aptitude or desire , then perhaps it 's good for that . If they do like it , they 'll be asking for a real guitar within a year .
 These strings sound okay , so far . They should , being brand new . But they were an enormous hassle to put on the guitar . They are NOT packaged separately ! Instead they are packaged in sets of two
 In terms of sound , these string are nice . Sounded great on my Alvarez Regent.But , in terms of durability , not so great . I know these are extra light strings , but my high E string broke after playing for about an hour . I do n't break strings regularly , so this is pretty annoying .
 ok , so i do n't own a martin , but i do own a 74 ovation 6 string that has served me very well . when it came time toreplace the strings , i happened to be drooling over some very expensive martin guitars and thought while i 'm herei might as well order some strings . they arrived a few days later and i immediately put them on and wasimmediately disappointed at the sound quality . very tinny . ... . i waited a week or so hoping that thingswould change . . they only got worst ... so i went back to amazon and ordered d'addario phosphor bronze .12 -.54 whichwere the oem for ovation and they were great . all that rich tone was back ... a little more expensive but not much ... never thought there could be that much difference in new strings . . valuable lesson
 O STARS . UNLESS YOU ARE AS STRONG AS THE GOVERNOR OF CALIF. . AND ARE VERY HANDY WITH TOOLS , SAVE YOUR MONEY . MINE IS UNASSEMBLED ON THE LIVING ROOM FLOOR WITH BRACKETS AND SCREWS MISSING AND A 100 LB KEYBOARD THAT I CAN NOT LIFT OUT OF THE BOX BUT I DID SEE THERE ARE NO SREWS AND BRACKETS . NOWHERE IN THEIR PRODUCT DESCRIPTION DID THEY EVEN REMOTELY HINT ASSEMBLY REQUIRED .
 we bought two sets of strings . didnt even get either on tunes , every string but one broke . Broke while tuning .
 This Microfone was worst to use and it was very expensive . waste your money to buy it . They used small battery to run , and small batery costly as well . Finally Should not buy this Microphone unless you have extra money to throw away for fun ...
 I really wanted this to work well , as my bass is about the same size and shape as a boat anchor and after a few hours of playing I ca n't feel my entire left arm for like a day and a half . But this product was completely unusable for me . Super uncomfortable and held bass in a really bad position for playing.Just ordered a DARE guitar strap -LRB- Planet Waves DARE guitar strap , Google it -RRB- so I 'm hoping it is better !
 I agree with the review here & one at Factoidz.com
 you get what you pay for . its a strap . it has a locking mechanism -LRB- although not a sturdy one -RRB- . the locks rub the finish of the guitar . not a great strap .
 the first time I used this strap it came off of the guitar . It costs little and is worth less ! Purchase instead a set of real locking nuts along with a nice strap .
 I saw this software in a Mac store and based upon the features listed on the box , I bought it . The limitations for this version of the software are extreme
 Finale -- the maker of this software -- has a free , downloadable notation software program you can download . Their other products , including this one , are all fancier versions . My son wanted a version that was too expensive for us , but had marching band percussion sounds . Then this year MakeMusic added percussion sounds to Finale PrintMusic 2006 . I bought it immediately -LRB- at a university bookstore , actually -RRB- , as it had many amazing features at a good price -LRB- one can input notes through a microphone , by scanning sheet music that the program will then read , by MIDI from a keyboard , etc. -RRB- . But I ca n't get any of those features to work . When I scan in black and white , it says it thinks I scanned in color and it wo n't read it . My son played his trumpet into the microphone , and what showed up onscreen was largely unrelated to what he played . Most frustrating , I ca n't get my keyboard and the software to work together to input notes effectively . I borrowed a different keyboard -- a Yamaha Clavinova -- and it did actually input notes to the software , so I thought maybe my Yamaha PSR keyboard was the problem , although I read that the UNO interface I was using has problems with some Yamaha keyboards . But even though I was able to get notes to the software with the Clavinova instead of the PSR keyboard , the software did n't notate them especially well . Upon switching to a Yamaha MIDI interface , my PSR does enter a note every time I push a key -LRB- instead of once every several seconds -RRB- , but again the software does n't notate it accurately . It has also skipped measures when I input lyrics . I 'm sure others have had great experiences with this software , but I wish I 'd stayed with the free Notepad software and just kludged along .
 I bought one new and the volume pots went bad , and one channel got flaky . I bought one used on eBay , a demo model , and it was just like the one I had , volume pots were bad and a bad channel . I can only conclude that this company uses cheap components . I contacted the company to get some pots -LRB- I can solder -RRB- and they said they are n't available . Luckily , I 've found a used Symetrix 420 that should do the trick . They make good equipment and you can get parts from them if you have a switch go bad or something .
 I used myDenon AHD2000 High Performance Over-Ear Headphonesfor testing this product . My headphones are rated to support 1800MA , and this Amp is rated at 150MA , and , as a reference , an IPOD Classic is not Officially rated , but unofficial testings over the Internet mention that it is more than less 30 to 35MA . The sound theory says that , to hear 3dB louder , you have to double the input power . Thus , this amp will drive 6dB to 7dB louder your headphones , compared to plug them directly to anApple iPod classic 80 GB Black -LRB- 6th Generation -RRB- . It has four independent outputs , thus , 4 persons can hear at their favorite volume the same music.I can say that the amp , `` works '' , so you will hear a little bit louder your headphones , but , if your are an audiophile , the poor quality of the components will make you bypass this amp when experiencing music encoded at high quality -LRB- +224 kbps -RRB- . You can really hear the difference in quality when connecting the headphones direct to the source.It is a good option to see TV at late night and not disturbing your roomates usign your headphones . It is balanced for a price-value ratio.I rated 2 stars because the loss of quality when using it for music.I will save money , and I will purchase a serious thing later , maybe spending more than 500 bucks on the new one , being convinced that a cheap product will not make miracles .
 In fact , this is exactly the same bow marketed by this same vendor as `` String Centre FG '' bow for $ 50 less . FG standing for fiber glass . Now , at $ 28 the String Centre bow is a great deal -LRB- I 've got one -RRB- . But to market the exact same bow for $ 50 more and call it carbon fiber is in my opinion , a major rip-off . I sent it back -LRB- at my expense -RRB- and suffered a $ 4 `` restocking fee '' . Bottom line
 I have ordered these before and they are wonderful for the price and do last a long time considering they are cardboard . These however , did not fit together properly and several ripped as I was putting them together .
 If you 're not into style and good looks , than this music stand is for you ! It 's plain white colored cardboard stand -LRB- makes it easy to damage -RRB- with a musical note cut out in the middle . If you have a table to put it on while playing your instrument you 're good to go . it 's portable and not to mention recyclable!I did n't think it was that high of quality -LRB- which is why it 's $ 1.00 -RRB- and I need something to stand with and I 'm not going to hold the stand up while playing . Sure it 's portable but if you want to take it somewhere like in the park with you it could easily blow away . It 's possible to spill water on it and damage it if it 's cardboard and it might also be bent , torn , or broken easily depending on the thickness or thinness of the cardboard and the description does n't tell how think the carboard is .
 Zero stars is exactly what this cable is worth but unfortunately Amazon makes me give it one star . On paper it sounds great , but the output level is so low that neither my Mac nor my camcorder pick up the sound . I have returned the cable immediately .
 I bought the cable with the intent of using it to hook up a microphone to my camcorder . However , the volume of the audio comes in too low with this cable . I ended up sending it back .
 sitar strings are hard to find so I may have to buy another set shortly . Most of strings worked OK . There 's no guidance in stringing which is extremely complicated with the sympatic strings . No labeling for strings .
 I own a nice Remo djembe and assumed all of their drums were well made . This ocean drum has the decorative `` fabric '' on the back and sides - the fabric is very rough and unpleasant to handle . Additionally , I do n't like the sound of the drum . The `` ocean '' effect is not what I expected , either.I bought this for myself , but the drum is going to be given to my niece and nephew -LRB- 4 and 5 years old -RRB- . They 'll enjoy the pretty fish and banging on the drum with the mallet .
 I played one of these . More accurately , I tried playing one of these . Anyone , regardless their skill level , who sits down to a rubber keyboard can establish their value in a few seconds . This product barely meets the legal definition of `` functional . '' Last time I encountered promising electronics with anticipation , followed by bitter disappointment , was when I bought an Apple Newton . In other words , it 's a terrific concept . But give the technology another decade to mature .
 this is a good case if you like things made out of paper mache . it does work as a case but a very crappy one that is made of paper mache and painted black . did i say that this is a piece of crap case and youre better off spending the extra money for a case with some integrity . dont let the picture fool you this case SUCKS .
 This case is JUNK ! I returned it and purchased a much better lightweight reinforced softshell case with many more features and completely professional construction for a couple of dollars more . AVOID !
 This is a VERY cheap thin cardboard case . It does n't have any cushion inside to keep my banjo from bouncing around . I would not recommend this case .
 The pictured showed two mallets but we only received one . It was a birthday present , so now I have to find other mallets at a music store in the area . Is it so hard to make sure everything is included when packaging ? I was very disappointed with it .
 My husband and I were disappointed with this drum . We wanted to get a nice floor drum for my young niece , but this drum had a very pronounced and negative high-pitched , ringing overtone . My husband -LRB- who happens to be a Juilliard trained percussionist -RRB- tried to mute the overtone it by taping a small amount of foam to one corner , but we could not get rid of it , and the ringing sound was pretty annoying . Otherwise , the drum is very well made and sturdy -LRB- we own several other Remo drums -RRB- . We later returned this drum and ordered the larger 22 '' x 8 '' Remo Gathering Drum which due to the larger drum head , had a lower , warmer , and more pleasant tone . We realize this is for a toddler , but why not start them off hearing a rich , resonant drum that they can enjoy for years to come , and one which wo n't give the parents a headache . I would recommend splurging and getting the larger -LRB- wider -RRB- drum instead .
 Our drum arrived missing the 2 mallets that come with it . Would have been no problem as we have mallets from a different drum . This thing sounds terrible with a ringing sound that is just too much . This was returned to AMAZON immediately for missing parts and poor quality .
 I thought this was a great idea , and it was something I had thought of many times over the course of my 20 + years as a drummer ; I sometimes found myself looking for a flashlight at gigs when I dropped a felt , an earplug , a washer , or whatever , and I eventually put an LED flashlight in my stick bag . It 's always nice to have less things to carry around and lose , so multiple tools in one housing is an excellent idea , provided that all the tools function well . This is unfortunately not the case with the Evans Compact LED Drum Key.Testing the LED function out at the store was not encouraging ; 3 out of 4 keys I tried were completely dead , and the fourth revealed the LED light to be orange . Orange would n't be my first choice for finding things in the dark , as white would certainly be more illuminating ; white light contains multiple wavelengths of light , thus reflecting off a wider variety of surfaces . I bit the bullet anyway and purchased this item , as I thought that maybe the battery on this one needed to be changed like the rest of them . After a small discount for a suspect power supply , I took the key home , changed the battery , and was completely underwhelmed by the lack of illumination provided by the orange LED ; how would I ever find those dropped earplugs with this ? It 's dim illumination was just as it was off the store shelf.The actual drum-key is slightly more functional ; it folds conveniently , so if I chose to put it on my keychain -- replacing the leather frog which currently holds my regular drum key -- it would n't take up any additional space . It also has a quick-release button , which is great for when you do n't want your whole keychain banging around while you make those last-minute minor adjustments . When unfolded , the drum-key itself does not sit ninety-degrees to the enclosure , which makes tuning a little different , but is n't really a big deal . The integrity of the key is a little suspect , if not by virtue of the design alone , but due to the big , red lettering on the back of the package which boldly reads
 I bought a pair of these stands before I knew how shoddy hisonic stuff was . If you read reviews for other hisonic products -LRB- like their wireless mics , cheap price , cheaply made -RRB- you 'll know to avoid this speaker stand already . But for everyone else , let me say for the record this stand is very poorly made . The head -LRB- the part the speaker is supposed to sit on -RRB- is rounded off , which makes the speaker wobble - it is impossible to make the speaker face forward , it will only sit pointed slightly up or slightly down . The clamp at the base that keeps the shaft from sliding down is a screw , and it is very hard to screw it in tight enough to support even lightweight speakers.Cheap price , cheaply made . Buy it only if you have a lot of ibuprophen or tylenol on hand , because you WILL get a headache .
 I give a 2 for misinformation , I am just disappointed of the outcome.My husband purchased this tripod so he can use his speakers when he has gigs . the item is n't like what the discription says.they should hold the behringer he also purchased since his small speakers blew . as described , can support up to 150LBs . the diamiter says 1.38 inch ... , not true it is less , 1 inch or 3/4 inch which makes for a very unstable , poorly made , weak stand. , also when the base is adjusted to a specific height and it is secured it doesnt stay . I emailed Seller to see if my husband can get reimbursed . Got a reply and ask to send them back.I am sorry that my husband purchased these .
 I bought this set to finish a guitar that I am building from scratch . At first glance , it looks like a great deal . I ordered this kit and immediately contacted the vendor -LRB- WD Music -RRB- with a question . I asked if the pickguard , trem cover , knobs , etc. were black and if they were not could they sub black . The response I got was that no , they are white and that if I had wanted them black , I should have called in the order and that it was too late now to do anything .5 days later the box arrived at my door . It was very well packed and complete with all the parts described . The pickguard was pre-wired and ready to go . There were not any instruction sheets what-so-ever . I have to say that I was less than pleased with the quality of the items . The tuners are very cheap Kluson Delux machines with plastic knobs . The pickguard is a white-black-white and is of decent quality . Pickups are Kent Armstrong , and the jury 's still out on those . Cord jack and strap buttons are low quality and a dingy satin black finish . The tremolo is also the same dingy satin black and seems to be low to medium quality . The `` extra parts '' are lowest-of-low quality and include 2 screwdrivers a super cheap string winder , strings , polishing cloth and cord.In all , for half the price it would be an ok set , for $ 250 , it 's not .
 I liked that these were wood and I also like that they are small for my little one . However , they hardly make a sound and she really does n't play with them . Instead she uses them to beat on a a drum ... not exactly the purpose of these but at least she will pick them up and use them for something I guess ! =-RRB- She loves to shake all kinds of things , bottles with liquid in them , dried products in boxes , but not these little shakers .
 This item is very small . I thought that is would be a much better quality product . The sound is not loud enough .
 This is a toy , and not even a good one . I do not understand the purpose of this item . The sound is almost inaudible , and it is smaller then I thought it was going to be . I would not recommend it for anyone . I only gave it 2 stars , because it kind of is accurately pictured , so if you really need it , go ahead at your own judgment .
 Sticks are not thick enough to make good tone when hit together.The grooves arent deep enough or spread apart enough to make a good guiro sound .
 i would recommend this to others to buy the tape on the back held pretty well . i only put a 1 star since it didnt fit my picks
 This guitar is decent if you are getting it for a starter/beginner ... experienced players should avoid this guitar . I 've had the more expensive version and got this one afterwards , and there is a dramatic difference in quality/playability . The tone , feel , and quality are just not worth it if you can save a few more hundred dollars for the LTD or Edwards version . Aside from the quality of materials used to make this guitar ... the tone is nothing special especially if you have been playing for a bit ! Save your cash if you are an experienced player ... newbies , HAVE AT IT !
 This is seriously the most poorly thought out and poorly constructed banjo case imaginable.Most annoyingly the clips on the straps are horrible and come off frequently . Literally even walking 5 blocks , the banjo will basically fall off of my back at least two times.Additionally the ring at the top of the bag is ripping through the loop that holds it onto the case.Incredibly , there is no place to put a music book or even a few papers without folding them at least once . This makes no sense.Please do yourself a favor and buy another banjo case .
 I will have to send this back . It did n't say the size in the ad , so one would think that it would be 4/4 size . Apparently not .
 I just received this item . It seems like a decent case , but nowhere on this site does it mention violin size so I assumed it was for an adult 4/4 violin . It is too small for a full size violin . I will be sending it back immediately .
 We were looking for a mic to use for our stage plays and we thought that this could be the solution to our tight budget . The kids have to be very close to the mic for them to be heard . That defeats the purpose of getting these hanging microphones . It was a mistake buying this one , save your money and get something else .
 ** UPDATE - -LRB- 2 STARS -RRB- June 28 , 2011 ** About 3 weeks ago , the nut broke in half where the D string is . I also had to screw the bridge since it is almost popping out . Maybe I got a bad batch but now the guitar is useless . It 's a bad , cheap , and low quality guitar but I did enjoy using it for 2 years . ** OLD REVIEW ** I 've been playing guitar for about 10 years on and off and after looking at the reviews , I decided to buy this one instead of the takamine . The guitar was packed very well inside two boxes and arrived in a week . The reason why I gave this guitar a 4 star rating is that the action is too high and the strings have to be replaced . But after I had the strings replaced and the neck adjusted , it sounds pretty well . You have to play on it everyday though to `` soften '' the strings a little bit . This is my rugged all purpose guitar while I 'm saving money for a Taylor . It 's ok . Ca n't complain for the price I paid for it . And did I mention that it looks very good for a starter guitar . The finish is really attractive .
 This was my first guitar , I bought it over 4 years ago . I had only played minimally before buying this , so I really had nothing to compare it to . I read all the fantastic reviews so I figured it must be a perfect first guitar . I practiced and practiced and learned how to play , I learned how to adjust the truss rod -LRB- seriously needed -RRB- and I purchased a TUSQ saddle and popped it in there , then I sanded the saddle down to correct the action , but it was still off . It came with martin strings , but I changed those out for some elixir nanoweb strings - still hard to play on . I finally realized it was the Nut , which was too high , and I bought a new nut.Once I changed all the pieces it sounded pretty good , it played nicely and it looked cool in black . I did get compliments on it.I then bought a Seagull S6 and found out what a really nice guitar sounds like , as well as playing many of the samples in the store . I figured , for 80 bucks , this was n't a bad deal , and it did get me started playing so I recommended it to many friends and on some forums as a good starter guitar for the cheap price.About a month ago however , I wanted to buy my sister a guitar and I saw the great reviews of the Jasmine s35 by takamine , so I figured I would buy one for her , fix the action , put a new saddle on it , change the nut , change the strings , and the truss rod . The Jasmine cost 70 bucks so it was a little cheaper but it was made by Takamine , and I have played some takamines so I figured it was worth a shot . With the new strings and gear it would run me about 100 . Well the guitar arrived with a fully compensated plastic saddle , in near perfect tune , with the truss rod already adjusted , the right size nut to begin with , and the strings played perfectly . The Jasmine looked amazing and played with more body than this Rogue . I returned the nut and the saddle , and gave my sis the spare strings to use in 6 months.PLEASE DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR YOUR MONEY BUYING THIS GUITAR . For the price , this is n't a bad deal for what you get , but there is at least one MUCH better option that will require little to NO extra work and money -LRB- and its cheaper to begin with ! -RRB- I highly recommend the Jasmine S35 right now as of 12/5/2012 it is 66 bucks on Amazon . If I had started with the Jasmine , I would have progressed much faster as the action is set correctly to begin with and I would n't have wasted so much time working on the Rogue.I am giving this 2 stars which is low , this is not because it is a piece of crap , it is n't ... and compared to many other beginner guitars , this is a HUGE step up , but compared to an equally priced Jasmine S35 , this deserves 2 stars and no more .
 I was n't as impressed as other reviewers . My guitar came neatly packed , looked great , Tuned it up and am experiencing very loud buzzing from the 3rd fret whenever a string is held on the 2nd fret . The buzz is most noticeable on the D string . I do n't know if this is an easy repair or not , however , I 'll still have to take it to a shop before it will be playable . Maybe I got a lemon , but never the less I 'm disappointed .
 PLEASE SAVE YOUR BOX AND INVOICE . If you are going to buy this guitar , make sure it works as soon as you receive it . When I received it , I noticed it did n't sound properly and the strings rattled over the sound of any note . I was away for two months after and when I came back I decided to bring it to the local shop to find out what was wrong with it . He said the neck is bent in the wrong direction and it 's beyond repair . Unfortunately , I did not save the box so I would be charged a 15 % restock fee to ship it back -LRB- keep in mind there is NO way they can resell this , and if they were to try then what does that say about the company ? -RRB- and it 's beyond the 45 day warranty so they will not pay for shipping . If I 'm lucky , I would end up getting $ 20 back for this guitar . Please do yourself a favor and save your money for a real , working guitar . It is not worth the stress , time , and money to send it back.However , they get 1 star for quickly responding and being pleasant through all the complaints . Even if my problem was n't solved .
 I owned 4 of these.I am a professional sound tech and I wanted something to have for bar gigs that was n't expensive and would save me from lugging around a 200 pound amp rack.I wish I went with the non powered version.The plate amps suck . What you do is put a full range single from your mixer and it cuts out the high end and and viola you have bass.So I will now tell my experience . I opened up from the factory one had a shifted magnet and the voice coil was stuck in place . -LRB- no sound -RRB- jbl sent me a new speaker . So I am not complaining about that . Stuff happens.This is where I am upset with the product . I used jbl for 30 years now and ways impressed by their speakers when I plugged these in I did n't get heart stopping bass , I did n't even get clean bass . I got what was seemed a faint fart . I was disappointed but instead of boxing it back up and sending it back I pulled the plate amp off the back and put a new plate no amp . I hooked this up to a behringer ep4000 and was so much more impressed . There lay the jbl quality I come to know and love.I contacted jbl and apparently I was doing things right . And even the tech on the Phone agreed the plate amps suck . So many people complained about the same thing.I tossed the plate amps and run each one passive . And am very happy with the sound.I spent way too much for these.I should have went passive .
 The picture shows white drum sticks -- I received unfinished-brown sticks . . I could 've carved these myself froma tree limb.mis-advertised
 Bought these sticks because I am a big fan of Travis , but after playing only 1 show with them , one of the sticks became warped . It has a slight but significant curve to it now . I was very disappointed with this .
 My 14 year old son loves Mike Portnoy , but these were the 2nd pair of drum sticks within a month . They do n't last . Yes , he loves drumming every day , but they should last longer than not quite a month . We just bought 2 more pair from another company . I 'm hoping these last longer . I would not recommend these sticks .
 Wish I had read some of these reviews . Just purchased this machine from Target on sale for $ 59.99 -LRB- very surprised it is priced so high on Amazon -RRB- . Anyway , got it home and the microphone does n't work at all in either Mic 1 or Mic 2 . A good friend of mine purchased one of these as well and they had to turn the volume up all the way in order to hear their voices over the music . She took hers back and got a Karaoke machine by Memorex.Can ' t recommend this one .
 I bought a STVG Singing Machine and had to return one plus return the replacement . Tried another in -LSB- a local store -RSB- same model , tried it right in store before purchase - It did not work so I would not buy it.Huge quantity of these machines being sold at low prices to -LSB- local stores -RSB- - defective - You can not record your singing with the microphone . I will not buy a Karaoke mach . unless I try it in the store first to confirm that the machine is free of this defect . This same model STVG-500 is being sold for -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- now at -LSB- a local store -RSB- . A month ago at -LSB- another local store -RSB- . This item is made in CHINA.My experience sure does not elicit much confidence in the product . I would not recommend The Singing Machine at any price after what I have experienced . Clerks are unaware of this defect in the stores .
 I bought this for my -LRB- then -RRB- 7-year-old for Christmas last year . She loves to sing and I thought this would be a great & fun way to improve her reading . The machine was fun while it lasted , but within about 6 months the monitor stopped working . Shortly after that , both plastic brackets that hold the microphones were broken off -LRB- first one , then the other -RRB- . Disappointing .
 After 2 months the microphone wires just came out . Purchased a new microphone from Radio Shack , then the mic stop working . The company wants me to pay for shipping to send it to them . This machine is n't worth 100 + dollar . DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME !
 There is hardly any sound at all from the microphone you can not hear the person singing at all , we are taking it back . disapointed because it looks like a really good machine till you try to use it .
 The microphone sound on this machine did not work for me . The mic was only audible when the mic volume was all the way up , and the master volume was also very high . But with the master volume so high , the music was so loud that it drowned out the mic , and it was just too loud in general . I tested the mic in my stereo and it worked fine , so something was wrong with the machine . I called the Singing Machine customer service and I was told that this is a common complaint with this model , and that they did not think that my machine was any different from any other model 500 . I asked if they got similar complaints with any other model , so that I would know which one to exchange this for , and they said this is the only one that seems to have this defect ! I returned mine to Target , and plan to try another model . Do NOT buy this machine !
 My daughter received this machine for her 8th birthday and was thrilled when she opened it . We were extremely disappointed however when she tried it out and with the volume all the way up you could hardly hear her voice . It was a little better if she held the mic directly to her mouth but still it was low.It is an attractive machine with the lyrics displayed nicely on the monitor however if you ca n't hear the person trying to sing then what is the point .
 Tape player did not work at all . Made a nice donation to local thrift shop , but I made sure they knew it did not work properly !
 I was given this Singing Machine/karaoke machine as a gift.The monitor and the sound of the cdg were fine.It 's the microphone that is n't . There is hardly any sound from the mike at all!It did increase when I cupped my hands around themouthpiece , but still not sufficient for a good sound.I tried to plug it in securely until I heard a clickas one reviewer stated , but it still did n't work well.I can hardly hear my voice regardless if the sound is allthe way up or lower.Its too late to return this to the gift giver.I feel this mike problem is a major detriment to it ` susefullness.I will either trash it , or just use it to play CD 's .
 My daugher received this machine for her 6th birthday . She was so excited to use it but we found that unless she was holding the mic directly on her mouth , you could not hear her sing at all . The volume was all the way up and still it was extremely low . The machine itself is very attractive with the lyrics displayed nicely on the screen but if you ca n't hear the person singing . . what 's the point .
 It is not what it says.didnt work both microphones same time . So complicated . I will never recommend to any body
 All of these products -LRB- i.e. Barcus Barry piezo transducer products -RRB- are easily made from components available at electronics supply stores for a fraction of the price.Do a search on `` contact microphone . ''
 All of these products -LRB- i.e. Barcus Barry piezo transducer products -RRB- are easily made from components available at electronics supply stores for a fraction of the price.Do a search on `` contact microphone . ''
 HW Brass cleaning products are the best I have used . They are soft and pull all of the moisture -LRB- and other stuff -RRB- out of my horn . They do not scratch and they have a little springy-ness to them that helps get them through tight turns . However I expected to receive all the parts shown in the photo . Clearly shown are two pull through swabs and a valve brush stick . One swab is for most tubing while the smaller swab is for the narrower lead pipe . The smaller swab is absolutely essential for a cornet and very handy for a trumpet . The set I got did not contain the small swab .
 I tried a pack of these out and have probably put about 20 or so hours on them . I am not going to beat around the bush
 First one had one of the two stereo pins missing . A new one was sent for free , I suppose that would be considered a plus , but the new one arrived with a bent stylus.I never try to leave bad feedback but I would suggest that maybe you pay a little more -LRB- like I will -RRB- and choose a local vendor so you can see what you 're getting .
 I guess for 8 bucks you ca n't expect much . Well that 's certainly true in this case . An absolutely lousy oboe reed and no amount of scraping will make it decent . Bad responsiveness and flat top octave notes . Stay away is all I can say .
 Terrible experience . The original company was out of stock of the item , but oddly , I received an email from another company saying the item `` shipped . '' However , no item ever arrived and I had to send emails to affirm that the item was in fact , never coming . Meanwhile , my customers were out of a tuner . I will not be using this avenue again to order Seiko product .
 I ordered this ocarina as a gift based on the prior reviews . Unfortunately , I was disappointed , as the ocarina could n't even play a note . When blowing into the ocarina , all you hear is air . When holding down a hole , more air . The overall feel of the ocarina felt cheap as well . I guess you get what you pay for .
 its alright but you know , its airy get another one cause its not the one you think it is . it sounds like a fweeeeoooaw when it gets to high notes ... but ... i cant stand it so im getting a clay er wodden one for christmas if not , well then , ugh i dont like it i wish i could sell it but , it has paint marks inside , anyone wan na buy mine huh ? ... please ... if not go ask friends ... cuz yeah ... . it needs a good cleaning ... well the paint is washable any one want mine ! the ocarina of time is better ... but yeah ... good luck ... * sigh * ocarina of time ... fairy ocarina ...
 My son purchased this one because of the picture . He could have purchased from another vendor and payed less for the same piece of crap ... . What a joke . Do n't waste your money ...
 This is the most biggest piece of garbage i have ever owned , the plastic is cheap and it almost impossible to make one good sounding not on thing . i knew it was cheap but wow , if you are wanting a starter ocarina i recommend getting a clay one , they sonund nice . . it may be bulky and u might not be able to carry in your pocket but its worth it
 Bought this case for transporting my keyboard from my house to church and back . Within 3 months , the fabric where the handle and strap are sewn started pulling away from seam along zipper . Took it to an automotive upholstery shop and a luggage repair shop . Both said it could not be repaired b/c it would continue to rip at the same points due to pressure . It 's a bad design . Pass on this bag and invest a bit more in higher quality . Be sure to look for the pressure points and stitching around them .
 Arrived with broken neck . Split just below tuners . Hanging by the strings . I contaced the company . I still have not recieved my replacement and it has been over 30 days .
 I talked to the customer service if I can use this for my yahama guitar brand , they said yes it will work , one i put it on it sound terrible , not matched at all
 The package I received only had 5 of the strings in it . Wo n't be ordering these again .
 I guess you are never safe from counterfeiters . I received a fake mic from MUSIC TOY BOX . I 'm hoping they fix the situation . The microphone was n't even a condenser . Fake packaging , mic clip , even the cable tie was fake . I thought I was safe buying through Amazon . I recommend really checking out the seller in detail before buying from them . Hopefully I will be able to get an authentic Shure Beta87 soon .
 I received my Shure Beta 5a and it was well packed and in first class condition . That was the good news . The bad is that it is a fake . A Chinese knock off . How can I tell ? Not so easy at first but a bit of research and you will know what to look for . These guys are clever so some areas will pass the test but as a whole you will soon realize its a FAKE .1 . The weight - First thing I noticed was that it felt very light . Although this was my first Beta I own several SM58 's and you just know something is not correct when you hold it .2 . Condition - Basically too good for a used mike especially a workhorse like Shure . OK not a sign that its a fake but ... 3 . The Blue ring around the top is just like a rubber band and rolls off easily . Real Beta 's are well fixed in place .4 . Take off the windscreen and you will notice its quite a tight fit and the capsule binds . Not good .5 . Yellow band around cable at bottom of capsule . Not on original .6 . Wiring at capsule on original should be yellow and green not one color as mine is .7 . On top of capsule you will have Sure in raised letters but also in white a set of initials in white , the person who put it together , not on fake .8 . Pins at base gold -LRB- mine are -RRB- letters 1,2 and three on each pin , mine are , Shure below bottom pins , yup have that but then above where metal strip is also a letter , Oops they missed that.This is just a few things I was able to spot . Weight as I said was the first indicator . Box packaging Velcro strip and bag all ok along with guarantee.I contacted the sellers and they replied that they investigated and agreed it was a fake . I would get a full refund . At time of writing waiting on that . I traveled with this mike as an Xmas gift for someone so will return when I get back , full refund first would be a nice gesture . We will see .
 I was very excited about the sound quality of this microphone . Unfortunately , after fewer than a dozen uses , disconnecting the microphone cable resulted in yanking out the bottom connector . This turns out to be a bear of a repair -LRB- soldering small wires on both ends -RRB- . Be sure to check that the set screw on the bottom connector is not turned in too far . I never noticed and ouch !
 Bass arrived as scheduled , but did not work . I felt it was packaged poorly to travel from Texas to New York . The volume and tone knobs were loose as well . I tried to play it through one of my husband 's amps , still no sound . I 'm returning it , but doubt if I will get a replacement . This was very disappointing as it was for my son who is excited about learning to play the bass .
 OMG is the paint bad on this thing it looks like they painted on the stripes with a paintbrush and a can of spraypainthalf of the stripes just stop so half is striped and half is just white and there are drips and over paint
 This is just another example of the junk out there that is so Hyped Up in advertising lingo that it should be against the law to even print it . I have been a Karaoke KJ for over four years and thought from the advertising hoopla given this piece of equipment , it just might make a bit of a difference to some of my '' on the edge '' singers . Well to tell you the truth it makes them sound worse , kind of like they are singing in a barrell . Do n't waste your money on VocoPro 's `` Vocal Enhancer '' , it is just not worth the money .
 It is not much good because the master volumn for music and microphone controller on the top right corner are not working . Controller turn them down or up , but the output volumn are the same .
 I am satisfied with the package but I can not completely lack the tuner and strings . I would like to send them , but I 'm from Costa Rica and direction di is a company that sent emails to Costa Rica , if you send me the missing will charge me and I will not pay 2 times the same .
 I am highly upset I only received the Guitar and the 10-Watt Amp ! Where is the other items I PAID for ????? Items Missing :1 -RRB- 10 ' cable2 -RRB- strap3 -RRB- guitar stand4 -RRB- tuner ,5 -RRB- Fender/GoDpsMusic 12 Pack Pick Sampler Pack and Info sheet -LRB- DPS-FN-SAMPLER -RRB- 6 -RRB- stringsThis is a Christmas gift for my husband , I saved up for 3 weeks to get this guitar for him.This is rediculous . I am a paying customer and in the description it stated I would get these items and I did not !!!!!!! When the items are sent I will change my review .
 the package arrived in good shape and nothing out of place or missing which was goodthe bad thing was that the amp was completely futile ! the minute I hooked up the guitar to the amp and started playing , there was a weird ` pop ' and crackling noises and some smoke or dust coming from the amp . I shrugged it off , thinking it was dust from the long long long journey from the states to asia . the amp started to sound static-y and saw MORE smoke so I freaked and turned it off . I tried turning it back on a few minutes later and no luck , it fried and gave out on me in less than 5 minutes . i guess i should have expected some defects considering the price of it all . even the `` made in china '' tag was typed out as `` china in made ''
 Since day one ... this guitar will not stay in tune . We sent it out for a professional set up ... which you should n't have to do on a beginner guitar , and was told there is no hope for this thing . The frets are sharp , and will slice your fingers . Shame on Fender . I can tell you the next level guitar will not be a Fender-they have no pride in what they sell under their name brand . There are other companies that make a far better starter guitar kit ... stay away from this one .
 ok if you honestly thought you would be able to buy a real fender strat for $ 200 bucks the you were completely wrong . . This guitar is a Squire which is like a cheap brand that Fender own . You can pick up a squire at wallmart or target . A real American made Fender Stratocaster will cost you over a thousand dollars and you will have trouble finding them in most guitar stores . please dont even bother with this thing it is a worthless piece of junk . save up some money if your a beginner buy a samick guitar which is around the same price but is much better . Samick sells guitar parts to companys like gibson and fender and they are great if your a beginner . Anyway the point is this guiat sucks dont get it !
 I PAID OVER $ 30 PLUS SHIPPING FOR THIS GUITAR TAILPIECE AND IT WAS MADE OF SUCH CHEAP METAL THAT IT COULD N'T HOLD UP TO EVEN FOUR STRINGS MUCH LESS SIX . IT BROKE AS I WAS TIGHTENING THE FOURTH STRING . BELIEVE ME I CURSED IT , IT IS CHEAP CRAP AND NOT WORTH THE MONEY .
 Frustration . That is how I would describe the use of this tuner . I am a novice and I find it almost impossible to use . The note indicator lights jump all over the place and I find it very difficult to tune a guitar with it . When I take the tuner out to the piano , the lights lock in on the notes as I play it , but when I try to tune the guitar it seems like it picks up harmonics and wo n't lock in on the notes .
 DO N'T KNOW , I SENT IT TO MY DAUGHTER BY MISTAKE . WHEN I GET IT BACK I 'LL LET YOU KNOW ...
 I 've used Live Wire for years but lately get the feeling their parts are flimsier , their quality control poorer ... I bought two of these and the tips on one fell apart after 3 uses . Because I live outside the US I ca n't take them up on their lifetime replacement offer and I 'm just pissed off ... especially if my only recourse is a WAY TOO EXPENSIVE Monster cable .
 I bought this about 6 months ago expecting a stand alone synth program and was very disappointed . This is only a plug in for a DAW -LRB- even though it says this no where on their website -RRB- . After flailing around on the internet I managed to find a free player and was happy for a while . I recently got my new mac and found out that even though this claims mac compatibility it can not be installed on OSx Lion . The cakewalk boards are full of people asking cakewalk for help and the silence from is deafening.If you have a PC and are using a compatible DAW , go for it . The Sounds are great . If you are using a mac or you don ' tknwo what a DAW is , avoid this like the plague !
 I really hate this controller . It looked like it was going to be a good fit for somethings I wanted to do in Ableton but it never quite worked.The AutoMap will launch in its own window every time anything that supports Midi is started . On my system if I open GarageBand AutoMap will load , and if I close it sometimes GarageBand will crash . I uninstalled AutoMap for a while but the controller became even more useless . Recently I thought I would use it with DMXIS software for managing my DMX lights , it looks similar to a lot of lighting controllers ... but no . DMXIS can use most MIDI interfaces including my Dicer but the Zero SL is unrecognized even with AutoMap reinstalled and updated.Maybe it works better on a PC , maybe it works better with other applications , maybe if I spent a bunch more time trying to configure it I could find a use for it ...
 Yamaha PSR340 61-Note Touch-Sensitive Portable Electronic KeyboardADQUIRI ESTE PEODUCTO POR AMAZON Y SIN DUDA FUE LA MEJOR COMPRA QUE PUDE HACER , EL PRODUCTO LLEGO RAPIDO Y COMO LO DESCRIBIA EL VENDEDOR , MUCHAS GRACIAS POR EL SERVICIO Y COMPREN CON CONFIANZA , BUEN D&Iacute;A ...
 i wish i would have read other one star reviews before purchasing . my computer would not recognize software no matter what i did .
 I was sent a plastic yellow slide whistle . It looks like it is worth 50 cents . I was left with a very unhappy little sister for Christmas .
 Ordered this whistle twice . It looks to be perfect for a small child 's mouth . Received my order from two different Amazon suppliers . Each sent a rectangular whistle keychain . It was suggested I not order a third as there was no guarantee I would receive this whistle . ?!?!?! So guess I would n't recommend .
 I ordered 2 of these whistles for stocking stuffers for Christmas . Like others , I was impressed by the size , design , and quality so I was willing to pay a lot more . However , I ultimately received only one in the mail along with another whistle that was 1 inch long ! It was a key chain whistle . I read the reviews before buying but I thought maybe the vendor just made a mistake . However now that I too experienced this same issue - that many had in the past - it appears this is more then a mistake . Buyers beware !
 Not even what I ordered . This whistle looks and sounds like something you 'd find in a box of Cracker Jack . About 3 inches long and an inch wide with 2 little holes . Really screechy sound . Meant to be a stocking stuffer for Grandson . He 's 4 , and my wife says it 's not worth the hassle to return . Wish I could give the seller a minus 5 stars .
 I ordered 15 of these whistles for my son 's fifth birthday party . Like others , I was impressed by the size , design , and quality of these whistles , so I was willing to pay a lot more to get them . However , when they arrived , I got 9 of the whistles as pictured , and 6 that were a completely different whistle , only about an inch and a half long ! There was no explanation for the switch , and it has left me scrambling to get appropriate matching favors for all of the kids . Amazon gave me a refund for the six wrong ones and told me to reorder , but I was again provided with the six tiny whistles , which are literally nothing like what is pictured . Terrible experience , and still without matching whistles .
 I ordered two of these guitars for my nieces who were going to start guitar lessons in the the new year . My son tried to tune them right out of the box -LRB- he is an adult and plays regularly -RRB- and found the bottom string on both guitars could not be tuned . This is a big disappointment on Christmas Day for two ambitious little girls thinking they were going to learn to play guitar .
 We bought this guitar for our son for Christmas after reading the positive reviews . It 's better than the piece of junk you get from a toy store , but definitely not a real instrument . The strings do not hold tone - our boy still prefers to play with Daddy 's guitars . We kept this one just so the little one can bang it on the floor instead of the real guitars . Quite disappointed , I 'd have to say !
 The finish and construction are quite good ; the guitar is attractive . The tone is pretty good , and it has good volume . However , I do n't think much of it as a musical instrument , because it is difficult to tune , and it fails to hold its tuning very well . The difficulty with tuning is this
 I put these strings on and played the quitar for a total of maybe 30 minutes over a weeks time , and after dropping the G string to an F# then back to G standard tuning , the string broke . I usually end up replacing my strings when the 1st string breaks , because i do often drop it down to D with an open D tuning , but that 's after many many times and I kind of expect it . Not the 3rd string ! This is the second set of Elixir strings that I 've tried , and ordered two new sets because I 'd had good luck with the first , liked the way they sounded and would say that they lasted at least three times longer than most . Disapointed in this case though .
 I bought sets for both my Gibson 6 string and my Martin 12 string acoustic guitars . I am a novice player , mostly strumming for song leading on long weekends . I paid extra to get strings that I thought would last longer -LRB- as the product said it would -RRB- . I put them on my guitar a month before the weekend I would play -LRB- as I have always done with my Martin lights -RRB- so they would be stretched out and ready to play . When I got to my weekend of leading music , I could NOT keep the 12 string tuned ! I got half-way through the first song in my set and I was already out . Forget the capo . Each time I used the capo it was a disaster . the capo somehow sent the small G string into orbit and threw the entire tuning out . Once I had to put the 12 string down in the middle of a set and grab someone else 's guitar to finish out the set . Ca n't wait to get my Martin Lights back on my guitar . Never again !
 Nice sounding strings but they did n't last . Elixir advertises that these strings last 3 to 5 times longer than other strings . They do n't ! Save yourself some money and buy D'addario strings at a fraction of the cost .
 I have used Elixir Nanowebs for a about 5 years now , and decided I would give these new Phosphor Bronze strings a try . I have a Taylor 814CE 30 year anniversary guitar that normally sounds outstanding . However , after I put these strings on I immediately lost the sparkle that Taylor guitars and elixir strings are known for . That sweet sound was missing . In fact it sounded like the strings I put on were old and dead.Then to top it off , after a total of 4 hours play on the new strings the D string broke . I was so disappointed in these strings that I had to log on and write my very first review on Amazon .
 I love elixir ! I absolutly love the sound of these , but they break on me after two sundays of playing . they sound great ! if you like to strum lightly or finger pick you 'll love them ! if you are a slightly aggressive strummer like me you 'll break them .
 Had to have the strings replaced at a local music shop . The guitar needed some bridge work , and the strings snaped
 Read the reviews before making the purchase and was really excited to try these strings . Having played them now for 2 weeks I cant say that I share the majority of opinion on Amazon.Just to clarify , I do think the strings sound really good . They do produce a full and bright sound . I havent had them long enough to talk to the longevity.The drawbacks , as I hear them , is that the high strings play too softly . When playing an E for instance the low strings overpower the high strings . As a result , the warmth is just lost . A lot of low tones come through real loud and the high tones are just kind of audible . There is no control over getting an even sound from all the strings.If you like playing rock and roll and use a lot of major bar chords , these are your strings . But if you enjoy the sound of higher notes filling your chords , these strings just do n't measure up.Even tapping on or pulling off on the high strings , they are barely audible.For $ 13 I cant give these strings more than 2 stars . I will not be winding these on again .
 I just bought the Elixir from amazon and installed into my martin HD-28 guitar.My Elixir first E string was broken in the first week of use . And the treble is too bright and overpower the bass.If you like warm sound , do n't try Elixir .
 This thing worked great . . while it worked . My buddy went through 2 , and I stopped at 1 . they die after about 2 - 3 months . Spend atleast $ 150 on an audio-technica or swing for a seenhieser if you can .
 I have no idea if I 'm happy this item or not !!! I still do n't have this item . And I have no way of finding out if I 'll get this item . It is a christmas gift to my 10 year old . I wish I had never ordered it . Now I do n't know what to do . I certainly can not postpone christmas . I will NEVER order from here again . In case anyone from this company reads this , PLEASE email me . I would cancel if I could .
 This could have been the best software of its type if only it were n't so clunky to use . Plan to spend A TON of time reading the manual just to get started using this product . the controls are definately not user friendly or intuitive . I 've had it for a couple of weeks now and I still ca n't write what I want to write . Pass over this program and spend your money elsewhere untill the programers make this title easier to use .
 The shell of these maracas is too thick and there is not enough volume within the maracas to produce the variety of sounds that I require for my music . Because the shell is so thick , it adds unnecessary weight , which impedes movement for faster tempo music . Furthermore , these maracas have a somewhat dull sound due to the poor quality wood.Look elsewhere for a decent pair of maracas !
 I purchased 4 sets of the maracas and they look nothing like the picture ; which was beautiful . The design , color , and wood are completely different . While I did not select them to use as a musical instrument , but as accents for my catering business , I 'm still debating whether or not to go through the hassle of returning them . I rated them as a 2 only because I just could n't bring myself to give them a 1 due to the very good packaging and quick delivery.This is the first time I have ever been disappointed in selecting anything from Amazon . I agree with another reviewers comment ; `` Look elsewhere for a decent pair of maracas ! ''
 i ordered the drums , and i got a light cover instead . they processed a return about 2 days after it was sent out . and about 2 days after that i got a metal light cover in the mail . i still got my return . they obv are confused how their warehouse works ?
 Acid Pro 4.0 has a lot of functionality and I have enjoyed using what little portions of it I can . However , I give the product 1 star because it does not come with an adequate user 's manual . It has an extremely light weight 10 page `` guide '' that is n't worth the paper it 's written on . There was a guide published but Sony has discontinued it , and I ca n't seem to find one . If you 've already used the program , you 'll be ok . Otherwise , stick with Acid , the non-pro version . Having all the functionality and not being able to harness it stinks . : -LRB-
 I was really let down by this product . My two year old uses it as a sitting bench ... yes , it 's that small ! When she does try to play it she has to sit on her knees and crouch down . It is otherwise really well made and has surprisingly good sound ... if it were double the size I would love it ... as it is , it simply sits in the corner of the room unused .
 First , I have 2 real Problems here ... 1 with Amazon . The 2nd with the Pedal I received.Problem 1 . -RRB- I went LOOKING for a Double Bass Pedal for my son 's drum set . When I came across this one , I wanted to get more info . Because I was distracted , I accidentally clicked on the `` fast order '' bar and immediately received a message `` Thanks for your order , your credit card has been billed and you item will ship immediately ... Have a nice day ! '' . No problem , I thought . I 'll go to Amazon and cancel the order . WRONG !! You ca n't cancel orders listed in `` Amazon Marketplace '' . Amazon is just a front for some fly-by-night outfit . I thought `` OK ... I 'm stuck with it . Maybe it is n't so bad . '' WRONG AGAIN !! Problem 2 . -RRB- The Pedal is JUNK ! . I 'm a Manufacturing R&D ; Engineer of 20 years . I know how things are made and go together . Nothing , ... NOTHING in this pedal says Quality . Quality did n't even slow down here ! The Sheet medal part are miss-drilled , the castings are warped not drilled & tapped true , every bushing had to be re-set by me , because of the piss poor rushed assemble , every screw and bolt was loose -LRB- some were cross threaded -RRB- , the paint was peeling and even the mallet posts did n't have enough thread on them to keep the felt heads and washers from bouncing up and down . I have to get extra washers to keep it from clinking.So , why did n't I send it back ? I did n't catch that it would cost over $ 22.00 to ship it -LRB- most drum houses would ship for free ! -RRB- and it would cost another $ 22.00 to return it . Re-sell it ? I 'm too honest to stick this junk on someone else . Do yourself a favor ... LOOK at a BRAND NAME pedal and CHECK the SHIPPING CHARGE .
 This pedal is total waste of money . I recommend Taye double bass it 's cheap and unbelievably durable !!!! Or some more expensive pedals
 these sub $ 50 rosewood chanters are almost universally poor instruments for learning the Great Highland Pipes . They most certainly are * NOT * the same chanter that 's on a set of pipes . Not even close.First off , if you ca n't spend $ 50-100 for a decent practice chanter , which you will use for years and years , how are you going to spend the $ 1,000-3000 or more for a stand of pipes ? 2nd , the reeds in these things are almost always crap , the holes on the chanter do n't line up with a real chanter , the holes are so small , you can barely feel them which is incredably important for correct and accurate fingering , the scale is not balanced ... in short , I guess they 're better than nothing , but really of novelty quality.Please , if you 're serious about learning the pipes . . first and formost , find an instructor . then make sure the chanter is from a reputable maker & dealer -LRB- makers such as RT Shepherd , Naill , Dunbar , Gibson , Kintail , McCallum ... -RRB- If they do n't put they 're name on it , why should you put your $ $ into it?David Corbett .
 The &#34; medium density &#34; rubber mallets were hard hard hard and the handles were plastic as well . Not at all what I thought I was getting .
 These are plastic , not rubber . You get what you pay for , I guess . Very cheap/poor quality . Should have just forked out the $ 15 to begin with to get a decent pair .
 I purchased Sound Forge 6 on the recommendation of a friend . It seems to work pretty well on XP , no real hassles , did n't need the manual much at all as its pretty intuitive . You can have multiple files in different sampling frequencies open and cut/paste , make modifications like envelope and echo , quick fade out , etc.Its not a full featured effects editor , I ca n't for instance specify a point in the file and say I want this to be at exactly 3.5 seconds in and I do wish it did multi-track so I could more easily line up sounds before merging them together . It also does n't have a very good system for handling sampling frequency changes while cutting and pasting , it does tell you that the 2 files are different but fails to give you a `` make it right '' option , forcing you to cancel , then go figure out what the sample rate on the original was , then switch to the 2nd file , open its sample rate change dialog and type in that number . . Then the bad news happened . It had occasionally asked for registration during startup but all the `` do you want to register '' screen offered if I registered was that they would send me promotional materials , so I passed . Then one day the software informed me that the files -LRB- mp3 -RRB- that I had saved yesterday could no longer be opened until I registered the software ! I think this is a really lousy policy on their part . Plus they admit -LRB- quoted from the privacy policy -RRB- `` Sonic Foundry may from time to time share or provide your identifiable contact information to approved third parties '' and have a big `` Digital Marketing Associates '' logo right on their privacy page . They do offer a `` opt out '' feature but its really hard to find and understand ... being embedded in a generic `` customer service form '' that says `` your message '' and `` Submitting Customer Service request through this form will significantly delay a response . `` While it is not an excessive to require that customers register the software , I feel that Sony Pictures Digital -LRB- which is where you end up when going to Sonic Foundrys privacy page -RRB- should tell them upfront that the software will cripple itself unless they are registered
 It seems to tune in auto mode all 6 classical guitar strings but in manual mode it mis-tuned `` A '' and did not register `` high E '' at all . Even in the auto mode `` A '' was somewhat mis-tuned . Amazon processed the return immediately and did not refund shipping but it was a small amount of less than $ 3 .
 Yes this item did great for the few times I used it . But in about a month 's time , this piece of junk stopped working . Of course , it was after the returnable date . Maybe I received a lemon , but I figured I 'd pass on the warning to you .
 I got this MP guitar player because I 've previously had the CD-GT1 and now the CD-GT2 . While this mp3 player does function somewhat similarly to the CD-GT2 in terms of the slowdown function , I initially found the sound quality to be lacking . There 's something about mp3 files that do not take kindly to being slowed down more than , say , 20 % . mp3 is already a ` lossy ' format , and the sound gets very muddy when slowed down by this machine.I was able to download and play a complete list of songs that I was working on , and it worked just okay at the beginning . However , the unit stopped working altogether . Now it is an expensive paperweight . Of course , this happened not long after the warranty expired.Too bad , because I liked the CD-GT1 and LOVE the CD-GT2 . They are indispensible for slowing down music and looping sections for practicing . I may try the new Tascam GB-10 , as it looks promising and also has the ability to accept files from an SD card . It also records.Overall , I think I 'm going to wait till Tascam comes up with a guitar trainer that easily accepts mp3 files from a variety of data sources like the GB-10 , but has a good variety of variable playback speeds and modes like the CD-GT2 . I notice that this mp3 player has already been replaced in Tascam 's lineup , no doubt because it could be improved upon in many ways . I 'm sure it already has .
 I have used the Tascam CD trainers for many years and I bought one of these MP3 trainers when they came out . I liked using the MP3 files instead of messing with CDs . However , the controls on the MPGT1 were kind or crappy and never work as well as the play , stop , rewind , loop , controls on TASCAM 's CD players . The menu system is awkward and the big bumpy wheel control is just a crappy control .
 Come on people ... . a Epiphone Les Paul Zakk Wylde Bullseye is 600 , and it 's more yellow ... etc , etc. . . PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS GUITAR ! I have reported this seller to amazon!See this video for more info on Fake Epiphones
 I recieved the guitar after waiting over two weeks for it . As soon as I opened the box I knew I had been ripped off . If you do some research you will find that there are several fake Epiphone Zakk Wylde Les Pauls being sold on the internet and it just so happened that I recieved one . The pickups sounded like crap , the volume knobs did n't work properly , there were flaws in the finish and there were several epiphone emblems that gave it away as a fake.I was able to return the guitar for a refund , luckily . I would be very careful about buying another one online , especially at a reduced price and without photos being sent from the person/dealer you are buying it from .
 I have two full-size accordions . I bought a set of these straps and was disappointed because I could n't get them to attach to either accordion . The clips that connect the straps to the accordion are way too big . They are huge , plastic-covered things . I finally got them to attach by filing down the plastic covering on the clips , but they are still very klunky-looking . It 's too bad , because the straps themselves are very nice .
 I am a professional teacher of young children 's string instruments . I ordered this cello because of the information on the web page . It was such a disater when it arrived . I set it up did every thing possible to try to get a decent sound from the small cello . It was comparable to a Walmart toy guitar . The company would not refund all of my money and it was an emotional scene with many nasty e-mails from them . Amazon took good care of me . I would never reconment buying any thing from this company ever !!
 This pedal absolutely kills the tone of the instrument . If you do n't have the threshold turned to max it wo n't kill the hum but if it 's turned to max it kills the tone . I returned it and got the ehx hum debugger instead and it does n't kill the tone . This pedal was a huge let down . I expect more from rocktron because most of their stuff is of quality build but it 's like they quit halfway through with this pedal . I recommend the EHX or the ISP if you want to kill the hum .
 This pedal definitely eliminated the feedback from my single coil pickups but it destroyed the tone of my guitar ... I got to where I only used it when music got soft or I was n't playing for a second . You 're better off just installing noiseless pickups on your guitar if you feel as though you need one of these
 I tried this pedal for a day and sent it back . It was no more effective than a regular noise gate . I have the rack mount version now which is much more flexible and effective at controlling noise .
 i searched many programs , looking for a simple way to capture my own video from vcr , camera or t.v. and then record it back to the vcr or cd . This is n't the program . I searched the manual -LRB- very nice -RRB- but it does n't enabale you to record back to your vcr -- so I am returning it .
 ... then do n't try to use it . I 've been waiting a month for any response from thier technical support . The documentation is hysterically bad . There are sections describing how to use one 's mouse and what `` selecting '' means , and the rest of it is diabolically confused . There 's never any indication of where functions being discussed are found , how to interpret the constantly shifting barrage of hybrid computer hardware/technical recording industry/made-up control name terminology , or ... really , anything . It 's useless . Several of the keyboard commands do n't work , the icons are impossible to interpret , and there 's no way to guess what parts of the intricate interface are active and which are merely display . If you have weeks and weeks of time on end , as I do at the moment , to play with it , and are masochistic , like me , then by all means purchase this product .
 After installing the Magix music studio into our computer we soon wished we never had ! -LRB- pc -RRB- The digital audio recording did n't work well
 Recommendation
 long story short ... I bought this for US$ 400 -LRB- almost -RRB- and after a year is broken . I just put it in the stand and use every now and then , funny thing is that since works with Phantom power is really hard to find some with the necessary equipment to fix it and tested -LRB- they got ta have Phantom Power unit , not many electricians have one -RRB- Good sound tho ... but I expected this to last a little longer .
 These things are absolute junk . Of the four that I purchased here , three of them have shorts . If you wiggle them around just right you get a signal . NOT what you want for recording . There has been no responce from Hosa so far . Save your money !
 I picked one of these up in my search for an affordable compressor . The compressor action itself was quite nice , but the pedal also would sometimes pick up radio stations when engaged . That 's totally unacceptable ! Stay away .
 bugle has wrong pitch . Do not buy this for your son if he wants to be the scout troop bugler
 My music teacher husband could not play this , as hard as he tried . Certainly not an `` instrument '' I would not wish to give my musical grandson . Maybe I will decorate a Christmas wreath with it .
 The description above does not mention the product , `` contains petroleum distillates . '' I personally do n't want to put anything containing petroleum * anything * on my guitars . I returned the product as soon as I saw that warning on the back of the package , without opening it . The instructions state you 're only supposed to use a `` pinhead-size '' drop , which seems to me that if you get this stuff on the varnish , you might harm it . Maybe this product works just fine in lubricating the nut or bridge slots , but I 'd rather not take a chance on the finish getting damaged .
 I 've tried these on several guitars of mine , including a Martin HD28 , a Guild D15 , a Guild JF-30 and a Guild F212XL . Yes , they last a long time , but the new sound ca n't compare with a conventional string . To me they sound moderately fatigued from the beginning , with a loss of sparkle and high end . On the 12 string they were acceptable , but that guitar had an abundance of highs to begin with.If playing amplified with a pickup they sound OK , but otherwise I do n't want an expensive new string that sounds somewhat tired from the beginning . I 'd rather use conventional strings and change them more often than play these . The Cleartone strings to my ear sound much better .
 I purchased Elixir strings after hearing them repeatedly recommended at the music store . Put them on my Eko Ranger XII acoustic 12 string . Have 2 problems with the strings . First , the bass E -LRB- 11th string -RRB- broke while tuning it up . Had to go to music store and buy a single replacement string -LRB- not Elixir -RRB- . I have changed strings many , many times , so I am convinced it was not my stringing , but a weakness in the E string itself . Second , the high D -LRB- 8th string -RRB- seems `` dead '' ; it does not `` ring '' as it should and as the other high strings do -LRB- though none as much as other 12 string sets I 've used -RRB- . Considering these strings cost much more than others , I certainly am disappointed in them . Hardly matters if they last longer if they do n't sound as good .
 First of all , they did n't sound very good . But the real reason for the poor rating is because on of the strings snapped while I was tuning it ... I 'd only had them on for a few weeks .
 At first i was happy with these strings but after only 20 days of use my low E string broke from just messing with the machine head.Now i cant play my guitar for a week . I will never buy these strings again from amazon . Buyer Beware
 Title says it all , kinda pissed off about it but owell , it was only 13 dollars but still 13 dollars wasted instead of being put towards better strings .
 I have only been through four sets of strings , and although I have no doubt that the claims of these guitar strings are indeed long lasting and sounds full these strings make a very ... gnarly kind of sound especially the base strings and they echo this wierd echo . If you like CLEAN sounding guitar strings you may not like these , especially the base strings . These definitely have deep sound but they are not a clean deep sound its like an artificial gnarly folksy sound on the base strings . I bought the strings solely on the good reviews , I 'm surprised there havent been more reviews with a more unbiased point of view . I can only surmise that either people are searching for this strings with this deep sound or they just havent played on many strings.So in short , if you like a clean loud sound you may not like this , if you like a deep folksy tone then these may be good for you . I will upload a video of some guitar using these strings
 My husband is an experienced guitar player on both electric and acoustic guitars . He does not play the acoustic often as the electrics are his preferred guitar . He put these strings on his acoustic guitar when they arrived and the 4th time he picked up the guitar to play it the largest string snapped in half . I am not a guitar player and probably should have let him leave this review as I am not sure of the terms and names of these sort of things . . We can not return the strings for a refund at this point because we no longer have the original receipt and or packing slip.We will not order Elixir strings again .
 Strings feel nice , easy on my fingers which helps a lot since I 'm just starting to play . Sound quality is good , not much more I can say about the sound since I am a beginner and wont pretend to be a guru or anything about that . As for the longevity of the strings , maybe I just got a defective string , but the # 1 string -LRB- high e -RRB- broke rather quickly . The rest of the strings are still fine . I 'm just disappointed that it broke so quickly , it did n't even last as long as my previous strings even though it boasts that it lasts 3x longer .
 First of all , I love these strings . I played on polywebs for a while , and now I 'm using the nanowebs , and I 'll use nothing else.I usually buy them at my local guitar center for about a buck or two more than the price here . These strings arrived already oxidized , like they were years old or had been opened once already and left open to the elements . They had a very dull sound - very uncharacteristic of these strings . Would not order these from Amazon again .
 I ca n't comment on longevity - I doubt I 'll keep them on long enough to find out . I had them in my string box for a while , put them on my Les Paul and have been trying to play them . The slickness I do n't mind . They feel more slippery , fine . On the wound strings , they 're quiet like flatwounds . They look nice . Sound OK , a little different yet good overall . But the plain strings have a sort of polished stainless steel quality to them and seem like a totally different alloy from the customary nickeled steel . My big problem is that these 9s play more like 10s . They do n't bend like 9s . It 's too much work for me , hard on the fingers . There 's also a peculiar unyielding feel at the point of inflection . It 's like reaching for my love 's hand and encountering a mannequin 's . What could be happening ? I checked with a micrometer . The thickness is correct . What if the alloy were heavier ? Then for a given gauge and length , they would require more tension to come up to pitch . It has to be something like that . No lacquer on a plain string could withstand the shearing against the frets . Stainless steel 's density is 8.04 while plain steel 's is 7.85 . That would raise tension from 5.6 to 5.8 kg . They also feel like you 'd think a `` spring steel '' might feel . I do n't believe I 'm imagining it . And I do n't like it.So , if you 're expecting these 9s to bend like 9s , I ca n't recommend them . If you 're looking for the feel of 10s , maybe try the 9s , they may suit you just fine , and last forever . Since they do n't offer a lighter set , I 'm out of luck . They could be harder on your frets , the way stainless wears frets faster , but that 's conjecture . What I do know is that they 're stiff , and I like supple . They do n't deserve a one star , they seem quite well made , but for me they just do n't work , so it 's wasted time and money .
 Strings sound good , but the second string -LRB- B -RRB- simply broke after two days of playing . I have 10 years experience of playing so this is not because of lack of skills .
 At a friend 's suggestion , I purchased a set of these hoping to reduce the number of times I had to replace my strings . The 3rd string -LRB- D-string -RRB- snapped during installation and the string was n't even close to being up to tension.While it would be theoretically great to have a set of strings that would last much longer , paying 3-4 times the going rate for a set of strings that breaks during installation is ridiculous . I contacted Elixir , but never heard a word . So much for their quality control and customer service . Not impressed!I would suggest sticking with more reliable strings -LRB- Martin , ghs , etc. -RRB- .
 I bought 4 to play with on my Roland kit with the TD-8 module , and later tried to utilize them with my SPD-20 . Unless they each have their own stands and are on a concrete floor where no transient vibration is possible , they will false-trigger with every bump , bang and click that occurs within 6 feet of them . You can not adjust their sensitivity to avoid this . I even had a neat idea to use them as faux orchestral chimes , each with their own arm coming off the drum rack . They all triggered constantly , no matter what pad was struck on the drum rack . At least they were inexpensive , so I got my money back out of them on eBay . Neat idea , but the components need to be of far better quality for them to be of any use .
 The sound quality with these are no differant than the d addario . . I would n't sudgest these unless your playing alot of open blue chords . . they have a weak ring out . . especially when you are jammin hard . .
 Putting on these strings was very simple , but two strings broke when I put them on . I went to the store and bought another pack , put them on and within 2 hours of playing I broke another string that was bought from Amazon . I 'm not sure if they were old when they were shipped , but I wo n't buy them again . They sounded good for the two hours they were on .
 I play at least ten hours a week , and typically change strings once a month . They get thoroughly cleaned after each session . Thought I 'd try the Elixir strings -LRB- mediums -RRB- to see if they 'd hold their tone better between changes than what I had been using . The experiment was very disappointing . When new , the tone was n't as full as it was with my regular -LRB- much less expensive -RRB- strings , and what tone there was began to deteriorate in just a few days . In fact , the high E string already displays rust spots . After one week with these overpriced , underperforming strings , I 'm changing back to economical , great sounding D'addario nickel mediums tomorrow .
 I put these strings on my Gretch solid body , 70 's vintage . I love the full and varied sound I can get with this guitar , can play anything with it . I do n't play as much as I used to so I thought I would try the nanoweb coating on some super lights . Hated the sound . Not very full , and this guitar has very rich sound . Almost tinny.I have never had a set of strings that were worse than these in over 40 years of playing .
 I bought a few sets of the elixirs because Suhr uses these as there standard string . These strings took all the fullness and rich tone out of my all mahogany guitar , they provide almost a fake new sounding quality if that makes sense . Even though these strings last longer , I can get pretty much the same amount of life out of a set of D'addarios just by wiping the strings down after playing . Do n't waste your money get some Rotosounds or D'addarios they sound miles better !
 The item shipped in about 5 -6 days -LRB- about normal -RRB- and arrives in a thin cardboard box -LRB- nothing else -RRB- . Nothing unusually good or bad about the product or the service , though I will add a warning to any Rode Classic -LRB- 1 -RRB- owners that this shockmount is definitely not suitable for that original model Classic - despite what Rode themselves might say . I was advised by Rode that I could modify the mount by cutting a hole in the bottom -LRB- this thing is just made of thick plastic -RRB- to pass the cable through , but that in no way makes it useful anyway as the mic is not held in place in the mount . Compared to the mounts from even self-professed low-end companies like MXL , this shock mount is pretty cheap and flimsy looking - of course it may work beautifully with the newer Rode mics for which it was intended ...
 This trigger has a convenient shape to fit into a drum setup to use as electronic wood block or cow bell but it is insensitive compared to my other pads . It requires a much stronger hit to produce a sound . It is also more sensitive at the end of the tube than in the middle so there is not a linear sound reproduction along it 's length . It can be useful in a drum set-up , but you must be aware of it 's sensitivity characteristics when playing it .
 terrible store . i purchased the custom light -LRB- 9-46 -RRB- , they sent the regular light -LRB- 10-46 -RRB- . besides , it took over 9 days to be delivered . terrible experience . luckly , I use this gauge on other guitars . the string tone and durability beyond comparison .
 If anyone is thinking about buying these , DO N'T . Do not waste your money on these strings . If you like to precisely control what you 're playing -LRB- especially if you play Metal -RRB- , do not get these strings . The coating is too slippery and feel uncomfortable . And most importantly !! The tone is NOT bright and the sustain is horrible . They ca n't hold a chord without fading quickly especially if you bend a lot . If you want amazing , well manufactured , loud and controllable strings I suggest checking out GHS Boomers . With GHS you will not be disappointed , unlike Elixir . -LRB- I personally use GHS Boomers TnT -LSB- thin top heavy bottom -RSB- -RRB-
 I bought these strings waiting to have my first own personal electric guitar and the high E string broke before I could even get it to an A noI want new strings but how do I return them ?
 I just got these new strings for my guitar and i was excited because i herd these strings were very good , but i was wrong . When i first put em in each string broke ... BROKE , in HALF before it even got to the standard turning . Ya , before it was even tuned , they were extremely flat when they broke also . waste of money , i do not recommend this product
 I ordered strings with .009 being the least string diameter . They sent strings with .011 smallest diameter . It was not what I orderd . I have electric , acoustic , and bass guitars and would have been happy to order online as the prices were good . However , I will not order online again . Sending packages back is a hassle .
 After all these reviews I expected the Greatest Strings Ever , golden strands of Glory that would last for a year with sparkling tonal perfection!Instead , I got a decent set of .10 's that lasted a whole hour before the D snapped at the neck pickup . I use a PRS with a Wilkinson bridge that rarely breaks strings , and I pre-stretch them gently but completely . Plus I tune down to Eb for vocal and breakage reasons , so I break very few of my normal strings , Slinky .10 's . Ergo , a break in one hour from a thick string under minimal tension , tuned down , is unacceptable , especially when these strings cost three times as much as most all other electric strings.As for the tone , it 's definitely bright and almost too edgy , but nicely zingy all told . Yet one negative I 've noticed after about 8 hours ' loud playing with a drummer is that these things seem to vibrate more widely than most strings , making them harder to tune . Sounds odd , I know , but when I replaced the D with a Slinky D -LRB- replacing singles ai n't cheap either at triple the price , please note -RRB- , I 've since noticed that it tunes faster and in a tighter range than the Elixir strings.So , I must say I 'm summarily unimpressed so far with Elixir electric strings.What 's the good of string lasting a long time if it breaks fast?Especially when it costs three times more?And what 's up with the tuning thing?And why do these cost so much more , anyhow ? Is a micro-thin coating of siliconish stuff really worth two bucks extra each string ? Not when that string is toast in 50 minutes , zero doubt there.Anyhow , I 've got five Elixirs and one Slinky on my main ax now , so as they age I 'll get a good feel for how the Elixirs stay in tune and hold their tone , and I 'll report back here in a while . And by the way , that Slinky D sounds almost exactly the same as the Elixirs , tonally . So much for Magic Elixir Tone.Don ' t get me wrong , I really do want to love these , as I hate changing strings , but geez guys , how about some quality control?If I 'm going to pay triple the price , then is it crazy to expect triple the quality ? Or heck , even just a little better ... PS If you look at the D'Addario reviews -LRB- I love their acoustic strings -RRB- , they respond to many of the reviews and questions . I hope that Elixir will do the same here and address my questions . -LSB- Edit
 Ordered this metronome to replace my older one of same model that I had for 6 years that finally died :-LRB- I love this metronome and would recommend it . In matter of fact I have had 7 friends go out and purchase this exact model!The only COMPLAINT that I have about this product is that I paid for overnight shipping since I needed it for a rehearsal in two days time and it took OVER A WEEK TO ARRIVE . Ca n't believe I paid three times the amount of regular shipping - TOTAL RIP OFF !!!
 This product lasted 14 months for me and had been suitable for my purposes.After 14 months , it just died.The manufacturer has a 2 year warranty and provides no address in the product information ; instead it instructs the buyer to contact the `` dealer . `` Amazon , from whom I bought this product , refers the buyer to the 3rd party seller who only accepts returns for 90 days . Tried `` googling '' this company 's contact information and I got an address in Korea.Metronomes are electronically rather simple and this product should have lasted much longer . This may have been a defective device . However , the product gets one star because of essentially leaving me without a way to use the warranty .
 i recommend all serious players use elixirs ... whats wrong with eaze of play ? this particular set was disappointing tho , i wanted heavier strings for my lower tuned guitar . great stuff but the 3rd string comes coiled like the 4rth 5th and 6th ... usually strings 1 , 2 , and 3 are smooth . . on this one it came wound ... i hope it was manufacturer error , cus i also notice that that particular string is impossible to bend . ive been playing for a decade now , so dnt assume its me . for a full bend i probably get 1/4th a bend ... sounds horrible . this has convinced me to go back to mediums . 11-49 , i have these on my d-e standard tuning guitar , work great .
 These strings are great when you play power chords , but if you want to play a solo or something that requires playing a single note at a time , the rest of the strings will start playing without me touching them . It 's annoying and a tried to fix it by lowering the Gain on my amp , but it did n't work . If you 're a beginner like me -LRB- 2 years playing -RRB- I sugest lighter strings . I love playing metal songs and I guess I thought the heavier the better , but I was wrong . Elixer is a great brand , but I will get lighter strings next time .
 I ordered this cymbal trigger as an expansion for my drum rocker controller for the XBox . It worked perfectly for the first few weeks . It is so much quieter than the cymbals that come with the Ion controller , but after a few weeks the cymbal quit working . I took the trigger mechanism apart and found a wire had come off the sensor . I soldered the wire back on and it worked for two more days , then another solder point came off . After redoing ALL solder points I 'm going to try using it some more . On the other hand I also bought the Ion Cymbal for IED01 and IED04 . It is a little more expensive , but you get what you pay for . I also picked up the 14 inch pintech and it came to me warped . I know it is only a trigger cymbal , but the plastic is so warped it does n't even come close to looking right . If you want a cheap trigger cymbal then pass this one up and go a little more expensive and get the Ion Cymbal .
 These are ok-ish strings , they were very bright and clean sounding at first when I put them on my bassist guitar.I was hyped about the protective coating around the strings , that 's why I bought em . Elixir touts that these strings could last as much as 5 times longer than normal strings , because of this protective coating.The coating started shedding a few days into the second week of VERY light playing . We gig on Friday nights which last for about 45 mins of actual playing , Sundays for a total of 2hrs max play time.For the price I really dont think I 'll be buying another pack since the coating is completely off around the commonly used parts of the fret board and around the pickup areas where you attack the strings.My bassist plays with fingers and picks now and then.Also I was VERY disappointed when I got the product and opened it to only find ONE pack/set of strings . I grabbed the box and had a look to see where on earth I got the notion that I was getting 4 packs/sets of strings . Well have a look at the product image for yourself , it says 4 set , they should really take that off or find another way to phase what they are trying to say . Their intent obviously was to say it 's one pack of strings for your bass that contains strings for a 4 string bass guitar . Marketing is a funny thing huh.Anyways to wrap up I liked the sound of the strings initially -LRB- although there was a coating over it , it did n't ` damp ' the sound as I had suspected -RRB- . For the price and the protective coating shedding issue I wo n't purchase another pack . Too expensive and does n't live up to the hype.I use D'Addario on my electric , I play lead and rhythm . These strings are considered to be in the top 5 list . They are used by a lot of big musicians out there , yet the prices are VERY affordable .
 After putting these string on about 16 days ago and playing maybe around 10 of those 16 days . The G-string broke while trying to tune down a step . EXTREMELY p **** d off and do n't think ill be buying this junk again . Long lasting ? Could have fooled me .
 Ok i bought this thinking it would be good and add a new dimension to my sound ... well it did a very crappy one . . its either on or off theres really no adjustableness to it ... they said its a great tone booster well its not maybe a great humm booster ... so if you play beach boys stuff buy away but if your a real guitar player buy something else ...
 Having played electric guitar almost exclusively for nearly 3 decades , I only recently switched my focus to acoustic . With a new Takamine in hand , I desired a warmer tone than I was getting with the stock strings so I purchased some wood bridge pins -LRB- to replace plastic ones -RRB- and these Elixir coated strings based on the handful of reviews claiming how much of a difference it made.The Verdict . Warmth , maybe . But the sound seems discolored . Less bright and perhaps warmer on the high end , but not as `` bottomy '' or balanced/round on the lower end.But sound aside , I ran into problems when installing these strings as my low E broke at the ball-end after just a few bends and insertion attempts . Never had a low E defect in 30 years of changings strings . High E perhaps , but never low E. Anyway with a few twists and turns , I made a makeshift knot at the end and got the set installed.So for now , I 'm still playing on them . Do n't `` LOVE '' them as far as tone , but I 'll give it a break-in period and revise my rating if somehow my opinion of these `` top of the line '' strings improves enough to overlook the intital defect / poor quality I first experienced .
 I switched over from DR to Elixir and was I disappointed ! These are twice the price and if they do not work for you , you feel really bad . I personally had problems with the high E . It came out really really flat , with or without fretting . The other strings sounded OK . They seemed to have more bass and sounded warmer than the DRs. As a beginner , I am going to stick to the DRs for now .
 I have two Martin dreadnought spruce topped guitars . One was strung with Martin Marquis Custom Lights the other with these Gortex things . Um ... In nearly 30 years of playing I 've never heard strings sound quite this bad . They turned my Martin into something you 'd buy in the toy department of Target . Shrill , lifeless , unbalanced , with dissonant overtones . Truly horrible . I actually wrote to Gore and demanded my money back -LRB- first time I 've ever done anything like that -RRB- . Stick to strings from a music manufacturer not a coat maker.UPDATE
 Elixir sucks ! I do n't know how they got their reputation . they buzz . they break . they do not last . they are house brand guitar strings at best . their fancy packaging and hyped up reviews -LRB- that they probably pay people for -RRB- are not worth it . buy anything else .
 2 weeks after purchase the sensor broke off and i contacted pintech and they refused to warranty item , so I will not purchase this brand in the future .
 The cymbal seems to trigger ok , but I am not at all impressed with how flimsy it is , you can practically bend it in half which gives it an extremely weird feel when playing .
 I got this to fit onto a Nady SCM 960 , b/c I found this for about 10 bucks less than the part from Nady -LRB- I did n't buy this on amazon , and it was cheaper ~ 13USD -RRB- . It fits fine I guess.However , THE THING SMELLS LIKE A VAT OF MELTING PLASTIC !!! Yes , I 've used windscreens before , yes , they can sometimes have a vague smell . This was unbearable though , as inhaling anywhere near it , like you may do sometimes if you are singing or speaking in such a way that pulling your head a foot back would not have the effect you are going for , caused a palpably carcinogenic/chemical flavor to permeate my mouth , nose , lungs , and airway . I could n't actually inhale more than twice without cringing and choking and trying to wet the back of my mouth by swallowing sputum.I give this two stars -LRB- instead of one -RRB- for the following reasons :1 -RRB- some people might not be so sensitive if say they smoke cigarettes like a chimney , which is of course recommended for vocalists if you want your voice to sound like a Mac Truck tire rolling over gravel .2 -RRB- Maybe I just got a BAD ONE ? Who knows , that 's why I 'm reporting this atrocity here , so , if anyone else is out there they can verify or report a different finding .3 -RRB- I have taken the following steps to remedy the situation and feel that after one more time through the washer/dryer -LRB- normally for clothes -RRB- it might be usable : - Let it sit in an area with a lot of air passing around it for more than a couple weeks . + almost no effect.-Let it sit in a sun room with direct sunlight for part of the day for a couple weeks -LRB- this fixes 87 ~ % of the `` plastic '' smell on all but one other product I 've ever purchased and tried this with , and that after only 3-5 days usually ! -RRB- + very minor effect.-Used a hair-dryer -LRB- ~ 1800 Watts -RRB- on all 3 heat settings for multiple minutes . + very , very minor effect ... wait for it....-this morning I ran it through the Washing machine on The heaviest stain cycle , for the longest amount of time , with about twice as much detergent as I would use on a load for the ` small ' load setting , using a Warm -LRB- 100F -RRB- / Cold cycle with 2 rinses , then put it in the dryer for ~ 40mins on HIGH , then another 40mins on Normal . + This has gotten rid of ~ 70 % of the Noxious fumes this thing constantly off-gasses -LRB- without washing -RRB- ... LOL . are you kidding me!As I said before , I 'm going to give it one more time on the settings I just used , and see if I feel more comfortable with this petrol-chemical bomb sold as a microphone windscreen.Just know that , if this thing smells a bit after opening it up , it MAY NOT GO AWAY without washing machines ... I would just send it back if I were you.I know , Rde is supposed to be a really great company and all , but this thing is obviously MADE IN HELL !
 I initially bought the On Stage RS7500 tilt-back stand , but my amp was a little too `` front-heavy '' for it ; it 's not that it was unstable or I was worried that my amp would tip over , but it just did n't `` fit '' it right . No big deal , I sold it locally through CraigsList and ended up buying the On Stage RS7705 stand.The stand was very simple to put together , but the base of the stand was so uneven that when it was fully tilted to one side I could fit my entire pointer finger underneath one of the feet -LRB- even with the rubber padding -RRB- . I know price-wise it did n't cost me an arm and a leg , but it would be nice if they would do a simple QA test to make sure it was level ! I thought maybe it was due to uneven flooring but when I folded it back up it was very obvious just by looking at it that it was n't even . Not the kind of thing I want to keep my Rivera Venus 6 combo amp on.For both of the stands the thickness of the metal did n't impress me much either . Time to try my luck with another manufacturer .
 I bought the stand before my amp arrived in the mail . The stand iswell made and all , but my Fender Mark IV amp is an open backand the stands upper arms do not rest against anything -LRB- hence open back -RRB- and the amp tilts WAY back where thearms are almost resting on the speakers themselves.I threw out the box , and can not not return it now , soI used a piece of wood across the back to the amp tohave it sit better , but now my fender dust cover wontgo on . Oh well , live and learn .
 I bought this for my daughter who has an allergy to Nickel - which most clarinets have in the keys under the silver . This one is supposed to have brass under the silver . I did not let her use this one until a few days before a concert she was having because I wanted the silver keys to be pretty . Well it is a Ab clarinet , not a Bb clarinet . The barrel is too short . I sent the barrel back to the company that shipped it and am waiting for the correct part to ship back to me . My daughter borrowed a barrel and is using the clarinet , so all else works and she is happy with it .
 This is not a kora . A kora is a West African harp made with a gourd base .
 I ca n't say too many good things about these strings . Their tone supposedly lasts longer , but the tone downright sucks to begin with . If you are picky about good tone like me , you will hate these strings . Also , at first they feel EXTREMELY slippery when played - some people may like that but to me it 's unbearable . Then , as they wear down and the coating starts to come off , they start to feel sticky .
 I was extremely disappointed with the C01U . I had read several reviews that suggested it was an excellent buy for the money . Nonsense . I plugged the unit -LRB- with the suggested Mac driver -RRB- into my new powerbook and used both Final Cut Pro and SoundTrack Pro . This is one of the noisest mics I 've ever heard and it 's on-axis and off-axis fidelity is terrible . Only slight changes in direction cause a change in frequency response.If this were n't state property -LRB- purchased by my University -RRB- , I 'd stomp on it and take it out of its misery.Now do n't assume that I 'm an inexperienced audio person who does n't know how to use microphones and computers . This is what I do for a living . I was looking for a simply voice over microphone that I could use when I do field video editing on my laptop . This is not what I was looking for .
 I was excited about this microphone but found that it was not good for my type of podcasting/vodcasting/screen casting . You have to be almost eating the mic to get any sound recorded . Very irritating ! I was under the impression that a condenser mic did not require the proximity of the other types of professional mics but was apparently wrong . The quality is good if you can keep your mouth touching the mic . Also , the support information on the Samson page is not good . You select the type of mic and then it sends you to the users manual ! Weird ... Plug and play , yes , BUT with what quality ? I 've had the same experience with MAC and PC , have adjusted the volume up to the max on both , and am ready to put this one in the drawer . A waste of $ 100 .
 I tried it on a PC -LRB- xp and windows 7 64 and 32 bit -RRB- a Mac and even a linux box with powered hubs on all the different systems and it simply will not do anything . I must not have read the disclaimer about this being a replica of a functional microphone . Not sure how any company can send out things DOA , you would think they could test them or something ! What a hassle and time and money wasted
 My experience was a total nightmare !! First , let me say I was using Windows XP on a newer computer . I was more excited about getting this Microphone than probably the Birth of my 2 kids , thought I finally discovered a cheap answer to avoiding Studio time . I looked at box , awesome , just plug it in and I 'm ready to go , yeah right.I end up trying the software and installing their driver and crashed my computer . Still nothing , the software is NOT user friendly . I have a Masters Degree and could n't figure even how to TRY to record anything with this SONAR LE software . So I end up , using recovery on XP to get computer back to original place , thinking I 'll try it again and believe it or not this time it works , but the sound is just awful ! My $ 5.00 Microphones recorded better . I am considering returning product . I wanted to use Audacity and this Microphone and hoped I would get something at least close to the recording sound of a Studio . I tried switching to Mono as another reviewer suggested . Nothing worked . I do not recommend this Microphone at all !!! Oh and Samson has no tech support , you leave a voicemail and they never return your call .
 I got this mic a few days ago and installed the software that came with it . No matter what I do though I am not able to record anything ... If anybody could help me out I 'd appreciate it
 I could not get this mic to work on my Mac G-5 running all the latest s/w . The Samson driver was buggy and required a `` forced quit . '' Samson customer support was friendly but uninformed about Mac issues . The support person said `` we know about the Mac driver not working right . '' Thier marketing person claims nothing wrong but I strongly disagreed and so returned the Mic and finally got credit back on my credit card . It 's a shame because I really wanted to use this mic to make Podcasts .
 I usually do n't write reviews , but this product is so bad that I really felt that I should warn anyone else who thinks that buying this is a good idea . I really should have just typed in Samson C01U USB Condenser Microphone and saw what the one star ratings said there . If you do n't believe me , you should check it out yourself . Apparently I am not the only one who is disappointed with this Microphone . I did try adjusting the sounds on my computer , but the recording was still very faint . The only way that I could hear anything was to turn the volume all the way up . I looked to the website for the software that was supposed to be used to adjust the microphone but received an Error 404 Page Not Found . And yes , I did visit the Samson website . Apparently I am not the only one who did n't care for the software that was bundled with the product . Yes , I did manage to get it to work and yes I realized that it is an older version of a Cakewalk software . After registering the product I got an e-mail from Cakewalk that told me that I could upgrade to the current version for only $ 59 and of course that was just a limited time offer . The links that I got in the e-mail were for the software upgrade ranged from $ 79 to $ 99 and that I guess I was supposed to feel like this was a good deal . I am not sure why people have rated this product so highly . This product works so poorly that paying any money for it is a bad idea unless you really like throwing money away .
 In summary , the product is a great idea but the implementation is lacking . The specific problems are that 60Hz hum level picks up drastically at higher gains and very poor software . See below for more details.I purchased this microphone recently and I am finding myself VERY unhappy with it . The microphone develops an awful 60Hz hum whenever I boost gain past a certain point.Also , the driver for Windows is , for starters , not signed so I get those annoying warning dialogs on install if I try to use SoftPre . Then , after all the hassle of unplugging ALL my other USB devices and reinstalling SoftPre , the software only occasionally works . Most of the time it starts ok but does not communicate with the microphone at all.All I can say is FYSS -LRB- fix your stupid software -RRB- , Samson ! You should be ashamed to have software that operates so badly with hardware that might otherwise be pretty good . Ca n't you spend a little money to get driver developers that actually know what they 're doing ? One of the primary reasons I bought the mic was because of the low-cut capability and phase inversion , which requires a working SoftPre.If this is beta software , Samson , tell me and I 'll be willing to work with you , but given the fact that SoftPre is version 1.1.0 and has n't been updated since December 12 , 2006 , I 'm not holding my breath . This product is going back to the store for a refund .
 I spent today testing out my mics in preperation of a recording session . Believe me , you do n't want to bother with this mic . Some day last week I tried to use it for its advertised application `` recording on the road '' . I ran it into Audacity , with poor results -LRB- i.e. everything was balanced to the right , and the left was only static -RRB- . Today on the test I ran it into Cubase docked in my home studio . After flipping through pages of manuals and . pdfs I finally got it to work ... with a two second delay ! If it were offered to me for free again and they said I 'd only have to pay shipping , I 'd say no thanks . Not worth it .
 when i received this item , I quickly opened it to test it out . When I connected it to my laptop , my computer said the microphone was malfunctioning . Therefore , I looked on google to see if i could fix the problem , i discovered that my windows 7 laptop did not supply enough power . so now i have to buy a external usb to give it more power but im not so sure because i got it working one time and the mic was either too low or it was just not functioning . so i disconnected it again then reconnected it . my computer again same problem , was unable to pick it up or in other words identify what it was , install the mic for use . so i still have not tested it for quality which is bull .
 `` Samson C01U USB mic records low volume on Vista.This is a known behavior with the Samson Mic and the Vista operating system and is not specific with Camtasia Studio . Be sure to turn your recording volume up and speak directly into the microphone to obtain a good recording level . `` The above is copied from the Camtasia Web site . This is apparently a well known problem with Vista . I 'm encountering it too .
 Do NOT purchase this microphone if you are using Windows Vista . In some cases , the gain is incredibly low , and for some folks -LRB- myself included -RRB- the microphone will pick up only the loudest sound , even with the gain turned up to maximum . Save yourself the hassle and get something else .
 Although this mic has fantastic sound for the price , it is not meant to be used with live based music recording . The latency -LRB- delay -RRB- is very high ! You can expect to hear anywhere from 1-4 seconds of silence before sound acctually goes through your speakers . This is very frustrating when trying to stay on ryhthm.DO NOT buy this mic if you are planning to use it with Ableton Live or similar software !!! It works , but at the expense of annoying delay .
 I purchased this so that I could use my own headphones and a good mic with Skype and MS Onenote -LRB- audio notes -RRB- . Since I use Vista on my laptop , I could not use the software that came with the product . The Vista driver is dated to 2006 so its old . I tried recording audio in Onenote and the mic performed as well as my cheap microphone headset combo , which means that it performed badly . Yes , I did follow Samson 's Vista instructions and it still worked poorly.I also tried installing it on my XP desktop machine and got an error while installing SoftPre software . The error stated that MSVCP71.dll is missing . I did a search and apparently I 'm not the only one that has had this problem . I uninstalled the software and tried testing with the basic XP drivers and it performed badly.I returned this product for a refund and I would not recommend this product to anyone looking for a desktop microphone . Why Scott Hanselman recommends this mic is beyond me .
 Bought C01U and was glad I could send it back after a testing period : Tried it witih Ableton Live on OS X 10.4.7 and a MacBookPro . Sound Quality was okay but either the buffer was too small -LRB- which caused the sound to scratch every few seconds -RRB- or the buffer was too large which ended in a lag causing me to get distracted from my monitor-earphones . I tried for about two hours to find the right balance but it did n't work out . This Microphone might have a nice sound but I ca n'T recommend it for high standard voice recording .
 It 's `` plug-n-play '' if you use Garageband 08 . But it simply does n't work with Logic 8 . The instructions on the samsontech.com site are pre-Leopard and do n't work . Even if you 're running Tiger , their instructions are missing a step . I 've tried everything . It 's useless . If you want to use it in GB 08 , it 's fine . But if you want to do more than beginner 's recording -LRB- like many Mac users -RRB- , do n't buy it . -LSB- ... -RSB- . They got your $ so they do n't care anymore .
 First off , I use Windows XP Service pack 2 on my machine.While Samson gloats that the C01U USB mic is perfect for home computers/podcasting , in reality , it is extremely difficult to get working right . If plugged in without the Softpre utility -LRB- that does not come on the Install CD , making things needlessly more complicated , -RRB- the microphone , even if the computer 's sound settings are cranked up to the max , is uselessly quiet . After I installed the Softpre utility for use , everything seemed to be going fine since you could properly boost the volume of the mic , but prolonged use of it -LRB- Anywhere ranging from three minutes -LRB- ?! -RRB- to an hour -RRB- causes it the sound to come out distorted and fuzzy -- I checked this with several sound-editing programs , from the Sonar LE Digital Audio Workstation that the C01U comes with to plain Sound Recorder.After fighting uninstalling and reinstalling drivers and finding absolutely no sort of tech support at all on the microphone with no avail as an attempt to get it to work properly , I ended up deciding to ship it back and get a refund . I am very unhappy with the purchase , given the standard Samson set for this microphone . Quite contrastingly to how it is gloated about , the mic would only be useful to one highly versed in audio recording , as I could never solve the problem I was having .
 I just received the product and I was bummed that the cakewalk sonar was n't the right one for this mic and it totally looked different . What am I SUPPOSE TO DO NOW ?
 The microphone developed a crackling noise a few months after purchase , and customer service was no help in resolving the issue . They would n't even pick up the phone .
 Experimenting with a PowerMac G5 and a Powerbook . my experience with both the mic and tech support have been unsatisfactory.In every previous instance , when I plugged a mic into a Mac , and it was recognized , the mic was immediately audible through speakers or the headset . Not so with the C01U . It is recognized but produces no sound . The Samson driver software , which is not essential but apparently allows fine-tuning , behaves oddly since it will only show a level when the system Sound preference remains open.The Samson rep , who clearly had limited Mac experience and mostly offered various Windows-oriented speculations , said that since the C01U is a studio mic it will not produce sound until recording . He said you would n't want the mic to pick up sound when you are not recording . Why ? Why should n't the engineer -LRB- computer user -RRB- determine via software when the mic is on or off ? Since the rep was clearly not sure , he alternately suggested that it may be possible to hear mic output before recording with some applications -- none of which he could name -- or that it is necessary to do a test recording and play it back to listen to levels.So , despite Samson 's instruction that when `` setting a good level ... your ear is the most sophisticated and calibrated piece of test gear you have , '' the ear may not hear the mic output so that a satisfying level can be set . The rep 's suggestion that sample recordings be done to establish a level is primitive.The manual says that the mic is `` plug and play , '' and maybe it is in the sense that Windows users understand the term . A Mac user would more likely interpret the phrase to mean that the microphone works immediately upon being plugged into the Mac . And , in my opinion , a mic that `` works perfectly '' produces audible sound . If there are only certain applications with which the mic works , and with limitations , Samson should identify those applications and limitations.I asked the Samson rep if the C01U may simply not be fully compatible with OS 10.4.2 . He said it had been tested , so this was n't possible . But Samson 's tests did n't discover the strange requirement to keep the Sound pref open when viewing the onscreen level , so the tests were apprently not very rigorous.I can think of no logical reason why the mic should n't be genuinely plug and play , and I 'm not about to rely solely on recording samples to set levels , so I 'm returning the product . Maybe when the company gets it right and offers the same plug and play functionality as a $ 10 mic I will give it another try . It would help if they offered support to Mac users by someone sufficiently familiar with Macs , but my impression is that the Mac was an afterthought for Samson.Update
 Looking at the other reviews on Amazon , it seems that there are two distinct camps
 i ordered the wrong item from these guys and its been about two months and i still have n't recieved my exchange yet . i will not purchase from these guys ever again .
 These were a big disappointment considering Stanton 's long history of making cartridges . I bought these to replace my original 680 EL cartridges -LRB- the pre-mounted headshells were of particular interest -RRB- , and after comparing between the new and old , was disappointed at the inability of the Trackmaster 's to reproduce sibilants -LRB- words with S 's , Ch , etc. -RRB- accurately . A few records were completely unplayable due to the distortion in the mid-range areas . Since both of the cartridges exhibited the same behaviour , I have to assume it 's inherent in the cartridge . I 'm back on my old 680 's until something else comes along .
 High G string snapped within 30 minutes of playing . Now I have an 11 string guitar . When you break one out of a twelve set of $ 20.00 strings , you do n't end up with $ 18.32 worth of strings , you end up buying another set . That 's what you should do now ; leave this page and buy another set !!!
 The high G string broke after about 30 days . This happened during tuning . Too late to return so I ` ll probably try another brand
 This is a Marshall stack in a road-proof steel box . All PCD sounds -LRB- Clean , Dirty , Turbo , and Vintage -RRB- are excellent . Cascaded sounds are incredible
 I was highly dissappointed when I ordered two instead of one to save money on shipping . I was charged twice for shipping -LRB- which is three times as much as the product itself -RRB- and they came in the same package about 4 days later than anything else I ordered that day . The product itself works fine however I would either suggest using the large bottle or use a common local product .
 Horrible stand i would not recommend for anyone . Not even a beginner drummer thought it would be a decent temporary replacement but it wasnt . horrible stand .
 We thought this would be a fun noisy toy for our 5 month old . When we got it however we were worried about if a bell came off he could choke on it . We put away until he is older .
 Vic Firth Jazz RakesGreat sound for the music I do -LRB- soft jazzy rock -RRB- ... but very poor contruction . I had a pair for a few months and they are almost gone . The soft rubber where the handle meets the bristles has cracked on both brushes and I 've already lost a few bristles . If you consider that I 've used these brushes sparingly and on congas , bongos and cymbals -LRB- on `` soft '' stuff that is , with no nasty rims to contend with -RRB- , it is obvious that this product needs to be better manufactured . Let me guess ... built in China ?
 What are you doing , taking advice from Netflix ? I bought two boxes at $ 59 bucks each and that was many months ago . I search for more on Tuesday and the price is still $ 59 bucks . Wednesday I go to buy two more boxes and the prices jumps to $ 91 bucks . Today , it 's up to $ 94.99 . First of all , it 's foam . I have always had problems with companies selling this stuff for so much freaking money ! I thought I found someone , `` Music123 '' , that understood this and had a fare price . Guess I was wrong . Let me know when the price of foam comes down in the market place and then we 'll do business , until then you can keep your over priced foam bedding .
 I understand the economy is n't what it was but WOW how do you jump from 60 bucks to $ 110 ??? I bought a few boxes of these luckily before the price hike but I still need a couple more boxes . Well I will just have to make what I have work because no way am I paying close to 100 % increase on the price . Great product in of itself but to jump the price that much is ridiculous . On a side note I did find similar items for $ 75 not $ 59 but better than $ 110 .
 I bought this pedal specifically because it was advertised as having the 15dB pad switch which was available on the older model but I received the newer ` monocle and mustache ' version . This version has a persistent glitchy ticking sound that accompanies each note you play . Not nice .
 I wanted a compressor primarily for bass to take the edge off the occasional excessive transient and smoothen up the tone . Well you should n't expect magic from a compressor , of course , but I was pretty underwhelmed by this one . The effect is very subtle -LRB- or nonexistent -RRB- , then as you turn it up it suddenly kicks in with a rather unpleasant effect . To my ears it works better on guitar , but again I find the compression extremely abrupt when it kicks in and very audible , not in a good way . I was much more pleased with my TC Electronics rack compressor which I put in the effects loop of my bass amp . That has a much more subtle effect + you get a noise gate as well -LRB- and two channels too ! -RRB- and a lot more versatility for pretty much the same price .
 This item itself is a good enough practice amp but I was mislead by the description of it . It said that this amp had bass , trebble and middle controls and it does not have middle controls at all . I would have sent it back but I would have had to pay the shipping both ways I supposed , so I did not return it . I do think that if the description of an item is wrong the buyer should not have to pay any shipping at all . I am not sure how much I will trust the descriptions on here again .
 Save your money !!! Impossible to use . After wasting 4 hours trying to create 1 ringtone , I took the disc and converted it into a coaster . Try something else .
 This program was extremly hard to use ! Even when you could try to figure out a few things , it did not work right!What a terrible buy.SENT IT BACK!Called tech support for help , WHAT A JOKE ! They could care less about anything.I will never buy another product made by this company !!!!!
 The program is somewhat difficult to use and the online tutorials and help does not seem to be up . I believe the product says it will work with all major phones , I have a very popular LG phone and the program will not work with it . I find it very confusing , but am still trying to figure it out .
 Do n't even waste your time . The sound was so quiet , it was unbelievable . And if you boost up the sound , nothing but noise . It looks great , I tried to unscrew it to see if something was going on , it just basically fell a part . Lesson to all reviews , tell the truth because if you purchase something and need a true assessment of the product , what comes around goes around.I 'm taking the loss on this . I do n't want to go through the entire hassle of returning it , all the mumbo jumbo required to get my money back , I just lost .
 This size of this guitar is good for our 2-year old , however the quality of the strings is horrible . You can not get it tuned . The strings will not stay tight and they break very easily .
 This product is absolute junk ! It looks well made and is described as sturdy in the product info and picture . However it is the most poorly made disappointment EVER ! I purchased 2 of these for my boys for xmas , and could n't even give these to my children . The tuners are just for looks evidently because the strings DO N'T STAY TIGHT my husband tried to tune the guitars for the boys and they would not stay tight and ended up breaking . Even worse I was going to send them back but you have to pay the company it comes from to take them back !!!!! I threw them in the trash , -LRB- Austin Bazaar if I could give this item negative stars I most definitely would !!! -RRB- Please do n't waste your money on this item , I 'm sure you will be disappointed too : -LRB-
 I ignored the feedback left for this line of guitars and purchased one for our God-son for his birthday . I opened the box to ensure it was n't damaged and to get it tuned for him before I gave it to him . I could n't tune it as the previous string was out of tune by the time I got done with the next . Then , two strings broke so I replaced them all with Markley 's so at least he 'll be able to strum on it without being injured . This really IS just a toy , at least the description does n't lie . I guess that could be a good thing if you 're not worried about the end user making any music . Next time , I 'll stick with Fender or Yamaha .
 We were really excited to get this but it 's not really playable , as the knobs ca n't tighten down and it wo n't hold a tune . Also the bridge broke off . But My son really liked the pitch pipe that it came with !
 please do n't waste your time or money !!! right off the bat i had to super glue a piece back on . then after stringing it myself -LRB- which a childs guitar should already be strung -RRB- I pulled the string too tight and it broke the whole bottom part off which holds the strings down . NOT WORTH IT !!
 I tried this and ended up returning it . The sound quality was TERRIBLE and our sound editor had to do a lot to try and fix the simple interviews we 've done . Spend $ 30 more to get an Azden and you will get much more value !
 I have the older and now discontinued XDS Plus , which uses the same transmitter as the XDS95 -LRB- so the review is appropriate here -RRB- . I am completely satisfied with its performance . However , the transmitter pack is built like a toy . The battery cover is hard to open , flimsy and I fear I may break it every time I replace the battery ... which must be done at least once per gig because power consumption is high . To keep from going quiet during performance I replace the transmitter battery for every set -LRB- I use Tenergy rechargeables to keep the cost down , and they work fine -RRB- . This need for very frequent battery replacement leads to the big issue ... Rather than using a good battery box , the transmitter uses a garden-variety snap connector -LRB- the kind that snaps onto the end of the 9V battery -RRB- with very thin wires . It works , but was never designed for constant manipulation . Because of this , the wires break very easily ... which happened to me at yesterday 's gig.This unit is perfectly good and I hate chucking equipment that works well , but its delicate nature has me seriously considering an upgrade .
 All the DOD `` genre '' pedals have the same problem
 I bought -LRB- elsewhere -RRB- one of these harps for my daughter , who is now heart-broken . These harps -LRB- imported from Pakistan -RRB- are purely decorative display items , not musical instruments , as their listing in the musical items catergory suggests.The harps are notoriously wrought with problems and most can not be played . They do not hold their tuning and most of the levers buzz/don ' t work . The tension of the strings also can cause the wood to crack or snap.Please , do the right thing and remove the listing from your store.Thank you , Catriona .
 YAMAHA PA-5D POWER ADAPTORI ordered a Yamaha Power Adaptor but received a Chinese copy , not the original Yamaha Adaptor as you show in your web site . Additionally my Credit card was charged twice . I need for your to correct that . I have instructed my credit card company to collect the $ 21.98 extra charge .
 but sent this item back because of the CAPROP65 WARNING emailed to me by Amazon after it shipped ... I suspect I have a lot of CAPROP65 items in my home that I do not know about ... but I do n't need to add another .
 WARNING ! The seller is NOT selling a PA-5D but the PA-150Yamaha PA150MM Keyboard AC Power Adapter . Yamaha says the PA-150 replaced the PA-5D so it should work . However Imagine-This also sells the PA-150 for $ 14.89 so he 's just trying to rip people off . Sleezy way of doing business . I would n't have been quite as disappointed but its cord is shorter than the PA-5D and the price difference . Seller imagine-this did n't refund shipping . The PA-5D however is a good power bar , it served me well for years and many many trips between my house and church before it broke .
 Unfortunately I am unable to review this product since what I received was the Yamaha PA-150 , a product I did n't order ! I am living overseas so it was important to have the PA-5D adapter , which would work with the voltage here . Now I need to connect to a transformer first , bother . As I ordered this for a group of African musicians and not myself it would have really been nice to have the PA-5D . That said , the PA-150 does function with the Yamaha PSR 225 keyboard that it is being used with so that is good . I just hope someone does n't come along and plug it into a 220v socket and burn it up .
 Keyboard has great features but , unfortunately , it is coated with painting that contains lead . Lead is known to cause cancer . This is specified in the user 's manual but not on the box . I think any prospect buyer should be aware of this fact .
 I bought the Axiom just 3 months ago but total times I actually used it is not more than 50 hours ! So it is now not working . Blue screen is lit and blank , computer doesnt detect it . Null and ZOne buttons are also lit in blue color.I checked all possible ways to solve the problem and found suggestions to change caples , USB ports , computer turn on and off pressing + and - , I have DONE all the advices and there is NO result.I contacted M-AUDIO and they advice to return it back to dealer for repairs . Now imagine will I return it to AMAZON which is 10 000 km away from here ????? How you imagine that ? DO I have to order a new mainboard for the keyboard ? It wont be cheap , and chances of it breaking again next day are 50/50 I would say ! I read many such examples on M-Audio forum ! I am very angry and sad ! I am student and not so wealthy to just throw it away and buy a new one . If I had more money would I buy it ? No of course I would rather have ROland Fantom or V-Synth and not a midi controller , of course not M-Audio stuff.SO DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM unless you are sure you can have it repaired easily , which is as I understand well , you have to live in the US . Then also you have to send it and recieve it more times then you may imagine.very very dissapointed and starting keeping money again for a better keyboard !
 I got mine and used it about twenty minutes after getting it . Stuck it in the closet while I set up my studio ... Couple months later pull it out to work on some piano stuff for a covers gig and , lo and behold , the magic blue screen.In the midst of trying to get support on it and it appears to be working . Stinks having to pay UPS to send it to NJ , but that 's cheaper than getting another controller ... I do n't know how widespread it is , but I 've seen cases across the Axiom line . Seems like Avid is doing repairs though.So , other than not working at all , this is a great controller . I 'll follow up once I get to use it for more than Mary Had a Little Lamb on my laptop.Beware
 I ordered this on Amazon and it arrived very quickly . It is a nice looking Chanter , but after doing some research it is probably overpriced for the money . It is comfortable to hold and play , but the sound was never quite right . And then the reed fell apart after only a few days . However , I am in the process of ordering a new reed and I am hoping that , with a higher quality reed , it will play better . Otherwise , I spent 90 bucks on a conversation piece for my coffee table .
 I bought this pedal a couple months ago because my dad fried my Digitech RP350 . I was so excited about this pedal because A , Its a new pedal , B , my friends line 6 amp sounds awesome , C , It was more expensive than the RP350 and it had some good reviews around the internet.Let me tell you now , I would never waste $ 200 on this thing ever again . I played around with it when i got it and was overwhelmed -LRB- not in a bad way , so much stuff !!! -RRB- I started in the `` Back in Black '' setting which is 1A and I was thinking this pedal is awesome . After that i tried to find what I would be using the most
 Generally , if you see Pakistan as the origin of ANY bagpipe-related gear , best to just avoid it . I 've been a piper more than 30 years and have yet to see anything from that part of the world which was not fit only for display over the fireplace -- or kindling in it . A good chanter reed these days will cost about $ 10 US ; there 's no 2 ways around it , and there are any number of reputable piping sources online , all across the US as well as Scotland and Canada . A decent set of pipes will cost in the $ 1000 range , so if you see a set going for 2 or 3 hundred somewhere -- do n't even bother . Even a decent used set is worth in the $ 600 range -- at least . Same with chanters alone -- a good plastic chanter will run about $ 150 , blackwood about $ 100 more than that . So again , if you are seeing pipe chanters selling for $ 50 -- yes , it is too good to be true . You will be buying junk.There are a couple of makers in the US who do medieval style pipes , and they cost about as much as regular highland pipes -- see above.Also , bagpipes can be extraordinarily difficult to learn on your own . I am very leery of `` Teach Yourself the Pipes ! '' kits -- especially those originating from far corners of the world , many of which illegally duplicate copyrighted material from proper tutor books . It is best to find a reputable piper in your area and take personal lessons ; ideally with a band .
 Not really a musical instrument . The head is paper-thin and sounds like , welll , paper . Looks nice though .
 The quality of the leather is really bad and it even had a deep cut , better try with another product
 These are probably the worst picks I 've ever used . I 've always used and loved Ernie Ball 's strings so I figured they would have qaulity picks as well ... WRONG ! I have used all the different gauges they offer and it only takes about 20 minutes or less of intermediate/hard playing for them to start chipping and breaking . They feel very cheap when you hold and strum/pick with them . Tremolo picking will instantly kill them aswell . It also did not help that they have a slick and slippery surface on them either , not a very good feature ! In conclusion stay away from these , get Dunlop or even Fender picks over these things .
 Please do not waste your money on these , you are better off paying a little more to get better quality . These picks are verry flimsy and cheap feeling . When playing with my guitar I actually cracked one . I also got these because of the wide range of color it showed in the picture . When i recieved them i got 3 colors ; yellow , black , and brown/black . The overall product is horrible . However the seller did mail them quickly . :-RRB- only positive thing about this product .
 I know most of you are not going to care about this , but we use guitar picks for jewelry making purposes . I saw this on amazon with the picture showing all the different colors that were supposed to be in the pack , and purchased it . It arrived today and only had the brown marble color and the drab blue color in the pack . If you 're a guitarist , stick to the tortex because they do n't wear out all that quickly and dont chip . If you 're using them for art purposes , try fender or clayton for better , prettier , and most importantly ACTUAL colors .
 This is a Total RIPOFF !! Dont Buy from , doesnt send multi colored like advertized , send black and white ! Will never buy from again !
 Unfortunately they were for a teenaged boy and the only colors in the pack were pink , white and light blue . They were n't too mixed in colors .
 I have been playing guitar for about 4 years and have had experience with many brands from low to high end instruments . When i ordered this guitar i was n't expecting much nor was i surprised when i finally got my hands on it . After months of using this guitar i can say that it is decent at best for the following reasons : - The intonation on every fret is horrible.-It does n't stay in tune well.-Feels like a toy -LRB- Cheaply made but i have seen far worse . -RRB- - Small fretboard -LRB- I do n't say this because i have larger hands but because the high E string tends to slide to the side of the fretboard ALOT when playing -RRB- Overall-Great gift for a kid or someone thats not serious about guitar.-Bad intonation almost makes it unplayable.-Easy to travel with because it is small and lightweight -LRB- You can just whip it out and start jamming -RRB- - Cheaply made-Great bundle -LRB- Comes with everything you need to play -RRB- I am a person that likes to read reviews and research a product before i buy it , but there was little to no information about the quality of this instrument so i understood that i was taking a gamble.An ok guitar but i would n't take it with me to a gig or anything . It would be good for jamming at home but the bad intonation makes playing painful to the ears .
 We bought this for our 8-year-old daughter and within a few days it broke . The construction of this guitar is not strong enough for steel strings . The wood literally broke while the guitar was sitting in its case . We replaced it with a second one -LRB- pink -RRB- and it broke as well just a few months later in exactly the same manner . In our opnion , this is a defective product and the only relief the manufacturer -LRB- Samson Technologies -RRB- will give is to give you another defective guitar .
 This looks like one cool instrument . It 's price is low , so after reading all of the reviews I knew that it would need some work and and I was okay with that . I took it into our local voilin repairman -- an expert at this craft -LRB- 40 years in business -RRB- and sadly he said that this violin was a piece of junk . He said that the fingerboard was totally warped and that it was not worth the $ 100 that I paid for it . He encouraged me to ask the manufacturer to send me another so that I might &#34; give them a chance &#34; before taking my business elsewhere . The manufacturer was very agreeable and immediately sent me a second violin . When I brought it to my guy , he said that the second instrument had the same warping defects and that it was worse than the first -- that it looked like the glue holding the fingerboard to the body of the instrument was not sturdy and might fall off . So disappointing ! Even when I asked it would be &#34; okay &#34; for my 12 year old -LRB- who has played classical violin for 6 years -RRB- to goof around on this instrument with her friends -- he said that the instrument was not playable if she moved beyond first position due to the fingerboard warping .
 Mine arrived with an uncut bridge and faulty pegs -LRB- plastic -RRB- , that would not stay and could n't be restrung -LRB- do to the holes being cut too close to the end of the peg -RRB- . I thought this would be a quick fix for a live performance , but ended up having to rent a NS model .
 I orderded a natural color violin online and received a white color violin hence returned . I requested to cancel receied the return slip but after 2 weeks I receive the same white color violin again .
 This violin is very low quality and the bridge does not work well . I do not reccomend this . It is a bad violin .
 One thing is to recieve a cheap product and another is receive something that 's molding through . I had to wash the canvas `` case '' from the molding on it , as well as rub down the violin and stuff . I thought I was getting a half priced 100 $ quality violin , but I really received something worth about half of the 60 something that I paid.Sound quality is pretty nice , however the biggest issue is that the violin wo n't stay tuned for longer than 2 minutes . The pegs are garbage and I am still trying to find a way to make this violin playable .
 It 's not a bad sounding instrument , especially with as cheap as it is , but you ca n't vibrato on it . In order to vibrato you have to be able to hold the violin up using nothing but your chin and shoulder , but with the shape of this it 's impossible . It does come with a shoulder rest , but it 's very small and will not support the weight of the violin .
 OKAY THIS THING IS EXTRMELY BEAUTIFUL , IVE BEEN PLAYING VIOLIN FOR 7 YEARS NOW , AND SHOULD HAVE KNOWN TO STICK WITHMY ACOUSTIC , I GUESS I GET WHAT I PAID FOR . MY FIRST TIME GETTING IT THE ELECTRONICS DID NOT WORK AT ALL , AND I HAD A PAGEANT SO THAT WAS VERY UPSETTING . THE STRINGS WERE POPPING LEFT TO RIGHT AND THE BRIDGE IS WAY TO BIG , MY ADVICE IF YOU WANT TO GET AN ELECTRIC SOUND TO YOUR VIOLIN , BUY A PICKUP .
 The electric violin 's fingerboard was messed up and parts of it was chipped off.Not only that , the chin rest was missing .
 The quality of this violin is pretty cheap . When it comes , it does n't even have fine tuning screws . That was my first clue that maybe I should have bought a more expensive violin . My second clue came a week ago when the headphone jack stopped working halfway through playing . The violin worked for three and 1/4 sessions.But , while it was working the sound coming from the headphones was n't atrocios . The bow was ok , too . So if you get lucky and the violin does n't break while you 're playing it , its not bad .
 i bought this item because i had never heard of electric violins and it sounded like it would be really cool . it arrived within a week but when we tried to set it up the instructions that came with it were for an accoustic violin and so they didnt even apply to the one i was trying to set up . the strings are frayed and my husband wont let me go near it because hes worried a string will snap and hurt me . also you cant tune this instrument . all the strings are too loose to play and if you try to tighten them they just turn right back . i really wish i wouldnt have wasted 80 dollars on this cheap violin that just sits in a closet .
 I bought this violin hoping to have something I can practice with in the evenings when the kids are asleep . My daily player is a nice French made JTL Campagnon acoustic violin and I have been playing now for 7 months after a 23 year absence.The sleek looking body and the numerous positive reviews were very encouraging to me . Unfortunately , this violin is a very poor player . The plastic pegs slip in the peg box and the action is too high . I changed the pegs to ones made of ebony and I replaced the tailpiece with a Wittner model that has built in fine tuners . Now the tuning is stable . The action is still very high and you will need to adjust the height of the bridge by shaping it . It 's hard but doable . Even then the nut is extremely high . So , you will need to cut down the nut and shape it.The violin does produce a sound . You can listen to it through headphones or hook it up to an amp -LRB- like a guitar amp -RRB- . The tone and volume knobs work very well together and you get a wide range of textures . Go ahead and run the sound through an effects processor to get distortion , reverb , echo , etc. . It will do that and for that it earns one star.In the end , if you are a serious student or player then this violin will seem like a toy at best . It will disappoint you if you expect something that you can pull out of the box and start playing after minimal setup . A good setup with new strings , tailpiece , properly fitted pegs , and nut shaping can run $ 150 + and that 's not worth it for this violin . If you want a toy to screw around with or if you want a project to putz around with then this violin will be fine . Otherwise , save your money for something else . At least get something with as many wood fittings as possible .
 When I first opened it up , I was excited , compared to the reviews , I thought minor repairs would n't be that bad . There is a small chip on it which the 4th string catches on , and if it does at least it 's staying in place , Otherwise it easily falls under the neck , and the key to turn and tune it will not tighten at all to fix this . The receiver under the cords are loose . And I can only hear noise when I pluck the strings with my fingers and I hear nothing when it comes to using the bow EVEN with it plugged into my amp . Otherwise , yes , it came with all that they said it came with , but this Violin needs more work than I want to put into a new instrument . I 'm returning it , and never buying this kind ever again . Want a Electic Violin ? Please save yourself the trouble and look at another .
 So purchased this violin and upon receival there was no instruction manual and the bow was completely falling apart . I figured oh well let me try plugging it in and hearing how it sounds but nope it doesnt work . I cant even get a note out of it when I plugged it into my amp and when I asked the seller about any possible reasons or how to resolve this they basically said tough luck your money is ours now ! So BUYERS BEWARE !
 This is for 1 finger pick , i.e. $ 6.29 -LRB- shipped -RRB- for one lousy pick if you buy through Sam Ash . This is very deceptive advertising , as the title is `` Finger picks '' and retail price is listed as $ 24.84 , which is the price for a 20 pack -LRB- search `` dunlop finger picks . '' I would avoid this seller ; I contacted them , and they turfed the problem to Amazon . Amazon needs to figure out how to make outside sellers more reliable or just do away with this whole marketplace concept . This is my first amazon purchase of an item not sold directly by Amazon and my first negative buying experience on Amazon .
 This violin works fine . However here are the faults , and not just of this silent electric but of most , even the ones in the $ 500 - $ 600 range .1 . To heavy . This Violin is 10 times as heavy as a regular violin2 . Ca n't use a shoulder rest on this Violin .3 . Poorly constructed , gaps in the molding between pieces4 . Felt like it would break after a couple of months of useI wanted to travel with this , but the case it comes with is just a bag . This Violin has strange deminsions and would n't fit in any case I could find . If you are thinking about purchasing an electric make certain it can use a shoulder rest -LRB- if you use those -RRB- , can fit into a standard size case , and is well constructed.I emailed the vendor for a refund and this was done promptly and courteously .
 Ok it is cheap so what did I expect . I was buying something fun , a toy of sorts . But the headphone jack gives no audio . You would think that would work . The violin works ok with a small amp I got . But try as we might it will not stay in tune . Plastic tuning pegs in a plastic body is not a design that is going to work when friction is needed . But then why are all violins made with such a crappy tuning system is beyond me . But then I am not stuck in the 16th century on design . I am certainly not a traditionalist . Given how cheap this is we will probably make our own personal changes to it in the shop and have fun doing so . Fun factor high . Quality low .
 My daughter opened up her violin Christmas morning only to find pieces missing . It was not in working order . A VERY disappointed little girl.WHY did n't I get a full refund including shipping ??
 I have received the Barcelona Student 1/2 size violin I purchased from Austin Bazaar . I have tried to contact Austin Bazaar on the phone twice and left 2 messages . They did n't contact me back . I emailed Austin Bazaar and they replied with 3 links of their policy OF 30 DAY RETURN IF THE ITEM IS DEFECTIVE AND SETUP INSTRUCTIONS . I followed the 3 links they sent me to setup the violin AGAIN and had no sound . I tuned the strings with the Korg Chromatic Tuner TM-40 I bought from Amazon and matched the tunes of G , D , A & E. But , it does n't have any sound when I pulled the bows . It came with 2 bows and both do n't work . Austin Bazaar ignored my voice messages and emails by refusing to call me back and reply back with the Return Authorization Number . BUYERS , BEWARE OF THIS SHADY SELLER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Violin is heavy and hard to play because of shape . If you are a beginner this could give you shoulder and neck problems . The sad thing is that this violin has a good sound . The shape looks nice but is silly and not at all practical for playing .
 This case is very stiff and it feels more like vinyl or plastic than nylon . As minimal protection it should keep your drum dry and dust free and it may prevent minor dings , but there is no padding and the plastic zipper tends to stick .
 I 've been a Fender fan but recently purchased a Les Paul Studio Deluxe and love it . I like the shorter scale and wanted a less expensive guitar to haul around . I thought this was a great deal - an American made Gibson for $ 500 . But the build quality is so poor I 'm considering a return . The fret edges are sharp , and the pickups are n't even installed properly . They 're wrapped in shoddy electrical tape and just kind of stuck in there . They move around a lot . It sounds OK , but the pickup selector seems very cheap too , and I 'm worried it wo n't last . I do n't mind the cosmetics much - stripped down to bare bones . But it looks like it 's just thrown together with absolutely no concern for quality . It 's the poorest assembly I 've seen on any guitar at any price - except maybe those $ 100 kits you see in music stores . Not recommended . Try an Epiphone maybe .
 This is just a stick of wood with strings on it . No action at all.Sounds nice on an amp , even though the strings buzz and you can adjust it out.Mine went back 3 days after it arrived .
 I purchased this product in the `` cutaway '' version in December of 2011 . I needed an acoustic bass in a hurry for a concert , and Amazon 's price and fast delivery service plus generally-positive reviews influenced my decision . I had no delusions that I 'd be getting an extremely finely-crafted musical instrument for the price I was paying , but as I said , the other reviews were quite positive.The bass came fairly well packaged , with minor damage to the outer shipping carton . There was a bit of bubble wrap between the inner and outer boxes , but probably not enough to do any good . I did not receive any documentation -LRB- owner 's guide , warranty card -RRB- , and Dean 's website says that every instrument they make ships with a warranty card . This was my first clue that something was perhaps amiss . The instrument itself was wrapped in a light foam wrapper to protect the finish.Initial impressions were favorable . The bass looked good , with solid construction . Then I went to play it . Tuned it up , and immediately discovered that the E and A strings were sitting hard on the first and second frets . Totally unplayable.I realize that this could have likely been repaired , either by a professional or a musician more competent in such things than I am . But there should n't be a need to repair a brand-new item.I sent an e-mail to Dean 's customer service department . I got a reply very quickly , but not a helpful reply . The initial response was `` We 're sorry the bass is not up to your standards . '' * My * standards ? It was unplayable . I would hope that it would not be up to Dean 's standards as well.Apparently it is , though , as the pleasant-but-totally-unhelpful customer service rep did not offer to do anything for me . Oh , I could send the bass to them -LRB- at my expense -RRB- and they 'd fix it if it was fixable , and then they 'd send it back to me -LRB- also at my expense -RRB- . This would of course take some weeks . There was no effort made to make the situation right.Additionally , I asked them three times to send me a warranty card . This request was ignored . There was nothing left to do but send the bass back to Amazon , which I did . This obviously made the problem go away , but was n't exactly a solution , and left me bass-less for the concert.I will never buy another Dean instrument , any instrument , at any price . If you buy one , know that Customer Service probably wo n't help you if there 's a problem . If you 're willing to take that risk , more power to you , I guess . Meanwhile , buyer beware !
 Perhaps I should say ` poor factory calibration ' as I 'd question how much handwork actually went into the instrument . Do n't be fooled by the mahogany and spruce mentioned in the description . They 're nothing but veneers over composites of what appear to be cheap boxwood , the kind you see in low-end violins . I found this out after disassembling the body to repair the bridge plate that was so misaligned the pin holes barely made contact with about 1/8 of an inch of the plate back edge . The notches in the X braces were cut too far up or the braces themselves mismatched.After a few months I noticed the top was beginning to dome behind the bridge
 I tried twice with this product . first time , the neck was warped so much that it could n't be tuned . I requested an exchange for another one . The second time the neck is messed up , and it looks like there was a shoddy attempt to refurbish it and pawn it off on me as new . Even worse , when I 've wasted my time on this thing and I send it back in for a refund they charge me a restocking fee .
 When the item arrived , there was a light fret buzz on the G string that I assumed was from cheap strings.Today , I bought a strap and attempted to play while using the strap and the G string fret buzz is absolutely terrible . The playing the G open is indistinguishable from playing the first fret ; it is the EXACT SAME NOTE , and for noobs - thats not normal.Other people have mentioned the cheap sounding strings , etc. so I have already destroeyd the boxes this thing came in . I will now have to pay MORE money to get this fret buzz problem fixed.TLDR
 I purchased this for a gift for my nephew for his birthday . When he tried to play it , one string wo n't stay in tune and it does n't work when plugged into amp . So we took it to professionals to look at and they said it 's defective and should be returned . BUT , OF COURSE , the 30 day return policy has expired and we are stuck with junk ... I 'll never purchase anything from Amazon.com again !!!
 i had read reviews for the vendetta , about how the finish was not transparent , but brown , and did n't think the evo was like that . I got my evo in today , and the thing is dark rough brown paint . not the pretty natural that was in the picture at the time . the guitar had been shipped in one box with no padding , just the dean box . there was a pretty good dent at the base of the body where some paint had come off . my fingernail took off more chips . My pick took off a big swipe . I 'm pretty sure i could strip all of the crappy paint job off the guitar with my guitar pick in about 10-15 minutes , and re finish it with something else . The sound from the guitar is way muddier than all my other guitars . The neck is n't thin , it 's fat . The neck is also warped . There 's a big dip on the EAD side , while it 's flat on the GBE side . I ca n't get the strings very low . If I had spent $ 100 on this , it would go back right away , but as it is , I 'll just sort of feel ripped off at about $ 60 .
 The Dean Evo doesnt look like the picture , it is dark purple and when I pulled it out of the box it had a one inch chip off of the finish on the front exposing the basswood body . It was so well wrapped that it couldnt have happened in shipping . I wish someone had looked at it before they sent it . This really sucks because its a christmas present and only 5 days till then . Piece of junk . This product gets zero stars .
 I played it for literally 15 minutes and 2 strings already broke . It also did n't keep a tune which is a major problem , but while I got to play it at the beginning it sounded very smooth for a cheap guitar .
 I have purchased 3 of these guitars at different times . The first 2 were great , good guitars and very nice looking . I ordered the third for my grandson for his 11th birthday . When it arrived we looked at it before we gave it to him and it was not mahogany finished as described and pictured , but looked like it was made from cheap walnut cabinet material . It may have been great sounding but we could n't get past the very ugly finish and we sent it back .
 This guitar has a lot of problems . First it would n't stay in tune then we found that the tuning knobs had tightening screws . This helped some but then when I played different chords one or two strings would be out of tune but the open string sounded fine . The adjustments on the bridge were not adjusted properly . I am very unhappy with this guitar and would like another one but I do n't want to go without a guitar as I need one to play for this band that I am a member of . I know it is more than 30 days since I got this guitar but the guys I play with have been trying to get it adjusted and basically I have a $ 100 piece of crap guitar .
 On the plus side , this guitar is inexpensive . On the minus side , the pickups are very noisy , the tuners are loose and do n't hold tuning , and the body construction is such that if you put any weight on the body while holding the neck , the tuning goes sharp.If you 're short/small and always play sitting down , this might be an OK value . For anyone else , avoid it .
 the reeds got easily chipped . My son thinks they are clarinet reeds . Or maybe got chipped en route because they put it in a big box with a big heavy item that I bought around that time.I 'm disappointed with the quality -LRB- or it just a packaging problem -RRB-
 I am returning this item . When I received it , one of the bottom legs was bent so it will not sit straight -LRB- it rocks back and forth -RRB- so I am returning it and buying something different . It looked like it would have been a nice bench so I gave it two stars but I was very disappointed when I got it and it was already damaged . The packaging looked fine so it must have been bent when they packaged it ...
 I have ordered dozens of items on Amazon and never felt the need to write a review because I was always satisfied with all my purchases ... until now . To my disappointment , this product came in a box that looked like it was badly beaten . The package was practically open when I received it . That was n't the worst part . When I finally sat on the bench it was unsteady and was rocking side to side and forth as if the legs were uneven . I took a closer look and and one of the feet is actually bent . It 's not safe at all for my toddler daughter who is lightweight because it wobbles with her . I I did n't want to bother sending it back because that would be another headache , so I am going to eventually purchase a different bench . May just very well be my bad luck with this purchase .
 Unfortunately I do not recommend this keyboard bench . In the as-arrived condition , one of the legs was severely bent and it was impossible to place or play anything on it due to the rocking problem . I examined the bent leg and made the following observations . The leg was bent due to heat distortion from incorrect welding -LRB- it was not a shipping and handling damage -RRB- . What is disturbing is `` lack of quality control inspection '' which should have detected this obvious problem . But , there is another problem here . The leg was bent during the welding operation , and the part was painted afterwards . This means , there are no `` in-process controls '' in place for the manufacture of this item . Clearly , the item was built overseas where manufacturers do not place emphasis on `` quality control and inspection '' . They built an oviously defective part that would not work for the intended purpose and shipped it over to an `` unsuspecting '' merchant . However , I did not return the item because I do not want to be a nuisance customer to Amazon , where I always get good products at good prices . Here is how I fixed the rocking problem . I wrapped an old electrical cord around the tip of the bent leg to sufficient size to prevent rocking . Then I placed a nylon sock over to conceal the cable . With a black twisty , I affixed the nylon sock to the leg firmly . Well , it sort of looks cute . And it does not rock anymore .
 The seat when assembled rocked back and forth - seems like poor quality , I guess you what you pay for - I returned mine .
 There was no internal foam or packaging . The bench tore through the box during shipment and was damaged . Returned the item .
 just lightcheap made but descent for the money.Not for power play , just too light and not tall enough if you want to play up high.They will not hold larger than a 14 '' cymbal , still fell to the floor , when played holding 14 '' chinaBetter for a 10 '' ,12 '' cymbal , I guess.Maybe is me.Not the stand .
 Barely acceptable . Not consistent at all , poor cane quality - that being said , when you get a good one -LRB- perhaps 10 % -RRB- , they sound great . at least they 're cheap !
 Barely acceptable . Not consistent at all , poor cane quality - that being said , when you get a good one -LRB- perhaps 10 % -RRB- , they sound great . at least they 're cheap !
 Barely acceptable . Not consistent at all , poor cane quality - that being said , when you get a good one -LRB- perhaps 10 % -RRB- , they sound great . at least they 're cheap !
 The title says it all . The F in particular is quite inconsistent . I 'm hoping that I can return this and find a better one .
 Really , these spoons make a faint tapping sound . I could make more percussive noise just snapping my fingers . Better to use two spoons , the old-fashioned way .
 Do n't bother if you wants these spoons to actually play music . They are n't balanced correctly and do n't make the right sound .
 I am teaching all of my children to play something as part of their musical education . I let each kid choose what they want to learn to play . I was getting these for my 12yr old daughter who wanted to learn to play spoons . Bad idea . We ended up not using them because they are so bad . These things are VERY cheaply made . The metal is very thin & weak and bends way too easily . They also sound tinny , weak and pathetic . If you are looking for a kid 's toy , these might be fun for a toddler or something , but probably not.After seeing how bad these are , I searched Youtube for `` Spoons '' and found some great tutorials on how to use regular old kitchen spoons . Regular kitchen spoons are solidly made , sound great , are very easy to hold , easy to learn to play and cost nothing . If you do n't want to beat up your good stuff , go to the store and buy 2 spoons for $ 1 . The difference in sound is very noticable . These Trophy things sound horrible , are hard to play , and really are n't worth buying . We have found that playing real spoons is enjoyable for kids/adults of any age . Trying to play these is not fun at all , and can be downright frustrating trying to get them to work like real spoons , they just do n't compare.The point is , if you want to use these as a rhythm instrument , or for elementary education , and not just as a toy , do n't use these . Put in the extra 2minutes for a youtube search and see the difference real spoons make and then just use those .
 This case seems to be fine at first , but it will slowly but surely deteriorate . Within a year of buying it , it started to break . I used it as a backpack , but that is no longer possible . The part that is sewn on to the case to attach the backpack straps started to rip out . Now , the case falls to either side , making it very cumbersome and uncomfortable to carry around . The best thing is that Protec expected me to pay to ship it to them to fix it when the case should not have broken in the first place . It was designed to be used as a backpack , so it should function as one and not break . I am never buying a Protec case again and I would suggest you do n't either .
 Be careful if you want to use the case with Bach Stradivarius 42BO . The mouthpipe part of the slide can hit the bell . I got 3-4 dnets and some scratches within a day since the case arrived.Not enough space inside the case for water spray and other accessories . All I can fit are 2 mouthpieces -LRB- in oversized space -RRB- and polishing cloth.you can use side bag for water spray , lubricants and or polishing clothes , but there is high chance to hit the bottle and break it .
 I purchased this and the Odyssey LTMTS1-PRO Lighting Truss System and compared them side by side . I am a mobile DJ so to me , Size , Weight , and ease of use definitely matter.Everything is simply better on the Odyssey LTMTS1-Pro . - The Odyssey is so much lighter , half the weight and still just as sturdy . - When broken down the Odyssey takes up less space and is shorter in height , but still extends to the same size as ADJ 's . - The crank system is junk on the ADJ , it clicks , where the Odyssey is smooth and effortless to crank up - Odyssey is cheaper in price - Both offer the same space for hanging and mounting lightsI do not represent or have i ever worked for Odyssey i give my money to those who make the best product and I simply do n't see the any reason why anyone would chose the ADJ truss over the Odyssey in this case.Get the Odyssey LTMTS1 - PRO !
 If you want a capo , definitely go with Dunlop . However , do not get the flat capo -LRB- this one -RRB- if your guitar neck has even a little curve to it -- in that case get a curved capo ! I know it sounds obvious , but the flat capos do NOT sound good on a guitar with an even slightly curved neck . Makes the strings buzz/rattle .
 It is not a very strong capo . I alway need to adjust to get it to squeeze the sting enough to play the right notes . I not be using it . It was a waste of money .
 Typically used on electric guitars that have vibratos , -LRB- whammy bars -RRB- , graphite 's self-lubrication aids in less string binding at the nut , thus , keeping the guitar better in tune . While there are many other string nut materials on the market , graphite is one of my least favorite to work with because it tends to not be very durable . While its self-lubrication and sustaining properties are very good , the material itself often chips and fractures very easily . It 's very common to see a broken graphite nut at the low E on shredder guitars.NOTE ; GRAPHITE IS NOT TO BE CONFUSED WITH THE GRAPHTECH COMPANY . Graphtech is a wonderful string nut manufacturer . They make high pressure laminate nuts impregnated with Teflon.Hope this was helpful , Guitartec
 Cheaper model than the one I wanted . I gave it away ... I want one of these but more solid . Cute one for kids ...
 I bought this like 7 or 8 years agoIt was good , let 's say that it made my 15w pedal sound way louder and cooler -LRB- like if it was - at least - a 30 w -RRB- BUT mine had A LITTLE HUGE TROUBLE , after playing -LRB- lets say 40 min -RRB- it would get over heatedand STOP WORKING -LRB- it would work til it had cooled , like an hour after , and then , the same would happen -RRB- I asked for a change of unit , but it had THE SAME ISSUE ... I still have it -LRB- not because I wanted to , but because the store wouldnt give me my money back =\ -RRB-
 I love the sounds , effects and amplifier envelopes offered by this device . And it did n't take me too long to start figuring how to go up and down the menu . But I noticed as soon as I stood up , I could n't read the type in the columns . It was just too small to easily navigate . Plugged in , on stage this just would n't do . I 'd vote for a major revision to the display . Make it HUGE !
 Shoddy product , plain and simple . I purchased this item at a Guitar Shack . As a novice , the whole process in the store was painful . I purchased this from a ponytailed , nerdy guitar salesman . His car salesman style was so aversive , I just pointed and said , `` I 'll take that one , '' to facilite a quick exit.It worked for two months . Now , the pedal only produces a feeble signal and sound from the Amp -LRB- Amp is fine without the processor -RRB- . I 've checked all inputs and other troubleshooting to no avail . It 's broken and for no apparant reason . Perhaps I just got the one lemon of the bunch . Perhaps the product is bad in general .
 One of the worst purchases of my life . This is a visually gorgeous harp with beautiful Celtic scrollwork - perfect if you want one just for decoration . If you want one to actually play , do n't even consider this harp . It has a dull cardboard sound that is not enjoyable to listen to . The sharping levers are so cheap , they ca n't sharp to pitch - you are a better off hand-tuning each string ! I had a woodworker reinstall each lever a bit higher , which helped somewhat but did n't solve the tuning problem . Then it developed a buzzing noise inside the bridge that no one could figure out or fix . -LRB- I later found out they insert metal in the bridge to compensate for the weak wood it is built from . -RRB- Finally , the string pins are n't tapered , so after just a month of playing I could not keep a single string tightened and in tune - the pins popped right out . I would n't recommend this harp even to beginners , as its terrible sound and manifold problems made it more of a pain than a joy to play . Save your money a few months longer and get a Dusty Strings or comparable quality harp .
 I got this preamp because I heard I needed a preamp as well as phantom power for an AKG studio condenser mic that I was also purchasing ; and that it would also `` warm up '' the sound a bit . That might help for cheap mics but there was absolutely no voice quality difference with 2 mid-range mics under diff recording tests than straight to an Mbox 2 mini . As a matter of fact , I got a little extra noise . -LRB- but that is prob due to the extra cable connection -RRB- I ca n't say what it will do for instruments , but for voice , it is totally not necessary if you have a good mic and interface . If not , then you probably need something like this.Things I liked
 like is this for real ??? really ... . like is this for real cause i mean i know a sucker is born every minute but holy crap
 It 's a First act ! Lol , c'mon , really ? who would buy a first act for that much ? These are Wal-mart guitars ... If you want a REAL guitar for $ 3,000 go get a Gibson , not a first act . Who does first act think they are ? lol
 I ca n't think of a worse tuner than this ... the only good thing about it is that it fits with the rest of the OK D pedals in their little powered case ... this thing has no silent/bypass tuning , the display colors are horrible , ca n't see anything in the dark AND it has its own mind - useless ... need an improved one PLEASE
 The retail price of this mic is $ 169 , not $ 769 . Looks like you 're really getting a heck of deal here , but this is a standard street price for this mediocre mic .
 As a product it is fine and works as stated . My issue is that the description leads you to believe that both wings are included when in fact only 1 side is included . If you want both then you 'll have to buy two . This is very misleading and is false advertising in my opinion . The description needs to be updated to reflect that only a single side is included .
 This product is marketed by the manufacturer as a `` Deluxe Dynamic Stereo Microphone . It is NOT a stereo microphone . It is a common low-end monophonic -LRB- one channel -RRB- microphone . The photo will reveal that the plug has only two contacts , meaning one channel . Furthermore , the instructions with the microphone indicate that for stereo use , two of these microphones must be used , - one for the recorder 's left jack , and one for the right . Do n't make the same mistake I made . THIS IS NOT A STEREO MICROPHONE !
 This product is marketed by the manufacturer as a `` Deluxe Dynamic Stereo Microphone . It is NOT a stereo microphone . It is a common low-end monophonic -LRB- one channel -RRB- microphone . The photo will reveal that the plug has only two contacts , meaning one channel . Furthermore , the instructions with the microphone indicate that for stereo use , two of these microphones must be used , - one for the recorder 's left jack , and one for the right . Do n't make the same mistake I made . THIS IS NOT A STEREO MICROPHONE !
 I needed this for a training class focused on Excel Modeling while I was running Win 7 on my Mac ... Pros :1 -RRB- Flexibility and Compactness2 -RRB- Pretty much Spill proofCons :1 -RRB- Some of the buttons do n't respond as quickly as you would like them to , requiring a bit of `` button mashing '' .2 -RRB- Buttons are hard to get use to it 's layout as its not entirely setup like a Win XP Keyboard.Needless to say , I started bringing in a traditional windows keyboard to class . I will only use this keyboard sparingly .
 You guys sent me a wrong chip -LRB- vol .13 soft rock/beatles . elvis -RRB- I ordered pop songs and elvis collection that 's reason why i do n't like it
 How do you screw up such a simple product ? Simple ... glue the stamp onto the the wood block crooked .
 This is a great idea however is not a great product . The stamp pad for this is a normal size . The stamp itself is miniature . It is so small that you could not put the finger number in a circle on the fret to indicate how to play the chord . thankfully it was cheap , do n't waste your money buying this thing , it is a 1/4 of the size that it should be . the image makes it look big , trust me , it is not .
 Very disappointed . Arrived only 1 pair . Where is my last 11 ? And another problem is that , sticks are not good quality .
 I did my best via Amazon emessage to the seller , to determine what bag I was looking at . Even so , I was sent a bag that was too small , and NOT the Powerflex bag , the seller I assured me I 'd get . What I received was a TLK bag -- well constructed , but not what I 'd ordered here , based on the seller & the Amazon item photo . The same photo I still see as I am typing this ! My best guess is the TLK bag would fit a mini-Applause guitar , certainly not an Ovation medium/large bowl as I was told . If you 're looking for a deal on a budget priced bag for any Celebrity model Ovation -- this is NOT it .
 I purchase a brick of these sticks hoping to find a cheaper pair of sticks since these sticks we made by Vic Firth , I assumed they would be good . After playing for a few weeks I am down to my last 3 pairs , I 'm beginning to see why these are `` Budget '' drum sicks , as I broke and average of on pair , every time i got behind the kit . Unless you do n't play any hard or heavy kind of music I as a professional Drummer do not recommend these sticks . Save you money and get the better model of sticks .
 Just received my Quiklok one hand clutch stand . Not happy with the product . I 've used similar products from Ultimate stands before but did n't want to pay that much for a stand this round . I found this stand and thought I would give it a try . The first thing I noticed was that the clutch does n't hold very tightly . If you pick the stand up by the top the stand extends instead of holding firm . The base apparently is heavier than the clutch grips . So if you want to move the stand you have to pick it up by the bottom half of the stand . There is a little wobble at the base of the clutch . And worse of all , when I screwed the clip into the top the plastic threading stripped out with very minimal force applied . So if you like your mic clips to be tight and not spin around you can forget it.I 've had the stand for 2 hours and this is what I 've already found . Will seek to return it if possible . I did give it two stars because the clutch works and if you need a light duty stand and do n't mind a little wobble it would be okay for the money . Guess you get what you pay for .
 I purchased this product to lubricate the tuning slides on my trumpet and flugelhorn . I have n't used this particular Selmer product for years . The company must have changed the formula because clean up is much more of a chore than I remember . The tuning slides move easily , but it was very difficult and took a lot of work to remove the excess grease from the finish of the horns . Ca n't say I 'll use it again .
 well i bought this item one week ago replacing my old stand with was like 4 years old and it was all bended ... . long short history i have to use my old stand to make my new stand usable ... . avoid this bad quality 100 %
 The L-Stand is pretty shoddily constructed . The threads are soft and will strip easily . The machining is not to strict tolerance , for sure . Easy to set up , but when all put together it lacks stability . It 's not going to fall over , but if you 're using really using it to dj in club settings , I do n't know if I 'd feel comfortable with my laptop on it hovering over my equipment . If you 're a hobbyist and want something relatively cheap to hold your laptop , it will get the job done .
 Well i dont know where to start . i was happy when i saw other reviews from past users so i went ahead and i choose this stand . sad to say when i started assembling the unit there were some factory faults with the threads for screwing . the bar which goes across were too small at the ends and they were n't able to screw on . they would just fit it and then fall off . now i have to sort our the threads because sending it back from my country will be too much .
 This stand is n't worth the money . Laptop stands rely completely on balance which is the main reason why I 'm giving this stand a bad rating . The problem I experienced with this stand was the threading with the screws . The rods that attach to each leg include extenders for your laptop size . However the extenders had stripped threading thus the balance was not level . In fact some of them did n't screw together at all , even after trying different combinations.Overall I would n't purchase this stand . I 'm not sure if I received a faulty one or if they 're all constructed the same way . My advice would be to save your money and purchase one with higher quality .
 This is a poorly made product and it is not worth the price . I was n't expecting much as I know djs tend to shell out a good $ 75 - $ 100 on a laptop stand , but I feel that I got less than what I paid for . This is very rickety and will bend easily . It wobbles quite a bit even if you have it set to lower heights where there is more overlap of the metal and therefore more reinforcement . I would not recommend this product unless you are on a super tight budget and feel you need one . I do n't think I will return it as I have nothing to replace it with at this point . Also my laptop almost just fell out of it which inspired me to get on here and write this review . I had to catch it , the front of the stand has barely high enough lips to hold my laptop . -LRB- I have an acer aspire 5250 -RRB-
 Dont bother , spend your money on another item . Just trying to lock IT!so your Laptop wont FALL off !! is crazy . I had to look at the pic 's on the boxjust to get it together.LAST this is for SALE for $ 29 ! else where ! the same item with locksLAST this is for SALE for $ 29 ! else where ! the same item with locksLAST this is for SALE for $ 29 ! else where ! the same item with locksOh ya New not OLD/Used / Google it to FIND it Lower.so DONT SPEND $ 43 & AGAIN $ $ SAVE your MONEY $ $
 The effects will work well for someone in a live band , but if you are looking for a device to record with in a studio , you may want to look at the `` Digi Tech Live Vocalist 3 '' .
 This processor does have a lot of good basics , like a pre-amp for a warmer tone , distortion , reverb and delay , but 90 % of the effects a singer would never need . Lots of robotic , sci-fi effects that are fun if you are messing around in your garage but that you would never use in a live setting . At a low volume the quality is fine but when I turned up my PA at all i got a high pitched hiss that I could not find a way to get rid of -LRB- even when is bypass mode -RRB- . An ok processor , but for the price , I 'd rather have something with a harmonizer and autotune , which this unit does not have .
 My playing partner and I both purchased this stool from Ouick-Lok , mine arrived looking like a rocking chair , right out of the box . The right side was 1 1/2 inches off of the ground . I have repeatedly contacted Quik-Lok but have never recieved any return acknowledgement of my complaint . Then last week while performing my friends stool support peg broke causing him to come crashing off of the stool . Thank God he was n't hurt or his guitar damaged . Please Do n't waste your time or money on this product . Non-existent compamy support , poorly constructed product.JD
 Given the price of kosher Yeminite Shofars I was willing to order this first out of curiosity . Upon opening the box I was met with instant disappointment . This is literally made out of cheap plastic , the kind used to make children 's toys . The coloring is nothing like a real shofar and it is n't going to `` fool '' anyone . The sound it makes is commensurate with the cheap material it is made of . This is the type of item you might find in a childrens toy store and should only be sold as such for no more than $ 1.99 . Run , do n't walk away from this and save up your hard earned dollars for the real thing .
 I 've been playing guitar for about 4 years now and lately I 've been experimenting with different strings to see what works best for me . That being said , these strings were a huge disappointment . They were recommended to me by a local guitar shop , so I bought 2 sets and put one of them on my Yamaha FG700S . The first thing I noticed was how rough they are on my fingers . I expected as much from acoustic strings , but these tire out my fingers faster than any other strings I 've used . As another reviewer mentioned , I also noticed that they do n't bend too easily . While that 's something almost universal to all acoustic guitar strings , it 's worth mentioning.The final - and most important - discovery I made about these strings is that they corrode faster than any others I 've used . I thought it was just the way I used the first set , so I replaced them , making sure to clean my fretboard before stringing the guitar , I hoped they 'd last longer . I also made sure to wash my hands before playing . Within a week and a half their color was faded , they sounded noticeably duller , and my fingers were n't too happy.Overall , I would n't recommend these strings to anyone . While they sound nice for a couple of days , they hurt like hell and do n't last long enough to be practical . I 've since switched to Elixirs and am significantly more impressed with the quality and longevity , even with their higher price point .
 was good while i had it ... which was about 5 months . But the plastic was cheap and dented the first day I used it . I dont recommend this head to anyone though I did think it was a good head while it around .
 The pickup is horrible . Plugged into the microphone jack of the computer and with the volume turned up all the way the sound is barely audible . Even turning up the volume turned up to the max the sound is still way too low . Tried several computers and a laptop , the only conclusion I can come to is that my microphone is defective . But wait , I have a box of 24 brand new microphones , I tried several , they are ALL bad . These things are bad for me , bad for my users and bad for this planet as they are headed straight for the landfill . Horrible product .
 Mic does not pickup anything thats not LITERALLY 1-2 inches away from the muzzle -LRB- boost enabled -RRB- . Worthless . 1-2 inches is being modest too . Ya , no really , under an inch ... ya ... worthless ...
 They didnt give me the correct product and it 's difficult for me to review it .
 If you are trying to but this , please Stop ! , the product itself isnt so bad , but the problem is that if you do n`t recieve it complete , Sam Ash wont give you any guarantee , I recieved an incomplette Guitar stand and they did n`t gave me the missing part . Thanks God amazon exist and the gave my money back !!! , but please dont buy anything from these guys , specially if you are not from USA .
 I was excited to find something this inexpensive in this line of musical instruments . When we got it , we found it played in the key of Bb , and not the key of A . It says A on the brass label , and I 'm a music teacher , so I know what I 'm doing when I 'm looking at keys . The scale was pretty much in tune with itself . But I was disappointed in the product and would recommend for anyone that buy a better brand that will be in the key it says its in .
 I received this on time however , the base and the stand never have really `` connected '' and it wobbles and now the extension pole does n't work . It 's only a little over a year old . I 'm very disappointed in it and am looking for something else .
 I use to use the cheap black container fog solution from walmart all the time and decided to get serious about the solution i use as I just bought a chauvet 1300 fog machine and did not want this one to get clogged or ruined etc. . Im going to use the cheap fog fluid as the base comparison for froggys swamp juice and also master fog code 6 fog fluid as a comparison for a higher end fog fluid . All fog fluids were used outside in an open parking lot along with a wooded area.I first used master fog code 6 fog fluid in my machine diluted at 50-50 . The hang time was about 15-20 minutes which is great for fog fluid outsoors and I would give it a 10 in longevity . The thickness was about the same if not a little bit thicker than the cheap stuff which is good since it was diluted.I received my froggys fog swamp juice and was very excited after all the hype about this fog brand . I diluted it at the same 50-50 ratio as the code 6 and pressed the button . The fog was alot thicker than the cheap fog fluid at about a 2 to 1 or twice as thick . The hangtime let me down however . Although it lasts longer than the cheap stuff it didnt compare to the code 6 . I didnt watch the time as i work at a haunted house and was scaring people but i can say the code 6 was able to fill up our parking lot which is about 2.5 football fields and then some before it started to disipate . The froggys fog swamp juice covered about 1/4 of that before disappearing . I looked around in shock to see maybe if it blew away in any direction and was covering another area but i was just gone . It does last longer than the cheap stuff by maybe a couple minutes but its not worth the extra $ . I know froggys uses high quality ingredients but the review on here where someone has to filter it because it clogged their fog machine -LRB- because of white floaties -RRB- makes that highlight non existant to me . It should be noted the temp outside for both fog fluids were the same at about 50 degrees and 0 wind.Alot of the reviews on here are using this fog.indoors and it appears to be great but so far outside for me its not a winner . It is thick but the idea i had was to.cover a . large area and it can not be done as it doesnt hang long enough . I will try again this weekend however I am going with the master fog code 6 for now and have the intention of burning up this stiff unless it proves me wrong this weekend .
 they send me the wrong part and now they are saying that they can not exchange the part so i just pay them for something that im not gon na use
 The power adapter quit working after one day and Im not sure why . My Behringer adapter works much better so consider buying a different brand power source
 This guitar footstool does n't live up to it 's name , `` Tour Grade , '' which implies heavy duty , at least in my mind . It did n't take much foot pressure to bend one of the legs just enough to make it wobble and move around under foot . I guess you get what you pay for . The plan now is to visit a Guitar Center so that I can see and test the replacement for this footrest .
 Used this for about 10min , the metal bent like nothing right at the pivot in the foot stand . Metal is very thin and soft at the rivits/hinge . Would not recommend this item .
 I would have given it one star , but i gave it two because it does do some cleaning.I was really scared because I did n't know if they would get stuck or what . But after reading some reviews , I decided to take a chance . That was the mistake.My trumpet was really dirty , so when i got these , i followed the directions , and one of the `` spitballs '' got stuck in the horn . It took me about 5 minutes to take all the slides off and everything , but I finally did find it.I was stupid enough to try it again , because i thought it was just that one spitball that did n't work . again , it got stuck somewhere in my horn . it says it works for small bore trombones , trumpets , cornets , and french horns . I did n't dare to try it on my french horn.So the next day , I asked my band teacher about these spitballs , and she said not to use them . I guess I wasted time and money -LRB- shipping costed more than item -RRB- i guess the only upside is that it cleans your horn , but only a bit.i really would n't recommend these . just buy one of those snakes .
 Spitballs do n't do much toward cleaning brass instruments . Ask your teacher to show you how to take apart your horn and explain how to wash it in the bathtub . It 's easy and much better for your instrument !
 Hey everyone , its your band buddy vamp again . I do n't recommend this product because the spitballs get stuck in the trumpet/brass instrument . I do n't know if anyone has ever taken a trumpet completely apart to get one of these out , well other than me of course , but it is darn near impossible to `` snake '' these out once they are stuck . I had to run the valves under the bath tap -LRB- at full pressure -RRB- to get the darn ball unstuck . When the spitball gets wet , it expands ... yea . So just use a snake rag and call it a day .
 sounded like a neat idea for the low price I got it for . does n't really do much and got stuck in my lead pipe right before I had to play . The idea is cool but better off cleaning the standard way with a pipe brush when needed . .
 This is a waste of money . They did n't work on either of my trumpets , the 27 year old one or my 1 year old horn . The spitballs got stuck in both of them immediately . Also , they are a pain to get out . Do n't waste you 're money !!!
 Need I say more ... if it is dirty get it cleaned at a music shop . Ifyou play your horn a lot you will be best to bring it to a music shop once a year and pay the $ 30 - $ 50 to get it cleaned . If you have a professional instrument it will cost more . I know these sound appealing and seem so much cheaper then a cleaning . Let me know what you think when they are stuck inside your instrument ... inevitably these will not clean much at all and you will end up at the music shop .
 I would take the advice of another review , and not get it . I am happy one person was able to use the mirror ball , but from the get go , it was not working , I got the battery compartment door , however , but the motor was not working , and the ball was not steady and was hanging to one side . I only got this for I want that 70 's white light spinning around as opposed to modern day colors spinning around , and I alrieady got a modern day color spinning around , and this was the only tabletop being sold . The other mirror balls I was looking at on here and other sights that are tabletop , spins colors and not just white.I would avoid getting this , just to wait to receive it , and have to return it . But I can at least take comfort in getting a much needed refund ! Ya live and ya learn ! ** SIGH **
 I received this Tabletop Disco Ball and Motor Kit -LRB- MADE IN CHINA -RRB- already defective . The battery compartment door was missing and the leads to the battery pressure springs were not even soldered to the springs . Obviously it did n't work . eParty Unlimited not only sent me a new , tested working one the very next day , but they also sent me a pre-paid packing slip to send the old crappy one back . It was n't their fault.Although the new one works as described , it is cheap and janky . The disco ball does not even sit on the cone motor straight . It tilts to one side.I would not recommend this product . It 's not worth the hassle . I got lucky the second time .
 Falls apart if you use it filled close to capacity . I carry 6-8 pairs of sticks , brushes , and 2 sets of mallets , and had the seams burst on me in under 6 months . If you need to carry 5 or fewer pairs of sticks , it 's probably fine .
 I decided to go for this bag , since it seemed a bit more deluxe and I suspected it might last longer than the old-fashioned nylon Vic Firth stick bag.It does do what it 's supposed to do , and it has a vast amount of storage for sticks , mallets , tools , and notebooks . It 's fairly comfortable to wear , if you really want to wear the thing . At its size though , it does n't fit into my messenger bag when riding my bike to the studio.The vinyl does seem rather long lasting , and the seams appear to be well sewn . The zippers appear strong and work smoothly . The vinyl does have a rather strong synthetic odor to it , that has dissipated a bit over time.One feature that I liked are the built in lug mounts . There are two spring-loaded clips that clasp onto your floor tom lugs , putting the sticks in a nice accessible location . The bag however is so heavy that the elastic that runs through the bag is stretched , and you have to attach it to lugs that are pretty distant in order to keep the elastic taught and the bag from drooping . A couple of times , the elastic band came untied from the clip and it was a bit annoying to have to retie it , but a double-knot is sufficient for a while.I took the bag on tour and it did the job , until one of the plastic lug mounting clips broke . Actually , the thumb-switch for recoiling the spring-loaded portion broke . From then , I had to use two hands to hold and manually open the clip far enough to get it off of the lug . Trust me , it 's annoying . You do n't want that to happen.Overall , I think the bag is overkill , unless you absolutely have to carry 24 pairs of sticks , mallets , a ton of hardware , and some small notebooks . Yeah , it 's not much more expensive than the base model , but the extra padding , heavy duty vinyl , and storage capacity of the bag presents a new problem . It puts extra strain on the elastic cable , making the bag droop , causing the clips to come untied , and possibly lead to the fairly cheap plastic clip eventually breaking . Vic Firth should replace the plastic clips with simple military grade metal ones , and it would make a big difference . For all the potential that this bag affords you , I think it 's overkill .
 I ordered this bag thinking that 2 pair of sticks came with it but when I recieved it I was truly disappointed . I mainly needed the sticks because my son is in marching band but I didnt want to waste the time of sending the bag back
 It is inexpensive but is difficult to use anywhere with other noise . . I used it for several years but it is only a backup now . . Nice part is that you can calibrate the tuning , although probably would not be used by most musicians . . Other than that I think money would be better spent on a headstock type tuner . . I would not recommend it .
 I bought one of these tuners three months ago . I have had good luck with other Korg products including tuners . This tuner started operating intermittently and would quit at the worst times -LRB- on stage -RRB- . It has a three year warranty , but , you must buy Korg tuners from an authorized dealer or you are out of luck . At this point I 'm not impressed with the tuner or Korg . My replacement tuner will not be a Korg .
 I ca n't say too much about this product since it was a gift and really did n't hear too much about it .
 I purchased this item in October 2008 but never tried it until recently . It was defective . The red/green tuning lights did not come on and only 2 frequencies sounded . I took it to a music store who pointed out that the Viet Nam sticker was not on their stock tuners.I tried to return it but the return time window had expired.I would give it no stars if that were possible .
 When I ordered the item , the description read as follows : Protec Deluxe Folding Saxophone Stand -LRB- Soprano Sax Peg -RRB- - with a full picture of the entire stand with the attached peg.With the photo and the description , I thought I was ordering the saxophone stand - not the peg . Of course , when I received my order - 2 days before Christmas , too late to do anything different - it was the peg only . The description has since been changed . I did not feel the help I received when I called with the problem was very professional . I would never buy anything from this company again .
 I ordered what I thought was a saxophone stand with an OPTIONAL peg for my 12 year old son for Xmas . When I got the box on Xmas eve , I thought it looked awfully small , but I wrapped it anyway . You should have seen the disappointed look on my son 's face when all he had to open was a peg for a soprano sax that he does n't own and NO stand to go with it ! I have since reread the product description and it is TOTALLY deceptive ! To me it still implies that I should have received a folding saxophone stand ... not a soprano sax peg ! I have yet to try to deal with the company . If their customer service is any good , they may redeem themselves , but based on the other review , I think all I 'm going to get is a headache !
 After 3 weeks of using the products , certain modes on the drums did not work . It has gotten worse since then and is not an issue of batteries .
 Well ... . Their cheapos ... . if you are serious about playing , fork out the extra 10 bucks .
 I have other harmonica 's but thought I 'd like a set of blues harps . I thought that if it 's made by Hohner , it must be fairly good . Wow , was I wrong . Too hard to push notes through them . I would n't recommend these to anyone .
 I got this set as a gift a while ago . At first when I got it I was excited because here was a set of harmonicas in 7 different keys and they were easy to pack around -LRB- I was on the road very often back then -RRB- . I have stopped playing them all together now.If you are a beginner and are not familiar with the basic anatomy of diatonic harmonicas you should really look into it . It can really help you get the best for you money . As a basic run-down , there are 4 main parts
 Due to the price , I was not expecting much when I purchased this product , just basic set of serviceable harmonicas . Still this set turned out to be somewhat disappointing.All of the harps in the set I received work , but they play very stiff . This is suppose to be a `` blues '' set , but I find it more difficult to get notes to bend on these harps than on most of the other diatonic harmonicas I own.In addition the harps all have textured plastic cover plates that are uncomfortable to slide your lips over while you are playing.One positive thing I can say is the case is nicer than those included with other similar sets I have purchased over the years .
 very poor quality - 3 of them dont work :-LRB- the ones that do work sound great but 3 out of 7 is too many to be defective :-LRB- prepare for extreme disappointment
 at 20 $ that breaks out to about $ 3 a harmonica , it sucks but a $ 3 harmonica would suck anyways so its fair , but it has a nasty plastic taste and smell to it . kinda like the smell of bad paint . the case is pretty good but my lee oskar wo n't fit in it so watch out if you want to buy it for the case
 I purchased this harmonica set to play along with blues radio . Some of the harps work well , others require more breath and still others work well on the ends but do not blow as well in the middle and so forth . Very lightweight , made of plastic ; better to invest in a quality set than this.Comes with a nice padded , two zipper , semi-hatdshell case that wo n't protect the
 they dont last long found myself starting my own collection of different harmonicas after about a week of using these so just spare a little more money to buy a better one may seem like a good idea at first but you 'll realize all you bought was a case
 Only good for children.Should be evident in the ad that they are plastic and of bad quality.Not the usual standard set by Hohner
 You are paying for a soft case that comes with disposable party favors . The included harmonicas have brass reeds but are otherwise completely plastic . Very little of the air you blow will make it past the reed resulting in you blowing until your red in the face to get a squeek out of them . Hohner should remove their name from these.For comparison I have a couple of $ 30 Hohners and my wifes $ 10 Hohner and both are far superior to these .
 The carrying case is great , but the harps , not so much . Cheaply made , very strong plastic-y smell and taste which makes playing them unpleasant to say the least . Only 2 harps in my set worked correctly - the other ones squeaked and sounded all wrong . If you are in the market for a nice carrying case for your harps , then this is a great choice . If you 're looking for an inexpensive set of harps for gigging with or learning on , this is not the set for you . Steer clear .
 Not a bad set , for the price , but certainly needs improvement . Had problems with stuck reeds , out of tune notes -LRB- every harp in the set was a touch sharp -RRB- . Also these harps have pretty large airholes , which makes finding the notes easy , but causes you to reallly work hard to bend and project your sound . Plastic casing has a rough finish , and will leave your lips very chapped and sore after a few minutes of serious playing . The body is also alot thicker than most , making it hard to seat properly at the back of your lips . Would work well for a beginner just looking to explore the instrument , but certainly not good enough for serious musicians .
 These are worth the $ 30 you pay for them , but they just do not stand up to a quality harmonica . I am a beginner player and bought a Hohner C Marine Band harmonic to start out and have been playing that for about 6 months . It was time for me to buy harps in a different key and the 7 harmonicas in this set looked like a good way to get a variety of keys at an affordable price -- and it is . However , after having learned on a Hohner Marine Band harmonica , there is no comparison in quality . The Piedmont set has no where near the tone or sound quality and the amount of wind required to produce the same volume or note is very noticeable . These can not way match the quality of a better harp and there is simply no way to go back . These are fine for the price , but if you want to play for real , get a quality harp like the Marine Band , even if you 're a beginner .
 When I first started to learn harp , I saw these and bought them . I figured , Hey , most of all the keys are used are in the case , so that will save me some money . I found out that the harps are cheap plastic ones , made in China . Yes , they have the Hohner name on them , but these are made in China , not Germany . Not everything made in China is bad , but I feel that when you are a beginner on harp , you need to find a good quality harp , like a Hohner Special 20 or a Crossover or mayby a Lee Oskar , in the key of C , then branch out into other keys . A beginner and pro alike needs a good solid quality harp , one that is airtight , and makes bending easier , which these harps do not . All in all , I would not recommend these harps . The only thing that is worth the money is the nice case they come in . Spend your money on one good harp , and if you want to buy these , give them away to kids to play with .
 These are by far the worst harmonicas ive ever played . The high and low notes dont even play unless you blow real hard into each end . This is more like a gift for a very yound child to play with .
 Had to give this set one star just to get the review to post ... Actually zero.I picked up this set at Guitar Ceneter , thinking that it was a good deal for the price . I was expecting `` pocket pal '' quality . I have to say that I am not pleased with the set . The C harp leaks and everyone of the harps will have to be tuned and gapped . I would not reccomend this set to even the most novice of players , as you will spend most of your time trying to figure out if it is the Harp or you that does n't sound good . Get individual Harps and get what you pay for ... you definitely will with this set .
 This is a sucker buy ! If you are a serious harmonica player , this set is not for you . Bad sound.no endurance . Novice set at best.i retired then after one show !
 This is a nice package but the harps are very poorly made . They are some sort of composite material . The screws fell out of two of them in two weeks and the key `` imprint '' wore off two . They are very lightweight . I like Hohner but not this package
 Four of the harps in this set were bad when i received them , do n't even buy them for beginners I think it will only frustrate and discourage them from playing . The case is nice but thats about it , spend the money on something better
 Cheap toy . Low volume and low quality tone . Cheap , lightweight plastic . Requires more wind than a normal harmonica . If you have ANY experience playing harmonicas or are a musician in ANY capacity spend the money for a better set . If you are looking for a toy for a child to play with you found it .
 The price and case is nice , but the plastic casing of each harp leaves them dull sounding compared to my other harmonicas . I thought I 'd round out my set with all the other keys , but these harps sound like they are playing underwater with no vibrancy . I guess you get what you pay for . Might be okay for a kids starter set , but if you are serious about playing harmonica , look for better quality than this .
 They were in a neat case.In fact the case is the only thing that was really useable.the harmonica 's in the key of c , e , f , g , and bFlat are not useable at all for a complete scale.I would hate to know that someone was using the Hohner name on an item such as what I purchased.I still use a Hohner Marine Band that has been in my posession for the past forty years -LRB- 40 -RRB- .
 Darn , got the Piedmont Blues set from Hohner ... plastic comb . . OK ... plastic shell . . not OK ... cheapy reeds ... Bad ! Thought maybe they sounded bad because of the plastic shell ... so switched out with shell from special 20 ... it fits perfectly but still sounds dull and no volume ! Total bumber man ! Was hoping to find replacement reeds for my Special 20s but no go . The brass reed plates are obviously not of the same quality or thickness as in the other standard harps Hohner offers . These are perfect for kids just learning and that is it ! I will be giving these away .
 I 've played harmonica for 50 years and I own hundreds of harmonicas . The only reason I bought these is because I like to see all harmonicas and I teach harmonica and sell them and give them away . Real harmonica players do n't normally buy cheap harmonicas , which is why there are so many good reviews of this harmonica , they were written by people who do n't really play harmonica.First off , forget about the fact that it says `` Hohner '' . Hohner is one of the oldest harmonica companies , and they were the standard for many years . They 're German . A few years ago they were bought by a Chinese company , so now there are Chinese harmonicas that say `` Hohner '' on them . The German Hohners are still good harmonicas.The case is very nice . However , this is one of the worst playing harmonica I 've ever played . I 've bought hundreds of Chinese harmonica , and this is the worst example I 've seen . They are `` airy '' , it takes a lot of air to make a sound . This might be because the plastic covers are n't smooth , they 're textured and your lips do n't make a good seal on them . The reason for the plastic covers is because they 're lighter . I looked into importing harmonicas from China , and the shipping is as much as the harmonica itself , so making it light is important from a cost perspective.A good player will make it sound good , but he 'll hate playing it . The Hohner Bluesband is another Chinese `` hohner '' , and it 's really quite nice -LRB- they sell them at Cracker Barrel restaurants for $ 5 , but they only have them in the key of C -RRB- . Amazon has them in a set of 7 keys . All the suzukis are good , including the `` easy rider '' , a cheap harmonica.Being easy to bend is not the mark of a good harmonica . One of my favorites , the Golden Melody , is hard to bend . All harmonicas bend . You can play these , I 'm not saying they 're terrible , the only truly terrible harmonicas I 've seen recently were made in India . The case is very nice . But there are better harmonicas in this price range . I 'm Harmonica Bruce on youtube .
 The case is nice but the harps are cheap . I was told they are the best . not true in my case they are not that good . They have failed , plus they have a very nasty smell and taste to them that I dont like so I say pay more for a better harp you will be happy that you did , Thanks From Mad Matt Blues
 Some of the harmonicas were fine , but a few of them came with broken reeds . In addition , the harmonicas did n't last very long at all . I thought it was too troublesome to return it , so I continue to use some of them for practice , but of the seven harmonicas , only two work well now .
 first let me start out by saying that I am a beginner . I bought these harmonicas so that I can learn on them , however that 's not the case . They are not air tight , some notes do not want to play and it takes a lot of air to get something out of it . Also , these harps are made in china and the quality hohner harps are made in germany . Oh , the case is nice .
 First off I did not buy these on amazon . Rather I purchased from Gutiar Center . The price is right for a beginner or established player looking for a cheap A-G set . However I give it two stars because day 2 into playing the G Harp the 7 hole blow became flat . A couple blows and draws later the metal reed cracked off and ruined the entire harp . Another quark with these harps is that they are very light , due to the cheap plastic casing.My suggestion is purchase only if are a beginner or just looking for an A-G set to practice or dabble with.I prefer the Hohner Marines . Pricey but wo n't fail you at a gig.Oh and the case is pretty nice . Just buy it for the case and as the harps start keeling over replace with a decent 30 dollar harp .
 Not even good enough for a beginner . Most of each unit does n't work . Quality is the bottom of the bucket . Waste of money . Never seen such poor quality that suggested it was worth more than a cracker jacks prize . They are going in the trash .
 I was very unhappy with this product . The reeds took for ever to warm up and got stuck offten ! The plates were plastic and very slow was well . it was not an easy slid on the mouth . I would not recommended this to any one . The only good thing about it is the box !
 Most of the harmonicas leak and I find them very hard to play without squeezing them tight ! I am just beginning to learn and did n't need this difficulty . All plastic construction does n't work . You can do better . The case is nice however .
 Dude , they 're plastic . I mean , did it say that ? They feel cheap in your hand mouth . A couple of them just do n't play right . Disappointed .
 Bought this because I only had a Harmonica in the key of C and I wanted a cheap set of a few more so I could play a wider variety of songs . I got ta say , these harmonicas are pretty mediocre . The plastic is pretty cheap . When you open the case they smell strongly of plastic . And some of them had bad holes so not all the harmonicas worked right from the get go . I knew all this going in and bought this anyway , so it really was my bad . I knew I should have just splurged on individual harmonicas . The case is n't even worth the price . I 'd definitely say to skip this product . It 's not even worth it as a practice set . What good is a harmonica that you can barely play cause it wo n't produce proper notes ?
 Was very disappointed with this set . Should have known better when I saw the price . I 've caught better harmonicas than these at Mardi Gras parades off the floats . Waste of time to play but okay to look at and put on the shelf .
 this set is not very good at all , they are hard to make a note , very hard to bend , some notes do n't even play at all stay away until they make better ones 4 of the seven harps do n't play right that is real bad odd
 The case only fits these harps , they are pretty cheaply made . Bending is difficult , and it will trash these harps . Half of them needing adjusting the reeds to even get a sound . Save your cash , get a Suzuki promaster and be satisfied . All metal , chromed , and sturdy .
 I installed this garbage in my computer and suddenly my DVD/CD writer did not work . I would get errors and the program would crash every time I tried making a cd . The product support is lousy . Eventually I had to uninstall it . Waste of money .
 Made several coasters along with crashing my heavy duty PC before I finally dumped it and went back to a standard NERO offering . IMO , you can find a better product
 I 've had this for 10 months , have n't used it much , mainly just copying discs or burning files on them . I 'm really sorry I paid money for this . Most of the discs I 've tried to copy it has hung up and I 've had to cancel the operation and throw away another disc . Best I can tell there is NO customer service.When I researched , it seemed to be either Roxio or Nero , and Roxio had better reviews . How Nero could be worse I just ca n't imagine.Also the program wants me to upgrade . No way .
 It did n't work for me . I bought this a while back and when my computer drive crashed the other day I found it unopened among the software I was reinstalling . I thought cool , I can install it too . Not so cool . Now every time the computer boots or I open the program it crashes stating C++ error , buffer overrun . I ca n't use it and it is nothing but an irritation . I have tried to download updates but that crashes the program too . I checked Roxio 's forums and see a post with my same problem un-addressed for over a month now and with 253 views . Seems I am not the only one with this problem but I ca n't find a solution so I am looking for a replacements program . Shame too cuse it had exactly what I was looking for in services . Oh well . Back to the drawing board .
 I replaced my Monster Cable HT UPS 1000 which worked perfectly until the non-user replaceable battery died.Brand new , out of the box , I charged the J10-BLK for 24 hrs . Battery 100 % . Unit repeatedly shut off when it self-tested battery or operated on battery function alone.Load consisted of LCD TV , Receiver , satellite DVR . APC customer service unable to help . How can a unit rated for 800 watts be unable to handle only 135 ? Thank you , Amazon , for making it easy to return your stuff .
 These picks are so thin that they bend rather than push the string . Not for a serious picker that needs volume . Not for banjo or resonator guitar , an amplified acoustic guitar , maybe . I ended up giving away the pack I purchased , as they were not even usable for banjo picking .
 We ordered this for my 13-year-old daughter . Of course she was very excited because it was pink and appeared to be a good deal since the only other review on Amazon was positive . Unfortunately three of the six tuner heads simply did n't function - they can not be tightened . When we took it to the music store to see how much it would cost to repair it the cost was about what we spent on the guitar . Unfortunately with Austin Bazaar even if they ship you a defective product you must pay the return shipping charges so as you can see we 'll have to give this guitar and Austin Bazaar a one-star review . I could see having to pay the return shipping charges if we simply did n't like the color , but I ca n't believe I 'm required to pay because they shipped us a non-functional product .
 This is my first guitar , so I was n't expecting much . I recieved the guitar , the case , one pick , and the stand -LRB- not all that the picture shows -RRB- . I expected everything the picture shows , so i emailed the company and they agreed to send me everything else . They sent a strap . I gave up after that because it was too much hassle , but that was a dissapointment . The guitar itself had funny spots of messed up -LRB- smudged ? -RRB- paint on it . There was a few dings on it , but over looking that , it plays well and was n't too expensive . -LRB- Well , they sell the same guitar for like $ 30 dollars without the stuff in the picture . So pretty much it comes with what i got . So I reccommend getting that one . -RRB-
 Is Chrissie embarassed of her past ? Why was so much early material omitted ? The dead guys were GREAT !!! This could have been great too if it were more complete .
 So , this is yet another item where the seller has done a suspect lightening job on the product for the item picture and description . The pearl inlay looks turquoise blue , not white/silver as pictured . Honestly amazon 's got to come up with some sort of system to deter people from doing this . The only reason to buy these would be to customize a guitar and consumers are relying on the picture as an accurate account of what 's being sold . I could n't recommend this product to anyone , unless of course you 'd like to waste some money on pins which may/may not coordinate with your guitar .
 I bought these for my Martin D-18 . There pins are made in Mexico for Martin . They are cheap plastic bridge pins that cost about the same as Martin 's solid wood ebony pins . I would recommend skipping these and buying the solid wood pins . If you want white , you will need to search for bone pins that cost about $ 25.00 .
 I bought this Intelli IMT-400 metronome for these reasons
 This product offers a number of features that are usually only found on more expensive metronomes , so it is a good value . However the product is completely unreliable . The drone sometimes plays the pitch indicated on the led screen , and sometimes plays a pitch that is a semitone and a half sharp . The circuit board is constructed terribly . At least once a month a wire becomes disconnected on my metronome and I have to re-attach it with a solder gun . I would advise spending the money on a Korg or a Boss metronome .
 This item gives a loud hitting noise when you speak close to it . but away from it , it is too low . it is unidirectional so you have to try to find which way it works.The swich is at the botttom of handset , which is very awkward to use -- need both hands to operate the switch . and it is easily broken.If you have a defective item , seller is very reluctent for refund -LRB- they will ask for missing items even items you never saw before in your package -RRB- . if you want an exchange , they will do it . Most of the time , if the item is defective , they do not admit it was quality problem . They demand an answer from you
 The shoulder rest I got was defective . The fixed leg was tilted at a mad angle to the rest , so it took a pair of pliers and wrenched the thing perpendicular.The `` adjustable '' leg refused to be pushed or pulled in , despite loosening the tightening screw.Reading over the sparse unintelligible instructions -LRB- they 're written by a non-English speaker -RRB- I found no help so I took out one screw and loosened another , trying to figure it out . It was insufferable as a donkey drugged with sleeping pills . Nothing was budging at all.Eventually I dismantled the whole rest . It took brute force to pull the sliding rod out of the metal tube -LRB- which was bent -RRB- and I replaced the stubborn overly tight plastic mini tube with a wider one I had.I pounded out the metal tube with a mallet , got the sliding rod to edge back in , and after about 2 hours of this rubbish , I finally got the shoulder rest legs to match the picture and work properly.Maybe my shoulder rest was crushed in a warehouse , run over by a freight of circus elephants , but superficially the rest looked fine , like no tire tracks on the packaging , but * something did n't work * - mainly the whole thing !! But the shoulder rest , once you get it working , supports the violin smartly . It is comfortable and firmly grips the violin .
 The clamps on this chinrest wo n't open wide enough for my fiddle , which had a perfectly decent ebony chinrest that was n't designed to straddle the tailpiece as I wished . Alas , the Wittner looked like it might just make it if I scraped off the cork padding . But , no , still not wide enough . Now I have a chinrest without cork pads to donate to my local school . I hope the kids are n't too hard on the chinrest , though , the Wittner is rather flimsy.So ... check to see if it will fit before you buy , and think about spending your money on ebony or rosewood instead of thin plastic with very slender mounting screws -LRB- under those black screw covers -RRB- .
 The GNX3000 appears to work well , although the way you have to press the buttons to get it to do what you want it to do is sometimes very difficult.The GNX3000 manual is clearly an after-thought to the product . It is very sparse , many important terms are not explained , some parts on how to use the GNX3000 are not included , and there is a very limited trouble-shooting section . The procedure that is given for getting the GNX3000 to record to a PC does not work , and there is no help given to resolve this problem.The ProTracks Plus software is even worse . You only get a CD , with no manual . Unbelieveable . How does DigiTech expect you to know how to use the software ? Actually there are some notes about the software in the GNX3000 manual , but it is very limited , with not a single screen shot . We have struggled for a week now to get the recording part of ProTracks to work on our XP PC with no success . Searching the Internet for help on this software did n't help either . You ca n't buy a `` For Dummies '' book on this software yet , but if there was such a book you definitely would need it.There really should be a separate GNX3000 manual and separate ProTracks Plus manual . These manuals need to be much better and more concise than the single manual is now.I guess in the end we bought the GNX3000 because of all the great reviews and the features , but now , having purchased it , we realize we would have been much happier with a product with less features but with better documentation.Update , 24 February 2006 : Three weeks , it is still not working.As to the correct recommendation above from Devin about XP SP2 , I installed the ProTracks software on a new Windows XP with all the latest service packs -LRB- including SP2 -RRB- , all the latest updates and security fixes , all the . NET updates , everything . Despite all this , the software does n't work.I did find a manual for the ProTracks however
 Tweaky pedal , overall . That means that nothing stock sounds very good until you tweak it . It might be OK for home and studio work , but do n't ever use it live . It takes too long to electronically switch between patches . Results in `` dead air '' , so to speak .
 I just put these strings in my Yamaha FG 7005 today and the third string snapped when I was tunning ... the first string ! I 'm sure I know how to tune this guitar , I do it nearly everyday . Maybe these strings are not meant for my type of guitar or they were once good and now turned out to be pieces of crap . I really wished I had either my money back or a new set of strings for free - prefferably strings that do n't snap before I even play them ! : -LRB-
 I have gone through two packs of Martin 's Silk and Steel strings in roughly a month . The issue I have been having is with the g-string . The way I play , I occasionally tune my g-string down to F# in order to play some of my favorite riffs , and now twice in the past month , the g-string has snapped when being tuned back up to G. I really wish these strings were more durable , because I love the way they sound and are perfect for finger-style guitar , but I simply can not recommend them if one of the strings is n't even capable of holding the note it was designed for.BE CAUTIOUS OF THESE STRINGS !
 I was trying to tune the 6th E string -LRB- the first one I replaced -RRB- to a pitch pipe , and it snapped before I reached the right note . I am not a terribly experienced guitar player , so possibly I did something wrong , but it seemed pretty straightforward . I still ca n't play my guitar and will look for another brand .
 These strings look and feel great . I did seem to me , however , that they stretch much more than others I have used . I may have gotten unlucky here , but my D string broke after only 2 weeks of putting these on the guitar .
 These strings feel terrible when you are used do Dada EJ46.I bought them only because they were cheap , and so they look and feel.Tone is not bad , but it 's not playable at all.And did I mention that it has been a week and the tuning is still not stable ?
 I had purchased two sets of these strings as a test , I broke 6 of the strings -LRB- from both sets -RRB- within an hour of putting the first set on my guitar . They had a pretty good sound while they lasted , but when you have to replace them after 20 minutes , its just not acceptable .
 I bought these for my wonderful Yamaha FG700s . I play every day and was hoping to give some rest to my fingers and try the softer tone of nylon strings.I was happy to have found nylon strings that , according to the description , could be used in acoustic guitars for steel strings -LRB- hey ! they even come with ball ends ! -RRB- . I was hopeful that these `` high tension '' would work well but either way decided to be EXTREMELY careful when tuning the strings . I was almost successful , until the E string snapped -LRB- of course had to be that one ! -RRB- . Complete frustration and complete waste of money ! Back to my reliable steel strings.Please do not waste your money and time .
 I purchased two stands for a musical production I recently performed in ; one for my violin and one for my mandolin . I used this stand for my mandolin and twice on stage during performance it tipped - my mandolin crashing to the ground . Luckily no permanent damage was sustained to the instrument . I spent a little bit more money on one for my violin -LRB- thankfully ! -RRB- and I experienced no problems at all . This product could be better designed .
 They are all a nice `` golden '' color as in all of them are bronzed instead of like many where the 1E-4G are bronze and 5b +6 e are n't ... So they look good.Sound is great . Lot of oomph.So why the low rating you ask ? Well ... The amount of strings are ridiculous ... I know that there are many kinds of acoustic guitars but when I trim off over eight inches of string ... Thats just to much for me I guess . Not to mention how hard the extra length makes it to wind ... Also the packaging , be carefull when you take these out , they are in little envolpes three in all -LRB- 1e +4 D 2b +5 A 3g +6 E -RRB- however you ca n't pull out one without the other.How is that bad ? Well they did n't `` wind '' them if you will so you now have three feet of wire unraveling itself where ever you pull them out of . All in all a great set just badly ... designed I guess .
 Having read the other reviews , I agree thesestrings are almost average . The tone is notright . Perhaps Martin thought that if theyduplictaed the 6 string version it would workon a 12 string . Well wrong ! 2 x 6 might equal 12 . . but that 's fine if you are building a house orsomething . Well no ! Just trying to put new stringson a 12 string guitar . . I will certainly purchase D'Addario or similar nexttime . Therefore , fellow reviewers I agree with someand disagree with others . No need for comments inthe box ! Let 's get practising . A Gbmaj13 # 11 is agreat way to begin a song . -LSB- Easy Lover by PhilCollins et al -RSB- .
 I bought these strings thinking that they would be nice since they 're from Martin . But when I got them and put them on my guitar I found that they are the complete opposite of what I expected . They sound like strings that you get on a cheaper guitar and my fingers stick to them when sliding , they even feel cheap . I would not recommend these strings to my friends and I am highly disappointing in this product . After I put them on my guitar I ended up buying a completely different set of strings on here from another company .
 I teach a guitar class and inherited four of these guitars . All four of them have the neck separating at the heel and the bridges pulling away from the body of the guitar . Badly . The guitars are two years old . All of the pick guards are peeling up as well.Do NOT . Do n't even think about it . There are better quality guitars here.BTW , do n't think about Washburn 's brand credibility - these are not built by Washburn but built by a Chinese company for Washburn to fill the beginner market.Do NOT .
 This drum set is for midgets . Just look at the sizes of the drums ! Get a real drum set , do n't waste your money on this toy . Afterall , it IS bought in a toy store ...
 Im serious this things junk it falls apart in a coupleof days i mean if u wan na be a drummer likeme u got have a real drumset.not a peice of junk.I ve beeen playin for 2 years on my pearl and it works perfectly and is minyt conditionstill.I recomend a real drumset from a music storei suggest Pearl sonaror ludwig Hope this helpsu make ur decision !
 first act products are all really cheap , they suck , the quality is very poor if you are looking for something with even a little bit of quality do not buy this set
 Do n't get me wrong -- this is n't a BAD product , but it really is n't very useful , either . I find the dancers are fairly amusing for a while and the analog recorder makes a really easy way to record old tapes , but that 's about it . Also , the recorder ONLY records in proprietary Micro $ oft . wma format instead of offering a useful-for-editing format like . wav . Because of this , the only time I ever use it is when I am feeling lazy and I have it set my recording level for me.I would only recommend this product if :1 . Like me , you can get it `` Free after rebates '' -LRB- do n't forget about taxes and shipping -RRB- . Do n't even think about paying more than $ 5 -LRB- after taxes , etc -RRB- for it .2 . You already know you like a certain feature -LRB- like the dancers -RRB- -- do n't get this hoping for something great because you will probably be disappointed3 . You have a lot of extra space on your hard drive and4 . You have a fast internet connection -LRB- Downloading dancers requires up to 20MB or more PER DANCER ! -RRB-
 Just bought it not worth the hassleIts not very functional without tonnes of MS downloads so dont buy it if you have a 56kb modem like me . I dont want to have to download a tonne of updates , I want functional out of the box.Product Activation should not be on products this cheap , its a waste of my time . I have no problem with activation on Windows and Office because theyre high value products and at least you get to try them out before activating ... This though is a hassle.The digital music converion program only converts to WMA , I expect at least one alternative format such as WAV or MP3 . Bad software in a pretty box .
 Microsoft is getting worse at what it includes in its Plus ! add-on packs . In its Digital Media Edition , it includes such useless stuff as the Dancers , where people dance at the bottom of the screen , and an alarm clock . Like anyone is going to leave their PC on overnight to wake them up in the morning . Why does n't Microsoft include items that the average home user can use , such as DVD software to watch DVDs , or an anti virus -LRB- like they included in Plus ! 98 -RRB- . Another thing to note about this program is that you have to activate it , like you have to do Windows XP which is very , very annoying . If you 're looking to save money , leave this worthless thing sitting on the store shelf . If you 're looking to waste money , well by all means buy this . If your a person who does a lot of sound and music editing , get a more professional piece of software such as Roxio 's Easy CD Creator .
 So . . I buy the the ... program but the activation code does n't work . . I call microsoft who says they ca n't help me they say they have had both piracy problems and wrong activation code problems . . Microsoft says return it to Amazon . Amazon says it is unreturnable because its been opened . Catch 22 ...
 I bought this because it is advertised as the solution to ripping vinyl into digital media . Yes , it rips it , then it gives you a nice UI to MANUALLY TYPE IN the artist , album , AND SONG TITLES . Their media player used to apply this info to a list of 1 . . N tracks . It seems this s/w does not go to their db and gather the info for you . It is a real half hearted attempt . Maybe I expect too much from the largest s/w company in the world .
 As usual , Microsoft comes up with a product that promises more than it delivers.I expected to turn my cassette tape collection into MP3s but could not.Plus ! has an analog recorder all right , but the resulting files are in Microsoft 's proprietary WMA format.Plus ! includes an audio converter . You would think that this converter would enable you to convert your WMA files into MP3 files but it does not.The help file -LRB- a missnomer for any Microsoft help files -RRB- says I can convert to MP3 if I have an MP3 codec installed . If you do n't know what a codec is , get lost!Thank you Bill ! Not only does Microsoft charge 20 bucks for something that should be standard with Windows but it still falls short of what anyone would expect.The recorder splits tracks as it records and lets you splice either ends of tracks . However , Plus ! will not let you splice the end of one track , delete the spliced end , and combine the shortened track with the next track . In essence , you can cut the begining or the end of a track but not take out , say a silence from the middle of a track . How stupid!It is quite frustrating to see Microsoft devote time on mediocre gadgets like these when it has so much catching up to do to make its main applications work properly.Then again , I guess Microsoft is not about making great products , just great money ...
 OK , my major complaint with the last version of Plus ! was that it gave you little to nothing ; mostly demo and watered-down programs . Well , although this version seems to be heading in the right direction , it still offers little in the way of usable add-ons . First , I 'll address Picture Story , since it seems to be the fan favorite . While I love it 's ease of use , the truth of the matter is , you do n't need it . Windows Movie Maker , -LRB- included in XP and ME -RRB- , does the exact same thing and offers greater customization and more special effects options . Best of all , it 's FREE , and offers ME users the opportunity to create `` picture stories '' as well -LRB- Plus ! is now only available for XP -RRB- . Plus ! DME does offer some additional Movie Maker content , however it 's only compatible with version 2 -LRB- another XP exclusive -RRB- . Other than Picture Story , there is really very little of value here . The analog recorder seems like a good idea for cleaning up old LP 's , however I have n't owned a turntable since the late 80 's , so I really ca n't comment on it . The CD label maker is OK ; comparable to the versions supplied with your average burner software . It 's a good solution for those who opt to use Windows XP as their default CD-R/RW burning software . The media player add-ons are OK , mostly new skins and a few security features to keep others from listening to your music , -LRB- although the only use I can immediately think of is maybe keeping the children from listening to anything you might have containing questionable lyrics -RRB- . I do n't plan to convert my MP3 's to WMA , so the converter is useless to me . The dancers and alarm clock lose their novelty after the first 5 minutes . I own a Pocket PC , so the synchronization tools are welcome . It makes converting media files easier and allows you to download media content from the web -LRB- although I have n't yet felt the need to do so -RRB- . All in all , it 's `` ok '' . It 's nowhere near a `` must-have '' item . I would only suggest it if you catch it on sale . P.S. , like all MS products , it also requires activation and is limited to one computer . Just thought that was important enough to add .
 It 's ironic that a software package that costs only $ 20 could still be termed `` a poor value '' . While the intentions behind Plus ! Digital Media Edition were probably to enhance the XP experience , these features should have been included with Windows XP as a patch given the price of XP and the limited features of Plus ! DME.For example , we have Plus Dancer . This program puts a small , pre-recorded dancer on the bottom of your screen who moves with the music selection that you currently have playing . After about 5 minutes my amusement with this feature was gone . Some of the other features are useful if you are into photo or music editing , but there are far better tools out there , and many are free.The only feature that I have ended up using was the Alarm Clock . It is moderately useful as I prefer choosing an MP3 track to wake me up , rather than a buzzer or an annoying early morning DJ.If you are hardcore into photos and music and need something cheap to enhance your projects , this MIGHT be worth picking up . Otherwise , just hit the Net and look for some decent share.ware
 When you purchase this online via Microsoft you are greeted with a 38.6 MB file full of nothing but junk . The only thing you are doing by purchasing this software is helping Microsoft test product activation . Regular plus for Windows XP is worth more then this . All you get is a bunch of demo oriented stuff . I would not buy this .
 I was looking forward to this package because of the `` Party Mode , '' which `` Transforms your PC into a full-featured party jukebox . '' That is the most misleading statement I have ever seen on a Microsoft product . `` Party Mode '' is basically a media player add-on that keeps people from accessing your other files while it 's running.A jukebox program -LRB- such as eJukebox from AudioSoft -RRB- lets people browse by artist , genre , album , etc. - and then add files to a dynamic playlist . That 's not what this program does . If you double-click on a song , it stops the one currently playing and begins the song you clicked on.This program : - Does n't display cover art,-Has a complicated interface,-Doesn ' t give complete song info,-Let users exit by simply clicking the `` x '' , If you 're looking for a jukebox program , this is n't it . If you 're thinking of using this program as a jukebox , save your money and just click `` full screen '' on Windows Media Player .
 Preliminary reviews and the box for this product tell you it only works on Windows XP . But it does n't tell you it can only be used with the latest version of Windows Media Player ; there are other competing products around.For me the real stopper came when I found out that you ca n't even install Plus until you have version 9 of Media Player . Until now , I 've been happy with version 8 , and I am reluctant to update to version 9 since it wo n't allow you to return to version 8 if problems occur.I wanted to try the analog to digital features of Plus , but I 'm afraid this will stay in the box until and unless I decide to risk the upgrade to version 9 of Windows Media Player . Sigh !
 Although many of its stuff are pretty fun to use and creative , but after all , it is not really a `` must '' have item . and though its only 18 bucks , still seems a bit expensive for its actual usage .
 So I bought this thing , based on the reviews and the price , mainly to do a slide show from our last vacation photos.I really like the product -LRB- that the slide show -RRB- BUT THERE IS NO WAY TO SAVE YOUR WORK AS YOU GO . You have 1 shot at it , once you are done and that 's it . Guess what , I spent a day building a slide show with sound and music . Did generate the show a few times , being carefull to not exit at that would ` close ' the project for ever . Decided to add one more slide , generated the slide show and bang , the app crashed ... + / - 6 hours of work down the drain -LRB- sound a lot , but by the time you add voice and music bit on 120 photos time flies by -RRB- . Think twice before byuing this thing ... -LRB- by the way ther rest of the utilities are fairly useless specialy those dancers ... -RRB-
 Lot of Filler . I 've gotten free downloads from Microsoft with more value . Who is going to hook up their PC in the living room for a party ? If you do n't like Moviemaker -LRB- which stinks -RRB- , the extras are useless.Hmmmm . Alarm Clock ?!? Who sleeps by their computer ... -LRB- Okay , some of us do -RRB- . Need I say more ?!?!
 I have had to work with 2 ... They have short reeds so a great deal of metal is remove from each reed to get the tuning close on each note & close is often all you get . The reed plates thin and the plastic comb is weak , It bends -LSB- before breaking -RSB- much to easily , therefore the so a good air tight seal is not likely . Any entry level Hohner will be easier to play and last longer so will be a better bet for someone starting out .
 you get what you pay for with this model ; contrary to what someone else said - it is NOT easy to play ; you really have to blow into it ; a few of the really high and low notes are poor compared to better quality harps ; perhaps if it is just for a practice harmonica , the low price wont hurt , but , then again , you might want to practice on a harp with a better sound
 They sound halfway decent for the first day or so , then they go flat . Alright for a use once and throw away $ 2.00 harmonica .
 This one is a toy , but might be enough in that regard to satisfy a kid 's need to tootle.If you wan na play the Chicago Blues -LRB- or any kind of real music -RRB- you 're gon na need a Hohner Special 20 -LRB- at least -RRB- .
 I love the snowball microphone . It does all that it is supposed to do . The Ringer is a sharp looking item which also does what it is supposed to do . The problem I have had with the Ringer is the thumb screw on the side . It is made of a soft metal and broke easily . All I need to make my Ringer work is a new thumb screw . I have REPEATEDLY emailed and explained the problem and requested a new thumb screw , which they have happily agreed to send me . But nearly six months later , I still do not have the simple thumb screw and I still am unable to use the Ringer with my Snowball . Recently , I have needed another microphone and I thought I would get the Baby Blue Bottle condenser mic , but after the awful experience I have had with Blue , I wo n't buy one . A company can have a great product but if they ca n't deliver on basic customer service , then they can not get my repeat business . I would not even be making this review if I had simply received a thumb screw so I could use the Ringer . Therefore , if you buy this product just be aware that if you have even a small problem you will be on your own to solve it .
 -LRB- update at the bottom -RRB- Do n't get me wrong
 This looked like a good product and a great match for the Snowball microphone . However , upon fastening the Snowball to the center ring microphone mount , I noticed a rattling noise anytime the assembly was moved . Turned out the metal bracket that the microphone mounts to was wobbly in the center -LRB- isolated -RRB- ring and would make a rattling sound if the shockmount was moved in the slightest . Tightening the screws that hold the mount to the inner ring seemed like a good idea except that the design kept things from clamping tighter together . Adding shims would have solved the problem but seems inappropriate given the price of this shockmount.Since zero stars is not an option , I rate this product a one star and have returned it .
 The shock part of this is fine , but the mount part needs a lot of work.Problem 1 -RRB- Once locked in , the mount part of it wobbles back and forth . It 's loose and no amount of tightening will fix it , looks like they tried already and stripped out the screws at the plant . Now Blue was very accommodating and sent me a new one which is better but it still will wobbles about a 1cm back and forth at the top . I ended up using some super glue to stop this . At home this is ok , but in a studio or regular recording use it probably wo n't stand up for long.Problem 2 -RRB- The swivel arm , you just cant get it tight enough . The screw is made of very soft metal and the swivel is flat metal on flat metal so it never really gets right enough and a good push will knock it over . Once it 's on a mic swivel arm I do n't think it will last long . It might but I 'm not sure.Pro * It does the isolation part well and if I can keep it immobile it will do a fine job , just needs an update -LRB- version # 2 ? -RRB-
 I picked this up along with the Blue Snowball microphone and I 'm quite disappointed . It 's made of solid construction , but the locking mechanism is terrible . It wo n't hold the weight of the Blue Snowball microphone and after twice watching my mic smack the table due to the lock mechanism slipping , I refuse to use it anymore.Also , when I was taking the Snowball out , it was a little hard to unthread it due to how the thread mechanism works . If you try it , DO NOT tighten the Snowball down very much or you 'll have an awful time trying to get it back out.Overall I ca n't recommend the product , at least for the Snowball . It looks great , feels great , but it ca n't handle the weight of the Snowball reliably .
 The outer ring is very loose and unstable where it joins the stand mounting bracket . This allows the outer ring to rock back and forth , which IMO negates the benefit of the shock mount . Everything else looks find . The vendor has agreed to send me a refund after I send it back . He thinks that they 're all like this . This seems like a real oversight on the part of the manufacturer .
 I had a similar experience as another reviewer . The thumb-screw is for crap . Because the whole assembly is so heavy , you need to put a lot of pressure on that screw if your mic is n't in a straight-up-and-down position . I used the Blue as one of the mics I for recording a guitar , so I bend it over and twist it around a lot . It was very difficult to get it tight enough by hand , and eventually that little leaf just twisted away . The whole assembly is ruined because of that little piece of garbage metal . Unlike the other reviewer , I ca n't just replace the screw -LRB- because of where mine broke -RRB- . So my only option is to get a new one . Which I will because the mic is great . But I wo n't be giving Blue more business , I think .
 I bought mine a few years back , but I am so disappointed with the Blue Ringer . When Blue products hit the market , they seemed fantastic , but the quality has really gone downhill since the early days . Like others have said here , the Ringer does not stay stable and rocks back and forth where the mount connects to the ring . There is a small gap there that can be stopped up with a folded Post-It note or by tightening the two screws on the bottom of the ring , but any fixes to keep the Ringer from rocking are only temporary . The soft aluminum on the mount and thumbscrew are easily stripped . Worst of all , I could not get the microphone to `` center '' properly -- if I screwed on the mic enough that it does n't rotate anymore , the front of the mic points toward the side of the Ringer ! The nub underneath that is supposed to set the mic into the proper position was so tight it could n't be turned -LRB- loosened or tightened -RRB- , and I ended up chewing up the soft metal with channel locks to see if I could correct the position , and still no dice . Eventually I gave up and chucked it in the garbage .
 I had the same experience as at least two of the other reviewers here.Used the thumbscrew a whopping 3 times , and the tab broke right off . Soft metal , bad weld.Now , the only way I can use it is to hang it upside-down from a boom stand .
 JUST RECIEVED THIS PIECE OF JUNK CHORD FINDER , IT S THE WORSE ITEM IVE BOUGHT ONLINE.I WOUNDNT ACCEPT IT EVEN IF IT WAS FREE , ITS HECKA SMALL AND CANT HARDLY SEE THE LITTLE TINY 1X1-1 / 2 INCH SCREEN LET ALONE THE KEY CHORDS THERE SHOULD BE A LAW AGAINST FOOLING OR MISLEADING THE PUBLIC WITH ITEMS SUCH AS THIS . THE BATTERY IS MORE VAULABLE THEN THE PRODUCT ITSELFON A SCALE OF ONE TO TEN I GIVE IT A MINUS 1SHAME ON YOU
 Reviews are 100 % correct ... Just turn away now !!! Received mine DOA . Was so mad I decided not to send it back just so I could burn it and iss on the ashes .
 DO NOT BUY THIS WORTHLESS PIECE OF C# ## ! It should be Amazon 's responsibility to try to keep garbage such as this away from the public . Yes , it is a matter of `` buyer beware ! '' , but I thought this applied to some rip-off artist in some alleyway , not to a so-called legitimate web site . The public can not fully judge an item by its appearance on a computer screen
 I was disappointed when I received the Akai KCF1 Keyboard Chordfinder . The screen is virtually impossible to read . The instructions are virtually useless . The idea is good , but the actual product is not .
 I bought this because it was cheaper than the other chord finders , but I returned it right away . It 's impossible to see the screen ! I experimented with the lighting to no avail . It went back the next day .
 The item was of inferior quality and was difficult to get to work . I returned the item for a refund .
 IT WAS SO SMALL , NOT AS THE PICTURE SHOWED . COULD NOT EVEN GET IT TO TURN ON . I THREW IT IN THE TRASH . IT WAS N'T WORTH THE HASSLE OF RETURNING IT .
 took the device out of the package to find the batteries were corroded so bad that the access swelled to the breaking point . cleaned it up and purchased new batteries but still dont work . a very bad product ...
 Hi i ordered the stuff and now opened them battery is totally dead i hope is that and not that the item is not good will have to get battery change to see
 This violin is a piece of crap . Its plastic where there should be wood . DO NOT BUY THIS , IT WILL BE A WASTE OF YOUR MONEY AND YOUR TIME !!!!!
 Tuning Fork C256 is extremely poor quality . It brokeafter its second use .
 I bought two c256 tuning forks from IBRN one which worked fine but the other made a tinny sound and was clearly non functional upon arrival . When I spoke to the company they said I had to send the product back in order to get a replacement . The cost of sending it back is more than the product itself - not to mention the hassle ? This is a bad way to run a business , I wo n't buy from IBRN again .
 Forgive me for being a purist but when you advertise that a tuning fork has is c256 , you should deliver one that is c256 , whether the buyer intends to use it medically , musically , or as a doorstop ! I suggest that the seller advertise the merchandise as `` somewhere in the approximate neighborhood of c256 '' . That would at least be honest .
 I purchased this item new ... but that is not what was received at all . Purchased this because our band needed it for a concert . Was extremely disappointed in the product .1 . Chimes had dirty fingerprints covering entire chimes .2 . chimes had dust and dirt on them .3 . Some chimes were bent and unplayable .4 . Chimes were n't even close to being in tune .5 . bar holding chimes was broken and the screw to screw it into the top of the barbell was stripped and too short.I was very upset and we 'll have to find something else for our concert to use.The only good thing about it was that it was delivered in the appropriate amount of time .
 I bought this whistle based on the product description of it being a loud siren noisemaker . Instead , it makes a -LRB- passable -RRB- wheeeeeeeee ! sound as in the old Looney Tunes cartoons when a machine malfunctions . I used this whistle for -LRB- at most -RRB- seven times , when it stopped working ! In another product description on amazon , it states that this item is made with `` a watchmaker 's precision . '' The watchmaker must have been asleep at the switch when this one was made . Supposedly , cyclists in England used to blow this whistle in order to clear the road ahead of them . The sound will only produce laughter if you tried it in the U.S. . For forty two dollars , I recommend any other whistle -LRB- i.e. the Acme thunderer -RRB- besides this one . I sent this whistle back for a replacement ; the company refunded my purchase price instead .
 the mixer does not have a way to connect to a pc unless you disconnect the CD players and use the numark DJ IO , not worth the hassle got rid of it and purchased a Numark MixPro
 I 'm a musician , so my expectations going into the transaction were fairly low ; however , my knowledge of First Act as a decent manufacturer led me down the path of hope . Um , yeah ... I think these bongos are more of a Last Act . While the wood construction seems pretty solid , the bongo heads were really bad . And given that these are often given to children , it would be nice to have removable `` feet , '' which would allow small children to set them on a table or the floor and still get some sort of resonance.If you just want something for the kids to bang on , they 're fine . But if you harbor any hope of your child being inspired to create music , spend the dough and get entry-level `` real '' bongos .
 What can I say about Mark II except that they are the lowest quality I have ever seen ? I own a set of Mark II drums that I bought brand new for about $ 250 , a five-piece -LRB- the box said ten piece , because it counted every cymbal , the stand , and the pair of sticks as pieces -RRB- metallic red set with the worst crash and hi hat I 'd ever heard.At the time I had never been in contact with a good drum set , just the bad set our church used -LRB- also Mark II -RRB- , so I did n't know that I had such a bad product , I just knew I was getting a full drum set for less than three hundred bucks.The worst thing about the set , however , is the sticks . The Mark II sticks the set came with were nothing short of horrible . Instead of the nice pressed hickory sticks I use now , these things were made of some kind of very soft wood . The result ? The already crappy Mark II crash cymbal made almost no sound at all when it was hit , and the wood itself began to break down and leave big white marks on the drum heads.Word of advice to drummers
 I purchased this stand for my teenage daughter . It did not last a year . I would not recommend this product .
 The favorable reviews on this guitar must be from the manufacturer , independent seller or from buyers who do n't know how to play guitar . I 've been playing guitar for over 10 years . We got this one for our niece for x-mas and i spent 30 minutes trying to tune it to no avail.do not buy this junker ! Spend about 30 or 40 more dollars and by a Squier or a Johnson .
 We are not happy with this guitar at all . We bought it because it is listed as a quality instrument @ a retail price of $ 129.00 . It would not tune without cracking & popping . It has black paint smeared on the pink paint . It has black paint not even finished on the trim . It is not as advertised . We feel that we should get a 100 % refund without a restock fee , due to very substandard quality . My wife teaches guitar & she says it is an unplayable instrument at any cost .
 This guitar is extremely bad . It is a waste of time and money . It is very poorly made , the strings are terrible , as are the tuning pegs . This is a horrible `` guitar '' , go somewhere else with your money.I also had a bad experience with the seller , who did n't answer my emails urgently when I needed to , but answered within a couple hours for each subsequent email .
 Iam not happy with this company because i ordered a guitar on June 8th 2009 and yet to recieve it yet and ups hasnt recieved it at all to bring it to my house and also you would think that they would send it the next day but they didnt and they also lost my packages to send to ups so iam very upset with this company and good luck to anybody that orders from them every again and trying to get a hold of them is like pulling teeth because you cant even talk to anybody from the company to complain about anything they tell you that you have to email them to get a hold of them .
 When i ordered it i was very excited to get it . It came the day after the estimated day and when i recieved it wasnt very impressed . I had issues tuning it so i brought it in to get tuned when the store tuner said it wasnt even a real guitar right away i sent an e-mail to return it back and get a refund . I was over all disapointed in this item . The gig bag was awful , the guitar itself was okay but the strings were too high off the guitar and because of that i could not play any of the chords .
 Thank god i did not pay $ 129.00 for this guitar . Paint is not so glossy with splotches of black all over neck of guitar . Seems poorly made and not sure how to attach the strap -LRB- i think there is a button missing ? -RRB- . The pitch pipe is garbage ! Pretty but nothing more than a toy !!!! I am afraid to ask my brother to try to tune this !!!!!!!
 When i never received this item and had to inquire about it , the seller just refunded money and I had to purchase a different guitar . I would really think twice about buying from them again . They do n't seem to be on top of things . The item -LRB- once received after the second purchase -RRB- is kinda cheap but a good starter guitar . I am giving this item 1 star because of the company inwhich it was purchased from . All items advertised were received .
 the stand was flimsy , but more importantly a wing nut was missing and the stand would not stay up . this was a gift and i was very unhappysharon burdge
 Not an heirloom . After a couple of years it could no longer be tuned . I was told that it was not repairable . I supposed it was inexpensive as instruments go and I can purchase another to replace it .
 The supplier I ordered it from was out of it and evidently did n't plan to restock .
 Avoid like the plague . I 've had this thing about 5 years now , i 'm on my 3rd fader already . I 'm not big on scratching either , but these faders wear out hella fast . Also , Numark has stopped carrying replacement faders , so have fun finding another.A couple of more things : My effects button on the main line -LRB- little silver button -RRB- ... dead within 2-3 yearsSeveral effects buttons on the main board ... not working -LRB- or sometimes -RRB- within 3-4 yearsDirty EQ pots ... within 2 yearsAfter every use , I even covered it with a shirt to prevent dust buildup.I had high hopes for this mixer as my last Numark mixer lasted 5 years before any problem . Everything is set up nicely and is very fun mixer . The CDJ fader start worked with my Pioneer CDJ-200 . You can even use effects on your sample too . The only thing I wish it had was a L/R balance on each channel instead of only one on the main channel.If you buy this , start saving your money for a new mixer right away . You 'll have fun for a bit , but little by little things will start failing on you . I 'll be getting a Xone 62 or 92 soon ... or maybe even a Pioneer .
 Sadly , I have to revise my previous review , and I * am * going to use something else . I 've recently been having problems with the lower screw -LRB- that holds the legs in place -RRB- slipping . This is not good when you hang your nice guitar up , and come back five minutes later and realize that the legs are flopping all over the place . I do n't know what the problem is mechanically , but I 've tried screwing the screw in as tightly as I possibly can , and it 's still iffy . The stand is about 10-15 years old . Sadly , I think it 's going to be relegated to my basement , as I no longer consider it reliable enough to bring on gigs . I 've just ordered one of these -LRB- based on Amazon reviews -RRB- and will be trying it out over the winter : Ultimate GS100 Support Genesis 100 Guitar Stand -LRB- previous review follows -RRB- This is the best guitar stand I 've ever used.It 's sturdy.It folds up very small.It 's very stable.It 's only one piece.I 'll never use anything else again .
 Just received this today and I was expecting greater things from Luna and especially the Aurora model . I found some very good reviews online and can not believe that people were commenting on the same guitar . # 1 Neck is bowed to make the upper half of the fretboard unusable . Truss rod adjustments were useless # 2 The fret markers were paper stickers that started to peel off from the humidity in the air before my daughter even had a chance to play it . # 3 The fretboard looks like it was badly damaged when they filed down the fret ends and was then painted over with a sharpie.This is more of a toy than anything that you could find at a dollar store .
 When I rolled it on a flat surface , it was bumpy ! The sticks are n't even straight . I do n't know what to say , I think it was the shipping but I 'm not happy ! I would n't recommend it .
 These sticks are far too short . Not much can be done with them in the way of power and velocity . What anyone was thinking at Promark when they decided this would go into production is beyond me .
 Pakistani-made bagpipes . That 's all I have to say to that . They do not tune well , are very cheaply machined , and have poor tone . The chanter is tuned very flat . You could n't play in a band with one of these . Not a bad concept , as bagpipes are very expensive , but it 's better to wait a bit and spend your money on a good instrument .
 First off , you learn to play bagpipes with a practice chanter . Bagpipers do not start off on bagpipes . Also , very few of these rosewood Pakistani pipes are playable . Do your research . Yes , you will pay much more for the real thing , but will doom yourself to failure with cheap junk . These pipes are usually just good for wall-hanging or props . If you want to learn to play the pipes you first need to buy a quality practice chanter from a reputable manufacturer . You also need too find a competent instructor . Do yourself a favor and check out any local pipe bands , especially those who are members of competitive associations . Many such bands offer free instruction . Some instruction is also available over the internet via Skype . Otherwise , check with one of the many online piping specialty shops about a quality practice chanter , books , and videos . Local music shops may offer to help by ordering instruments , but are in reality clueless -LRB- ask if they play and for how long -RRB- . You wo n't need a set of pipes until you can competently play several tunes on a practice chanter . Do n't doom yourself from the beginning with cheap junk and poor or no instruction .
 Generally , if you see Pakistan as the origin of ANY bagpipe-related gear , best to just avoid it . I 've been a piper more than 30 years and have yet to see anything from that part of the world which was not fit only for display over the fireplace -- or kindling in it . A good chanter reed these days will cost about $ 10 US ; there 's no 2 ways around it , and there are any number of reputable piping sources online , all across the US as well as Scotland and Canada . A decent set of pipes will cost in the $ 1000 range , so if you see a set going for 2 or 3 hundred somewhere -- do n't even bother . Even a decent used set is worth in the $ 600 range -- at least . Same with chanters alone -- a good plastic chanter will run about $ 150 , blackwood about $ 100 more than that . So again , if you are seeing pipe chanters selling for $ 50 -- yes , it is too good to be true . You will be buying junk.Also , bagpipes can be extraordinarily difficult to learn on your own . I am very leery of `` Teach Yourself the Pipes ! '' kits -- especially those originating from far corners of the world , many of which illegally duplicate copyrighted material from proper tutor books . It is best to find a reputable piper in your area and take personal lessons ; ideally with a band .
 I was hoping this would fit my Yamaha S-90 so I used a tape measure before buying this product . I am very glad I did that first.Amazon lists the * inside * dimensions of the cover as 48 '' by 16 '' . -LRB- The elastic/string that borders this cover is presumably smaller than that so it will stretch over/under and ` hug ' the keyboard . -RRB- But if you measure ONLY the keybed of a piano-sized keyboard from the low A to the high C it is exactly 48 inches . Again , I measured only the white keys , nothing outside that.Assuming the dimensions provided by Amazon are accurate , then if your keyboard has end panels , and maybe even a pitch bend/mod wheel combination on the end , there is no way this cover will fit . My S-90 is 54 '' by 15 '' overall , and its pitch/mod wheel assembly is toward the back/left corner , not to the left of the keys.Can someone who owns this cover please provide a different way of looking at this ? Because based on what I know so far I can not order this product for an 88-note keyboard , and would discourage anyone from doing so.It * might * just barely work for digital pianos that do n't have anything but thin end caps on each side of the keyboard . Surely the company must have made sure it fit SOMETHING . But what?The picture they show for this cover uses a keyboard with a joystick and a floppy drive . That is probably a very large , early sampler or workstation , not one of the electronic pianos you see at Best Buy or Costco these days.Pity . I could really use a cover like this .
 If you are lucky to received a good , yes , keep it . But if you have any problem with product , ANTonline wo n't let you return it . I had bad experience with them . Wo n't buy anything from them any more . Amazon is good . But read all the fine letters , before place order from ANTonline . Amazon wo n't back you up either . STOP !!!
 This maybe will fit the 76 keys keyboard , but that would be a strectch too . However , for the 88 key of a keyboard , it barely lays across the keys . I do not recommend this case for an 88 keys keyboard .
 I bought this for my Fantom G8 . Bad move ! It does n't even come close to fitting . As a matter of fact I can not see what 88-key keyboard it would . When I put it on and lay it flat there is still an octave and a half of keyboard left to cover . Stretching it still leaves me with a half and octave before the other end slips off . I suppose this helps someone and I like the construction of these covers , but give us a heads up on what keyboards will not fit .
 Now I uderstand what stretchy means in the product name.I trusted the previous feedback about there were two different sizes , and I should get the correct one . However I was wrong.The 1648 means the size is 16 * 48 , the stretchy mean you can stretch to fit the 88 keyboard.By the way , I have a Kawai MP6 , 14 * 54 . It will fit if streth to the maximum size , but obviously , it will not last long that streth too much . I will return it .
 The product description claims that the size of the cover is 59.1 x 23 inches but when the package arrived the actual size is 48.0 x 16.0 inches.I had purchased this cover to fit my Yamaha DGX-640 that 's 59 x 21.8 inches.It 's being returned
 I used this item once . The next time I went to play my guitar , it was gone ! I 'm not sure when and where it fell off because I never found it . I installed it correctly , but apparently it did n't grip in place well enough . Maybe I received a defective one that did n't grip as well , but for me , the experience was less than satisfactory .
 It consistently falls off my instrument and does not hold the pick securely so I have to go looking for both so the dogs do n't chew them into shreds . The Wedgie picks I use regularly but they do not fit into the holder . In the end it was a waste of money as I 've given up trying to use it .
 this thing is small . if you place it between the 3rd & 4th strings , d & g , it goes all the way down to the nut . too small . fine for an electric , where all the tuning knobs are on the same side , but too small for guitars with 3 knobs on each side . it will work , but not in the middle . i would not buy this again .
 The first unit arrived with a dead right channel . Amazon did a great job shipping out a replacement and providing for return shipping ! Super easy and no hassle , thanks Amazon!The replacement unit arrived quickly , in working order . I 'm disappointed by the poor sound quality . As the other reviews note , it is noisy ! There is a background static hum , that increases from channels 1 to 4 . Channel 4 is annoyingly noisy.It is cheap and works well enough for a live/loud recording session , just do n't expect that you will have the same quality sound that you would get from the mixing board or IO device .
 I had these on my wish list and they were given to me as a gift . They are obviously hand made , though they are poorly matched
 Seeing all the glowing 5 star reviews , I bought some to replace my Vic Firth 5As . These Pro-Marks are skinnier , lighter and do n't feel as balanced . Not only that , one stick was slightly out of true -LRB- slight bend near fat end of stick -RRB- . I 'm going back to Vic Firth 5a . What the heck was I thinking .
 I used to play out a lot ... not so much any more but it is frustrating to load up and have compartments that wont zip closed . The bag itself is made of sturdy material , but once the zipper jumps its track there is no way to get it back in line . The zippers are not metal which is surprising for what I expected would be a tough long lasting bag . The side pocket sipper is totally shot . The circle pocket on the other side has frayed stiching around the zipper and will fail in the near future.I have had this for several years , but I take care of my stuff . I am currently looking for a replacement and this one came up in my search . This is not one I will get again . This is supposed to be upscale , and is n't cheap . Zildjan are the best cymbals in the world by far , but they should be more careful what they put their names on ...
 This is not fitting the viola and is basically useless . Returning it is a hassle . Do n't buy this product . I 'd prefer to go to a music store and buy it .
 It is a slip cover which goes over the mic , thankfully my previous one was just cracked so I could use this . But , it covered the power button , so it was not best case scenario .
 You know those little cloth squares you get to clean your glasses when you buy a new pair ? Here 's another one of those .
 The company never delivered the light and mirror ball , which was supposed to be a present . When I contacted the company , they told me that they had mailed it and that they would n't offer a refund . Why would they treat someone like this ? I 'll heading to my bank to have them remove the charge . What a lousy company . Thanks for ruining a birthday present !
 Be advised that this product is petroleum distillate ! It 's better purpose IMO is for machinery not musical instruments . Bore oil is so named for its use in drilling -LRB- boring -RRB- into hard surfaces in order to disperse heat , as heat and its resulting expansion properties may destroy the object bored or otherwise fall to produce the desired tolerances of the bore . Although natural oils have undesirable side effects such as oxidation leaving a sticky buildup or coating over time - IMHO natural oil such as almond is better alternative for musical instruments .
 I made the mistake of playing this like one of those ibo drums . Big mistake . I stood up at my drum set holding the rim and thumping the side hole ... seconds later I had the rim in hand and shards of the drum were all over the drum booth and my snare . It 's an okay and cheap jug , but it is NOT sturdy and it is not fired . It ca n't hold up its own weight from the rim . If you baby it , it 's probably worth the $ 20 or so it costs .
 I have purchased a beginner violin before and the quality was n't bad . Maybe it 's just this model or this particular violin - the pegs are plastic and the violin gets out of tune quickly . It comes with two bows , both of them are horrible , even compared with my other beginner violin.I have to return this violin . Amazon 's return service is super !
 The specifications sounded perfect and the pictures looked great . The price point was right . And for a beginner student , it was cheaper than renting a violin from the stores recommended by the school . I fell for the trap . A big mistake . The violin arrived all wrapped up . My daughter was excited to open the package . I tried to set it up after looking at some videos on the Internet but it would not . The bridge would fall , the strings would not get the right tension . I sent it over to the teacher and I was told how useless this instrument was - the bridge , the strings , the bow , the tuning knobs , the overall shape of the body and alignment of the f 's were all wrong and that it was simply unusable . I returned it the next day . Amazon was prompt with the pickup and credit back to my account . I eventually ended up renting from a local area store . Definitely a NO buy .
 The Cecilio 3/4 size violin is very poor quality and in not good for playing . I wo n't recommend anybody to purchase this violin .
 I 'm a music teacher and I see these instruments in my studio all the time . I can not stress enough that these are instruments are of VERY POOR QUALITY . The tuning pegs are very cheap and slip at the slightest touch . The fine tuners are even worse . Most students who come to school with an instrument like this have to end up going back to the store and renting an instrument after purchasing these ! Please please stay away !
 Worst violin ever ! I have seen child violins that are better . Do n't think about it . Waste of money ! The strings are low quality , peg box is chipped , varnish comes of easily , bridge is slanted , and a cracked fingerboard !
 Most disappointing purchase . The specs . sound right , but the sound , even after a year is horrible . Unfocused buzz-saw tone with wolf notes all over the place . I have had this violin professionally set up twice -LRB- tone bar adjustments , Zuex strings etc. . . -RRB- and the results never change . A bag of kittens thrown into a rusty wood chipper would sound more musical than this poor excuse for a stringed instrument . Last time I will ever order a music instrument over the internet . I wish I had spent a little more and bought an instrument that I could enjoy playing .
 My goodness what a mistake to buy this Electric Cecilio over the Internet . It looks real nice -- brilliant red colour -- pretty.So I take it out of the case and `` twang '' `` twang '' `` twang '' three strings break right away . The last string lasted only 15 minutes and later and it went too . I get some pretty expensive new strings and Oh my goodness what an awful sound . Like a piles of cats screaming in a confined space . Bought even different strings and a new bow and nothing different -- HORRIBLE.I already have a Skyinbow and Fender FV-1 and the sound is nice , I just thought I would go a bit smaller in size for better control -- what a terrible mistake . I will save my money and go for another Skyinbow -- Wonderful instrument.Best advise -- go to a fiddle store -- specializing in violins , cello 's , whatever -- try it out and make sure you like everything about your new instrument -- the feel on your chin , the size of the violin , and of course the sound in different environments , like inside a room , in a bigger room -- even outside -- and of course if electric , with the headphones on . One thing about the Skyinbow -- great but a wee bit loud -- but I can calm it down . With the Cecilio there is no hope.Best thing to do to learn the violin -- RENT !! Get good and buy good when you are ready to move up a level .
 I ordered this violin and two days later , I receive the box and inside it , was a 4/4 viola . I was pretty sure the item I ordered was a violin . After getting the viola , I rechecked this page and I was right . I ordered a violin NOT a Viola .
 These cheap Chinese made violins look OK opening the box , but they 're strictly beginner 's material . My daughters needed to upgrade after 1 year , and the supposedly higher-grade models are absolutely no better.The other reviews I read here look suspicious -- seller or manufacturer padding ?? Take your chances on one of these if you want , but read the return policy VERY carefully .
 Do not buy this violin , you are not getting anything for your money . This violin -LRB- or at least the one they sent me -RRB- is better used as a nice wall piece . The nut is too low so the strings sit right on the mishaped fingerboard . Not to mention that the nut is also un-even . The pegs are too short and do not fit the peg box correctly . One bow was strung to tight which warped the wood making it difficult to play with and the other bow 's skrew is stipped which makes it a hit or miss if you can even tighten it . The fine tuners hardley do there job and the strings come out of toon very easily . When tuned playing the strings open sound good , but try playing other note ... it probably is not going to happen . This may just be a case of me getting a jacked up violin , but there is no reason that this ` unplayable violin ' should have made it past inspection .
 This is without a doubt the worst violin I have ever had the displeasure of playing . The violin looks nothing like the way it did in the pictures , the strings sounded annoying , of the fine tuners three were broken , the violin feels like plastic , the craftwork was mediocre . One day I took off the strings to replace them and the fingerboard fell off ! And if it ca n't get any worse , the piece holding the tail piece popped off and it was hell putting it back in . When I replaced the strings with some quality fourty dollar strings , the violin still sounded like garbage ! Do n't be so quick to buy a violin , save your money and buy from some better brands . Remember , you get what you pay for ...
 I live in a condo . When I first started playing I would use the mute . First time I played without the mute , `` OUCH '' ! Sounds like your playing a tin can . Replaced the strings with expensive ones , still sounds like crap . Best advice do n't buy over the net .
 I bought my Cecilio a year ago , I have had a luthier replace the bridge , the strings and move the soundpost and it still sounds terrible . I wish I would have visited the flea market and got an old beater upper fixed it up for what I have invested in this one .
 esta cuerdas de bajo no ofrecen calidad ni en su sonoridad ni su resistencia . Su precio es bajo pero en el futuro prefiero pagar m&agrave;s y obtener un producto de calidad musicalThis bass strings do not offer the sound quality or no resistance . Its price is low but in the future rather pay more and get a quality musical
 The tone is dead . It sounded like the strings were already used . Nowhere near the tone of DR 's or Rotosounds . waste of money
 Like a lot of instructional DVD 's , this one is pretty much pure emulation without any insight . You will learn to play the tunes that he teaches you , step-by-step , slow motion , ad nauseum , but you will not learn any improv tricks or secrets . Nothing to really get you going on your own . I would skip this one .
 At $ 349 per copy , the authors of this software are very smart to not show their pricing on the product page.I have no idea if the product is any good at all as I refuse to pay an exhorbitant amount - See Cakewalk for a slightly less robust package at a more reasonable price.Shame on you for refusing to post your price - probably the only way you 'd get anyone to spend that much !
 This picture looks like it has a padded head , but when I received it , the head is a wooden ball . I assumed the wood in the title meant that the handle was wood , but the entire mallet is wooden , no padding . It seemed like it would be too much trouble and expense to return them . I ended up going to a store to buy what I thought I was getting here .
 These guards are too thin to offer much protection . They will help a pick slide off , but wear out quickly . They will not stop finger nail damage if you get carried away playing flamenco . You can find thicker material at the Stewart MacDonald website .
 I have never been a huge fan of the look of pick guard , but wanted to protect the top on my Seagull S6 -LRB- cedar top -RRB- , so I thought a clear pick-guard was the way to go . At my local guitar store there was a Baden guitar with a clear pick guard that was almost invisible - I did n't even realize it had a pick guard until someone pointed it out to me . So , I raced home and ordered this clear pick-guard . I had no trouble removing the existing pick guard , and installation of this new , clear guard was very simple . Unfortunately , as soon as I had attached it I realized that , unlike the clear pick guard I had -LRB- not -RRB- seen in the store , this one was glossy . As a result , it was really easy to tell that there was a clear pick-guard on the guitar , which defeats the entire purpose . It ended up looking like I had just put a big piece of tape under the soundhole , which was really tacky looking . Maybe it would have looked better if my guitar was glossy , but on my satin finish it just looked awful.So , I decided to remove this pick-guard , only to discover that it was much more difficult to remove than the original guard . It took a lot more heat to get this one off -LRB- I used a hair-dryer -RRB- and the glue was a lot harder to remove as well.Overall I would not recommend this product.Also , be aware that if you are removing an existing pick-guard there will be a `` tan line '' even on a relatively new guitar . I 'm hoping that mine will fade but had I known all of the trouble that this process would cause me I would have just lived with the original guard .
 dont buy it . go with the ones that you have to cut yourself.just use an exato knife . presto
 well had nothing but problems with thies they break real fast no life to them u figure u would get more than 2 weeks use for 10 doller strings
 This is just a screw with a crappy plastic tip . And it cist $ 20 !!!!! Have no spring , so , you can not bend up your tremolo.Don ' t waste your money .
 I wanted a good thumb pick for fingerstyle playing and I agree with some of the other reviewers that these things feel like torture - way too snug fitting and I definitely would n't say I have massive thumbs . I think they will give some over time and use so not a complete loss . Overall though I think the quality of the pick is n't that great either so I will be looking for an alternative .
 I do n't even know what these other people got . They ca n't be talking about the picks I received . these are inconsistent , all heavy and the colors are from a 50 's circus , but each is a different thickness , stiffness , and tonal character ... they fit like low level torture devices , except for the one that just spins around and flies off every time you touch a string . The others nearly draw blood , leaves cut impression in your skin , the pick angle is just plain off , and the material sounds very marginal hitting strings . I ca n't say I like them as well as any other brand I 've used ; in fact much much worse . Get a dozen decent picks for the price of this garbage bag of 3 .
 I bought the wrong ones for my child 's alto sax and could n't return them for credit . Totally upsetting . Too bad there was n't a way to help folks when they accidentally make a mistake .
 The reeds were bought for my son who is in high school marching band . He complained that the reeds were inconsistent in that there were flaws in the wood and that they did not vibrate well and tended to squeak more than the Vandorin reeds .
 Ordered Rico Royal 2.0 , they seem similar to the Vandoren 2.0 , much harder to play than a regular Rico 2.0 , more like a Rico 2.5 - 3.0 . I needed to step up anyway but these wiped out my lip after 40 minutes of practice . Granted , I 'm just a beginner -LRB- less than a year -RRB- , but I could go for 2 hours at least on the regular Rico 2.0 . One other thing , there 's a fine line between getting good clarinet tone and a horrible raspy sound , especially in the low register . Bottom line , I wo n't be buying these again .
 If you are going to buy these reeds , you may be thinking `` these must be better than regular rico reeds ! '' Trust me , they are not . Rico reeds perform 100 times better than their `` royal '' relations . Rico royal reeds water-log easily and are softer than normal rico reeds . Despite the description on the back of the box , normal rico reeds react quicker and sound better than rico royal reeds . Besides , if rico `` royal '' reeds are only $ 2.00 more than normal rico reed , you ca n't expect them to be THAT much better .
 I some how ordered the wrong size , I want 3.5 but got 2.5 somehow in the final order ??? Shortly -LRB- MINUTES -RRB- I realized the problem I tried to stop the transaction . IT COULD N'T BE STOPPED - WHY ??? I 'm just going to get old school -LRB- in a store -RRB- from here on .
 The ad states Rico Royal Clarinet Bb Box Of 10 Reeds Strength 1.5 . I recieved soprano sax Reeds .
 i bought it splinted my lip . i had to throw it away . it didnt work on my clerenet that is why
 After putting on the new string for 2 weeks , around less than 8 hours of practice , it appeared worn out and has poor quality of sound already .
 The capo will not completely depress the strings ... It will either leave your low E string half-way pressed and result in a buzzing noise , or your high E with a palm muted noise ... Spend the extra five or 10 dollars and get yourself a quality clip-on capo that will last you .
 I was disappoined with the monitor ear buds . One fell apart on me . I invested in nicer ear buds for $ 100 . However , when I first used the ear monitor system `` live '' , it did n't even work . It did fine in rehearsal/soundchecks . But , it did not for performance . I am now investigating .
 I bought these pedals and the fre floating cam dosent react fast enough . When i get the first hit and go for a double it woudnlt react and by the time i got thru with the song my shin muscles were on fire . I wanted to take the pedal outside and throw it away ... but dont let that discourage you it might just work for you . but it didnt for me ...
 When I first recieved the system one of the microphones did not work at all . The other mics had a weak signal and kept fading in and out when used . I had no other choice than to return everything back to Amazon . I was very dissappointed in the quality of this item .
 The item intermittently goes out . And one of the microphone covers came apart almost right away . I would have paid a little more for a better set . Amazon sent me a new one right away which was great , hopefully it will be better .
 Hi there was no owners manual in the box with the microphone you sent to me , could you email me one or let me know where on the net I can optain one . thank you
 Do not expect too much from these mics . I noticed 3 issues
 So everything is OK minus the following important points :1 -RRB- After upping the high freq in my mixer quite a bit due to # 2 , there 's a 60HZ buzz when making the `` umm '' sound .2 -RRB- The frequency response for higher range voice is horrible . . it sounds like they put a filter to filter out the buzzing for # 1 -LRB- did n't work too well , and results in # 2 -RRB- . So forget about voice clarity , or live with # 1.3 -RRB- Buzzing when the power is off . After much digging around I found this was due to three issues :3.1 -RRB- The power cable was faulty at the head , replaced this myself and resulted in less 60HZ buzz3 .2 -RRB- There 's some ground loop problems with this device ... Resolved by removing the earth ground in the cabinet , resulted in less power-on + off buzz .3.3 -RRB- I noticed that one of the LEDs was not working . Amazingly enough replacing the LED resulted in practically all mic-off buzzing to subside , SUCCESS !! 4 -RRB- Support is non-existant . Your emails go to a black hole .5 -RRB- It frequently drops out when you move around , even with line of sight .6 -RRB- I found one of the mics does n't have as good high frequency response . After close inspection it seems one of the wires in the mic was frayed . However , I also noticed that the plastic head has more of a thud when hit than `` ding '' like the other mics ... to be investigated further.overall I would NOT buy this again.After all my above fixes I 'm left with :1 -RRB- A really annoying buzz with certain sounds after upping the high frequency on the mixer to make the mics sound decent2 -RRB- and one mic that has bad frequency responseHopefully I can isolate # 2 , and maybe with lots of research can fix # 1 . Hopefully this will help someone !!
 Was n't looking for a top of the line stuff since that would be overly expensive for just home use for karaoke fun once or twice a year . After reading other reviews , thought this system could pass for that , but it is horrible . there is a noticeable delay when the receiver finally picks up the signal from the mics , and the sound is horrible . Sounds muted , and often gives off a strong short annoying sound burst when speaking into the mic with words that starts with certain letters like `` p. '' Your lips have to be super close to the mics to even pick up your voice , you basically have to be kissing your mic while singing to pick up your voice , & then the sound that comes out is n't even very good anyway . Want to return it but got busy & did n't get to try it out until a little bit pass the 30 day return policy . My fault for just assuming it would be at least acceptable but it 's not even close .
 Overall , product quality is relative to price
 From the day it arrived , this system did NOT work . It caused a loud hum in my sound system and NONE of the 4 microphones worked . And , I bought a refurbished unit thinking that Amazon would stand by their work . By the time I got around to reporting it , the time to return it had expired . So , I spent a lot of money to get a useless product , one that was claimed by Amazon to be repaired and working -- NOT . Do n't waste your money , even if Amazon claims to stand behind their repairs .
 DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT . Save your money , do your research and buy a better wireless microphone system.I 'm a DJ/Rapper , and I bought this for a concert where it was going to be used by multiple talents . Straight out the box , one of the volume covers for the Volume Up/Down buttons was missing . The button still worked , it just looked really off since there were 3 other buttons with silver covers , but this was n't a big deal.Upon testing it on my surround sound speakers , it sounded decent . All microphones had random 1-3 second cutoff periods which I could n't measure on why or how this was happening , but being the optimistic I said this also was n't a big deal . The sound quality when recorded through the USB output of my mixer was surprisingly good . Any vocals recorded sounded decently clear when played back on my computer . I was satisfied but not impressed at this point , but then it took a turn for the worst.When connecting it for the actual concert is when disaster struck . There was a LOUD , overpowering low frequency buzz whenever the microphone receiver was connected to the mixer . I tried connecting it using 1/4 cables , using XLR cables , even connecting to another mixer , but no matter one , I got that large buzzing sound . The reason I did n't pick this up on my surround sound is because they 're not as powerful as the venue speakers . I even tried them on my separate DJ speakers which are used for hosting house parties , and I got the buzz . This made the product 100 % dead to me . The buzz overpowered the vocals so loud that you just could NOT play it with music . When turning the master volume knob from silence to a tad bit up , the buzz would overpower any other music/channel playing on the mixer.All in all , do not buy this product . I could n't use it live , but thank God I was lucky enough to have 3 wired microphones on me that got the job done .
 Worked for a little , need to pack paper in the battery area to make it work . Also antennas on mics fall off and mics cut out intermittently . We use this in a church and its never reliable . Also pyle does not stand behind this and during the warranty period we would have to pay for repairs to them and shipping .
 Got this in the mail , plugged it in for a home karaoke player -LRB- hooked up laptop to mixer , hooked up system to mixer , out speakers -RRB- . System works beautifully with wired mics , so not a problem with the set up . I tried to set it up with this system and got the same issue as a previous reviewer , very loud hum , and although I could sort of hear my voice , it was pretty quiet compared to the hum . Not only that but my voice came out pretty sporadically . It seems like a defective issue , but unfortunately seems to happen more often than not.Not willing to risk it with this again , am going to try a different brand .
 I bought this product a while ago to use with an entry-level Sibelius program . It never worked . So , a year later , with Finale PrintMusic , and a different computer , I am trying to make this work . I 've had trips to the local electronics store for various connectors , and it still does not work . I continue to get error messages about the USB being non-functional , but I have tried several USB cords . I am sorry I did not ship this back when I first got it . It is going back into the garage , and I would not even want to sell this to anyone , because , even though it lights up , I have yet to get a sound from it . My last ditch is to try contact with M-Audio , but I heard that is difficult .
 Ca n't really help in reviewing the keyboard ... XP said no thanks to the software disc ... What a waste of time ...
 Although M-audio claims the 49e is compliant with Windows XP , I could not install it . And tech support was no help . So much for `` plug and play . ''
 The Transit USB audio is truly junk . I knew there was something suspicious when the M-Audio installation instructions told me to ignore windows warning screens about M-Audio 's incompatability with XP . Another tip-off is the tech help non-toll free number listed in the instruction for the US are disconnected . After a non-toll free call to the number listed for tech help in Canada , I found the `` new '' M-Audio tech help for the US . Well ... they do n't answer the phone here in the US.Long Axx story short ... the M-Audio software installation is far from automatic . Drilling down into the installation CD-Rom files , I eventually found the english installation instructions in PDF . But that 's just the start of the troubles , once installed , audio out-put is not `` pristene '' as the box describes . It 's like a really bad loose speaker connection , even after adjusting the `` transition-rate '' as recommended.Tested with XP SP2 on a 1.8 Ghz Averatec 6200 series machine . Just looking for a quality 24-bit USB sound system that can perform better the the PC 's build in head-phone jack , which is just ok , not anything to write home about.Definately wo n't be buying any more M-Audio equipment due to non-existant tech support , terrible quality on this machine and `` expert '' level installation procedure . This ones going back !
 I did not get what was advertised and what I ordered . Amazon 's short description did not allow the detail of the batter head , i.e. &#34; reverse dot &#34; to be displayed in the description so I ended up buying the product I did not want . What I ordered was a Evans EC1 , period . What I got was a Evans EC1 Reverse Dot . The reverse dot was not mentioned in the ad or any of the descriptions .
 I wish I knew ... it 's been 5 days since I ordered it and it has n't even shipped yet ! What poor service !
 Before I had this mic Ive always used USB microphones for studio recordings . I am by far more impressed with my old USB microphone than this condenser mic . I found the quality of this mic to be very muddy , it sounds like you threw a blanket over the mic after you listen to your recording . Ive been messing with this mic for 6 months now and I gave up on it . While recording I found I had to stand back about 5 feet from the mic for it to pick up a smooth clear voice , which is unacceptable if your a rapper . If I had one good thing to say about the the MXL 990 is that it sounds fantastic if your looking to record using an acoustic guitar . With that being said , if your serious about quality and clarity when it comes to singing or rapping , just keep looking . This mic I assume , would be better for podcasting . The MXL Studio1-USB mic is what I have used before and it has great clarity and sound . -LSB- ... -RSB- If you want to hear the great sound of the MXL Studio1-USB mic . check out my youtube video/song using this song . Sounds super clean .
 The MXL 990 is one of many Chinese-manufactured condenser mics that suffer from two common problems - it is simultaneously ill-defined in the critical midrange and excessively harsh in the treble range . While the circuit used in the mic is quite clever and fairly well implemented , the sonic deficiencies lie within the condenser capsule and headbasket acoustics.By and large , Chinese-manufactured mics use condenser capsules copied from classic Neumann designs . Unfortunately , these inexact copies fall short of delivering the magnificent midrange accuracy and smooth , sibilance-free top end Neumann capsules are known for . Most of the copied capsules deliver a sound that is often described as harsh , spitty , `` eshy '' , sibilant or screechy . Poor headbasket acoustics compound the problems created by these capsules.The MXL 990 , like most microphones of its class , uses a multi-layer grille mesh headbasket . These multiple layers of mesh do protect the capsule from spittle and wind blasts - but at a cost . Multiple layer headbaskets have a very small percentage of open area in the grille . This means a great deal of sound is reflected back and forth between the capsule and headbasket . Cup your hands around your mouth or speak into a paper tube to get an exaggerated example of the standing wave artifacts caused by a restrictive headbasket.What to do?One of the great benefits of the MXL 990 and other similarly priced mics is low cost . With a very modest investment in the original microphone , it becomes an excellent platform for a microphone modification . The capsule can be upgraded and headbasket opened up.With a suite of microphone modifications this mic , -LRB- as well as many other Chinese manufactured mics -RRB- can really become a solid performer that sounds much more like a professional tool .
 We ca n't get the microphone to work . I bought it for my son for Christmas who lives in another state . He called amazon and was told I have to call since I purchased it ! He even went to Best Buy and talked to the Geek Squad to see if he needed additional equipment . We still dont ' have it working !
 Its very muddy like everybody else said do like i didnt and listen 2 them this mic is very clear but ima rapper and this mic did no good for me
 I was really in the market for a less expensive condenser mic . A friend had one of these at his studio and I tried it out . Iwas really terrible . Sounded awlful . Very harsh . Acoustic guitar sound hollow and harsh - not good . Vocals were really unflattering . Tried a couple of different mic pres. Still bad news . You really hardly get what you pay for with this stuff .
 I bought this mic , it did not work . I sent it back and got a replacement , it still did not work . That is all .
 These Mics are Garbage ! I know we all do n't have alot of $ $ $ floating around right now but if you seriously want to get good budget priced mics for vocals ect ... recording , ... these are not it ! The best these are for is to throw them and the head of the salesperson who tries to tell you these are a good buy ! - j -
 Too much hype here . Not as crisp and clear as some reviewers suggest.This microphone is an ok hobbyist tool . But it is anything but something to use for more than that.Notes :1 -RRB- Emits a foul sharp odor that smells like burning plastic . Sometimes , makes me want to choke and cough .2 -RRB- You have to direct your voice into the area above the label else it sounds `` lost `` 3 -RRB- Has a tinge of a deep , lower bass sound from it .4 -RRB- For vocals , if you have to hit a loud note , it breaks up miserably . You have to back off the mic a good 12 inches to avoid this . And it sounds really horrible.Overall a decent microphone for the price . Well built , sturdy construction . Nice extra with the shock mount . But you get what you pay for.Update 1/2/13 : Backing this down to 2 stars.The shock mount screws as they sit into the shock mount ring will no longer fit as they worse out . I can no longer use the mount with a mic stand because the outer ring wore out .
 This microphone is fine for recording guitar and soft vocals . However , when I 'm trying to record a grand piano or loud vocals , the microphone cilps and the sound comes out really fuzzy and distorted . I 've tried standing far away from the microphone and singing loudly , but it does n't help . If you care a lot about the quality of the vocals , or if you need to record loud sounds , I would recommend saving up for a better microphone .
 I have been an audio pro for 30 + years and this is probably the WORST sounding large diaphragm condenser mic I have ever heard at ANY price point.Harsh , hyped high end and cheap construction.Buy a Shure SM58 . It 's a better sounding , more rugged and better constructed mic .
 Overall , the product is very cheap sounding.You get what you pay for.The only thing that concerns me is , is this product supposed to be made in china?There was no authenticity form or sticker with the product .
 I was looking forward to getting this product in the mail , alas , it has been discontinued . Nevermind the fact that the status says `` In Stock '' on Amazon . Nevermind that they gave me no reason in an email notification that the order was canceled . Unprofessional company . Musician 's Friend exists only to screw you out of your money and not deliver !
 This is probably the worse excuse for a commercial software package than I have seen in 20-years . The documentation , including the online PDF manual is useless , following some cosmic logic that would suppose if you threw 2 different 500-piece jigsaw puzzles into the air it would come down as a single completed picture . I spent 3-hours trying to make the ID3 functions work correctly and only 25 % of the time would files get updated correctly , but often even some of those would mysteriously later blank out the data in the fields . The manual proudly declares this is `` an intuitively constructed program , '' - perhaps if you are a schizophrenic monkey . The producer touts a so many great options available with this program that I 'm sure some of them are bound to work - but after wasting 4-hours with this turkey , I could n't find many -LRB- even after downloading their `` update . '' -RRB- Consumer beware , this product is junk !
 I bought this program because I owned an old version of Magix Audio Cleaning Lab which for its time was great ! This idiotic program wo n't even load properly and now that it is partially on my computer it has taken over control so that I get error messages when I try to run iTunes or even the Windows player . I have tried several methods -LRB- unsuccessfully -RRB- to uninstall it and have decided that to get rid of it I will have to reformat my hard drive . I have NEVER bought such a piece of trash in my life . And forget the company 's customer service also - more like customer dis-service .
 I had the misfortune of buying this software after using Cakewalk Pyro 2003 . All I can say is , you get what you pay for . I tried installing this on 2 different computers , recording did n't work on either one . No volume control , shows recording , but when I tried to play back ... nothing . Tried to get help online -LRB- of course no phone support on this cheapie -RRB- . No luck . What a disappointment . I 'll buy Pyro again in a minute , but this dog ? Forget it .
 The CDDB database flat out does not work at all which renders the program essentially useless . And you can forget MAGIX support or the user forum . AVOID THIS PRODUCT !!
 I bought this software because I used an older version of mp3 maker but it started having some problems . Since I liked the product for it 's simplicity and functionality I decided to buy this newer version . What a horror ! To get full mp3 functionality you have to register the product and then you get a code send by email . Does n't sound to complicated , does it ? I tried everything in my power to get this code , but in vain . Costumer service sucks , it only works by mail or life chat . All my chatpartner gave me was the same instructions from the program 's help menu ! A call would cost you - no kidding - $ 25 !!! So now its rotting in some landfill for throwing away is the only thing left to do .
 How can I perform all those features listed with this product when even the CDDB does not work . I install the program and nothing works right . The AudioID that 's supposed to give me track info takes a long ... long ... time for each track . I feel like I wasted my money . I have older versions of MP3 makers and they worked better than this supposed updated one . Do n't you test anything before you send it out for sale ? I am extremely disappointed and this supposedly cool software is just going to sit and collect dust.Useless!S.K . from New York
 I have a standard 37 '' long scale bass and theses strings are way too long . You 'll have to wrap 1 '' of the string past the lead around the tuning peg . DR rep told me their strings are for 39 '' scale basses . I wish they would have put that bit of info on the packaging ! Since the B-string is impossible to string because of its thickness these strings are unusable
 I bought this thing new five years ago . I have STILL not successfully integrated the control surface into a setup.They have never released a Vista-onward compatible driver for the device . There is a workaround there that gets the MIDI notes in recognized at least , but the only advantage over just plugging it into your MIDI input is built-in power supply.The worst thing about it is that there is no on-board controller assignment . You have to use their 1.0 shoddy never updated controller mapping software . Only thing is , that also needs a special driver to reroute the MIDI input through it - which will not install correctly as a legacy device Vista-onward . Thus , all those cool knobs and sliders ? Utterly useless.If you try to get support , they will instead tell you to purchase their newer products . Dude , naw , never again.The key action is fine . It would be fine as an 80s style controller keyboard for MIDI modules and I use it to input notes into my DAW . Except ... one of the rotary encoders in a slider has already started acting up and sends spurious data , which my DAW interprets as volume -LRB- since ALL the sliders are mapped to volume by default -RRB- - so I have to go in and delete controller changes for volume now too . Annoying.I ca n't sell it in good conscience and would n't get much for it anyway . You think you 're getting a good deal with CME , but you truly get what you pay for . Go to their website , click `` Forum , '' and you 'll see what I mean . I 've been getting the same SQL error forever . They are just pumping out dubious garbage and truly do n't care about how the products actually work for you . I feel it 's unethical for retailers to even carry them .
 I decided to purchase this through Amazon because it $ 100.00 cheaper that anyone else . The problem started when they could not deliver on-time , not only that , I had to call the shipping company to arrange delivery , otherwise you have to wait for them to call you to arrange a delivery time . Received the shipment only to find out that they shipped the wrong item . They shipped a padded cover for a DB112 cabinet , but the part number on the bag was for the GS412 cab . I make arrangements for the correct item to be shipped , but Amazon detailed the reason for shipping a new item was that the first item was defective . Then I get an email stating that the replacement item has shipped and that if they do not receive the `` defective '' item within 30 day they will bill me another $ 1199.00 plus shipping . According to Amazon , they are expecting a GS412 cab , not a paaded cover for a DB112 cab that cost ~ $ 50.00 . I will never , let me repeat that , NEVER buy from Amazon again.In terms of rating the GS412 cab is a great cab , but Amazon sucks . I ca n't reveiw the cab because I still have n't received it .
 At first , Majix Hip-Hop maker can seem above any dj program . But switch to an even less complex one , Hip Hop E-Jay for instance , and you will find Majix 's program easily defeated . It is the lack of sounds and videos to chose from that leads to the major bore . If you see this program on sale for $ 10 or less , go for it . If not , do n't waste your money .
 I think that Techno is a good music . I like the product . When I listen to the sounds and put them all together , they sound neat . You should buy it . Games I recommend
 Thought going with crown would be a great investment for our PA system . We ran this setup for about a year and after 6 blown subs started thinking something may be wrong with the amps . After talking to crown and them assuring us that we were doing everything right we brought the amps in for service and the tech said he could n't find a problem with them , but did n't seem to know abut the phase inversion of these amps . Be sure to do your homework before buying . Crown 's quality has fallen . Anyone want to buy 2 slightly used one 's with a crown warranty service certification email me . Looking to make a deal to go back to the qsc rmx2450 's after spending 1200 on reconing 18in subs .
 first I buy these product , I dont live in united states so when I go to my country I try it and it work great but the second time I use it the amp do an internal explotion , so I turn it off and then of some minutes I turn IT on again and smoke start getting out of the amp.first I contact crown , and they tell my that the international guaranty , IT is not like that that you take it to your country and they can contact crown and give anothere one or repair it , they they say I have to pay to the official crown seller , that is the only one in my country for the cost of the repair , and my other option they told me was to send it to the one that sell it to me that was electric guitar and they told me that they can give me one new amp but I have to ship it to the united states , so that was very expensive but I appreciate what electric guitar offers me and I feel very confotable talking with them , but my problem is that send it to united states is expensive.so the bad reputation is not for electric guitar that they are great 5 stars , the bad reputation is for crown that they can t do something having a official crown seller on my country , Idont care how they need or how they are going to find a solution to my problem , but the correct thing it has to be that crown contact my country seller and say to them give to the person -LRB- me -RRB- one new and when we send new amps to your country we send one without cost.whatever crown service for my case was horrible , and they also say me that the percentage of break of the crown xti was of 1 % , having that low percentage they cant find a solution that put me very angry , and now what I have to do is spend money on the fixing price of an amplifier I use it , thanks god at home and not in a party .
 One of my students recently brought an Anton Breton violin that he had just gotten to school . The hair was coming out of the tip of the bow , and the violin wo n't stay in tune . Even if repairs were made , they would exceed the purchase price and would not correct the poor tone quality . My advice would be to save the money you would spend on this violin and use it for a down-payment toward a decent instrument . Check with a string teacher if you do n't know where to get a reasonably priced instrument . I definitely do n't recommend this one .
 I received this product and as a new student looking forward to learn this guitar , I kept it untouched till my guitar classes start . The very first day I took my guitar to the instructor to tune it up and he said that the guitar is broken and is no good . Had already passed a month after my purchase so could n't return it back . So cant really say how the actual guitar is . Please get ur guitar checked asap if ur new to this instrument .
 The guitar I bought had terrible sound . Strings were too high from the fret board making it hard to play . On top of which it is badly made in China and the guitar cracked at the joint between the neck and the body.Gig bag and other accessories are a hoax . The bag is thin as paper and wont last a month . The only credit I gave was to the pitch pipe tuner . Strings that come along with this guitar are absolutely the worst I have ever seen .
 While tuning my quitar , the surface separated from the base . As I understand , that 's not supposed to happen . I would not recommend this quitar , it 's not very high quality and will not last very long ...
 This guitar i bought thinking that it would be good for the price BUT , the action was way to high the neck was 1/2 way snapped and it is just not worth the money you would pay for it !!
 This is a cheap guitar . It will not hold tune . The neck is falling off . Spend a little more and get a real one . Have someone who knows about guitars recommend one .
 Well the first day i got it i tried to tune it . Anyways apparently the people that had made the guitar had wrapped the strings to many times around the little things . so one of the strings ended up breaking ... i took it to the guitar shop where the fixed it and tuned and but they said that something is wrong with the e string it kept making a weird sound ... anyways i would n't recommend this guitar its just poorly made and does n't sound right
 I should 've listened to the reviews before buying this guitar . They shipped me the guitar with a two-inch crack near the nut , and the paint was chipped in several other places . I would have shipped this one off for a replacement , but since they told me that I have to be the one who pays for the return shipping -LRB- which is bull -RRB- , I did n't . I would n't buy from this seller again ...
 Read the reviews before ordering this for my grandson . Although there were some negatives , most were good for a first time student . It arrived yesterday and fortunately I noticed this morning that the lower body of the front of the guitar was cracked and coming apart from the side and bottom . I emailed customer service at AB right away - their return policy is that they must be notified ` within 48 hours of receipt of instrument of any damage '' in order to return for refund . Since it is Saturday do n't expect to hear back until Monday . If I do n't ... ! I will buy a guitar for my grandson but will make sure that I can see it before purchase .
 The guitar was defective . It has the low E string further away than the low A string , while the low D string is too close to the low A string . Also at one side of the guitar at the bottom edge , it is chipped in some parts .
 This is a very poor quality guitar , and I am extremely disappointed with my purchase.Problems :1 -RRB- Extremely high action on the strings .2 -RRB- Visible crack in the joint between guitar neck and body .3 -RRB- Cheap adhesive sticker used to decorate the sound hole prone to peeling .4 -RRB- Bridge has significant lifting at rear .
 I bought this guitar a couple of days ago , and i thought it was going to be an alright guitar . I read a couple of good reviews and then i bought it . It came in the mail and i tightened up the strings . The guitar could n't stay in tune . I have returned it and have bought a different guitar . to all future buyers - DO N'T BUY THIS GUITAR !
 I bought this guitar about a month ago , trying to stay cheap until I learned how to play . It makes it impossible to learn . The strings that were attached were old strings , although it does come with a set of new ones if you want to change them . The strings are extremely far from the fret board , which makes it almost impossible for someone who is trying to learn to play it . I pick this one up and struggle holding the strings down and switching between chords , but I pick up my friend 's and it is so much easier . It does n't stay in tune , which is like the worst thing imaginable for a guitar , especially if you are learning and are n't good at tuning . I even have a friend who is amazing at guitar and can tune them easily say that this one is almost impossible to tune correctly.All in all , unless you are great at guitar and just want a cheap one , then avoid buying this . It would be more worth your money to spend about $ 50 extra on a somewhat nicer one .
 I know that this is on a $ 60.00 guitar , but for the money you could do betterI tried to tune it and the bridge broke , however the they are refunding my money . Custome service is great ... professional and satisfying
 My son ordered a guitar bundle through Austin Bazaar 2 weeks ago . It was supposed to include guitar , pick , strap , guitar bag and pitch pipe . We received the NEW guitar fairly quickly with a pick . Unfortunately it was chipped in 3 places , the strings would n't hold -LRB- had to have it re-stringed -RRB- and it was very dirty . It had been packed with no padding or peanuts . I emailed and told them that I am not worrying about the chips -LRB- did n't want to have to send back -RRB- but I did want the accessories . They said they would send out accessories asap . We received the box . In it was one guitar case . No pitch pipe , no strap . I am very upset that even when a customer calls unhappy they are n't worried about fixing it . If they had sent ALL the accessories I would use them again . As it is I will not . My son was VERY disappointed
 Inferior product , broken strings , bad cover , sticker coming off , unplayable with horrible fret board.Please avoid it . It almost killed my interest to learn guitar .
 I bought this guitar and all seemed fine at first . I now find alot of things wrong with it now . The neck is out of whack and I just had it readjusted , but I was told that it is on borrowed time before it goes again . Plus I find the neck was broken and repaired and that to is shakey . I should have spent a few dollars more and got a better one . For those looking to buy a guitar that is inexpensive please look at another not this one .
 I purchased this guitar for my 14 year old son . On Christmas day , he excitedly opened the guitar . Within one hour , the first string broke . The carrying case has a broken zipper -LRB- broken on receipt -RRB- . Our neighbor , a musician , attempted to fix the broken string with no success . Any new strings would break . I knew that this was a `` deal '' financially , and was just wanting an inexpensive `` first guitar '' for my teen to see how interested he was in playing . Sadly , he was upset that it broke within the first hour . This was his `` big gift '' for Christmas . I will attempt to return the item . Hopefully , the seller will cooperate .
 1 -RRB- The action is a little high for me . Not super high but could be lower for sure . 2 -RRB- The frets stick out so bad that my hands were literally cut up from doing bar chords up and down the neck . I had to bandage my hand up for gigs . I now of calouses where the frets rub my hands but STILL . 3 -RRB- The sound leaves a lot to be desired . It 's super twangy and not pretty at all . 4 -RRB- The sticker around the hole is comming off even though I take good care of my guitar . 4 -RRB- Last but not least , I 've only had it for a few months and it no longer holds a tune though a whole set .
 My wife purchased this guitar for our daughter . First , the one that shipped was blue , not natural color . She was just beginning to learn the guitar , and never got it to sound right . Finally , she took it into a music store , and found out that someone had unsuccessfully tried to repair the guitar . It evidently was not only not new , but was defective or damaged . Do n't buy .
 I purchased this guitar for my daughter . First , the one that shipped was blue , not natural color . She was just beginning to learn the guitar , and never got it to sound right . Finally , she took it into a music store , and found out that someone had unsuccessfully tried to repair the guitar . Do not buy from these frauds !
 About the guitar : The sound is decent if you play string-per-string , melodies . But it produces constant jingles as soon as you start playing beats , for songs . So none of the beat songs can be played . Also , the strings are a little too close to each other and to the fretboard . It is also a bit too quiet.P.S . I had a guitar with non-metal strings for 5 years , and then with metal strings for 3 years . Both were way better , with cleaner and more powerful sound.About the seller -LRB- Austin Bazaar -RRB- : I had to return the item because the sound of the guitar was very bad as mentioned above.I paid for the delivery -LRB- ~ $ 13 -RRB- , delivery back -LRB- ~ $ 15 -RRB- , and they took 20 % of the price -LRB- $ 12 -RRB- as non-refundable fee from the price of the item.As as result : I am not satisfied with the guitar . I spent plenty of time sorting out issues with the product I am not satisfied with -LRB- waiting for the guitar to arrive , contacting the seller , bringing guitar to UPS for the return -RRB- . I spent quite a lot of money on the transaction.From my perspective , this is very far from customer-oriented behavior . I will never recommend a company doing business like that.For the sake of comparison , I once bought an item from Amazon which I had to return afterwards . I received full refund including the delivery price , and the delivery back was arranged for free such that a courier took the item from my house .
 I bought this guitar after reading all the good reviews posted in amazon.However when I bought it , the product that was obtained -LRB- excluding the defective bag and strap which is known -RRB- was a cheap useless product.It took more than 30 minutes for my teacher to tune it and he recommended me to immediately ship it back.It was a low quality product with wood that was so soft it could crack any time and the cheapest strings available . Also during tuning one of the plucks below came out and just did not go inside again.The service obtained from Austin Bazaar was also not upto the mark.Not only did I have to fund the shipping on my own but it also took time and constant e-mailing to get my refund back.All the time , cost and effort to buy and refund it together was equal to the amount in which I could have bought a new guitar.This is just a device to fool begineers like me and I now seriously believe that people might be paid to write good reviews of the product .
 This guitar is not very good . I went and bought one off ebay after I looked at this one , and this is not originally a 300 dollar guitar . On ebay u can get a great beginner guitar for 30 bucks , pick , metal strings , gig bag , strap , etc. way better deal . Search fretshop on ebay . that is the seller and they r amazing .
 I purchased this guitar about 6 weeks ago , after the first week we noticed a crack in the neck , thinking maybe somehow we did something wrong , we took it to a local repair shop , he looked at it and said that this -LRB- supposedly brand new -RRB- guitar had been repaired before and rather badly , he said he could fix it but with continued use it will crack and become worse , well it did . I ca n't believe we were sold such a piece of junk and then for it to be passed off as New . Do not buy , Seller is not honest .
 I teach guitar lessons for free at two local boys and girls club and I am always looking for a good , cheap guitar . I am teaching 15-20 kids from ages 10-16 . I gave this guitar a try and was very disappointed . If you are a beginner or getting this for a beginner , you are wasting your money . This guitar will only discourage a child from learning -LRB- or an adult for that matter -RRB- . It is too hard to push the strings down , even for an adult . The sound is really terrible . If you are shopping for a good beginner guitar that is inexpensive , check out the Takamine Jasmine S35 on Amazon , which is only $ 20 more -LRB- no case , but if cost is an issue you can use the box until you can come up with the next $ 20 for a good soft case -RRB- . It has been a very impressive guitar for the price . It stays in tune well , and is pretty easy for young kids to play . I teach once a week and often the guitar is still well in tune even after a week of abuse at the club . And it really has a very nice tone for the price . Or if you have a little more to spend , and in particular if the child is smaller -LRB- 3-5th grader -RRB- , check out the cutaway version of that same guitar -LRB- around $ 95 -RRB- ; the cutaway makes it easier for smaller kids to hold the guitar . Both of those guitars are sold by the same company as this product -LRB- Austin Bazaar , they 've been very reliable so far -RRB- . I have purchased about 6-7 of the low-end Takamines for my program recently , and they are a great value for the money . I only had one that had a bad buzz and I had to send it back , but Austin Bazaar has a decent return policy and was good to work with . Guitar is fun , do n't ruin it by buying a really bad instrument for your child -LRB- or yourself -RRB- .
 I could not get this unit to not feedback though the sound system in some cases . I could never get my voice to sound natural . But for the price , it was okay . In and of itself , I would have probably given it 4 stars , but then I got the Sunheiser freePort , at a fraction of the cost , and this rating went down to 2 stars , just because of the comparison .
 Two of these bridges broke under normal playing in the first month we used them . I would not buy this product again .
 This is an OK first amp for your blossoming metalhead , but it was n't what I wanted . The problem is that none of the amp models are really clean , and do n't sound true . Running other effects into this amp results in disaster . It does have a nice noise reduction circuit , and it 's needed.A design flaw is that they placed the power cord jack -LRB- back -RRB- exactly where the unit would rest on most stands available on the market for this size amp . So , you end up chopping the stand or forgoeing it altogether . That was kinda stupid , do n't you think ?
 My guitars have fallen off a couple times . The Neck part is sturdy . But the bottom wont stay on ... . YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR : -RRB-
 I owned both the original Big Muff Pi and this reissue and they sound very very different . I ended up selling my reissue . The only thing I liked better about the reissue was the on/off light , but if you ca n't tell if your Big Muff is turned on , you need to get your ears checked . The vintage pedal 's tone is far superior and for some reason the reissue was never loud enough compared to my clean signal . I would have to turn the volume knob on my guitar down in order for it to be effective when I kicked on the pedal . The vintage Big Muff is plenty loud.The only problem I had with the vintage Muff is that there was a lot of saturation channel bleeding through to the bypass channel . This was fixed pretty easily and cheaply by soldering in a 3PDT true bypass switch . You can find step by step info on how to do it online.My advice is to approach the reissue as a separate pedal and NOT a replacement for the vintage big silver Big Muff . If you like the reissue , then get it , but if you want the classic Muff sound I think it 's worth the extra money and time it takes to get an original . The improvement in tone is not subtle .
 You can find everything in this kit at Home Depot , or even Big Lots , for about $ 20 . Take the rest of the money that you saved and get a set of feeler gauges and an appropriate radial gauge for your guitar brand . Neither of which comes in this overpriced set .
 For how much I paid for this I feel kind of ripped off . The main reason I got the kit was for the ruler / strait edge , which was so thin I bent it getting it out the package . I can see the tremolo pic coming in handy for a floyd rose or Strat type trem , but far from nessesary . The winder works , but its a cheap piece of plastic . I cant imagine what guitar truss rod could be adjusted by the allen wrench set , 4 wrenches all too small . About the only things worthy on this kit are the string cutter and mini mag , which I suppose could come in handy for an emergency repair at a dark gig . Oh they through you a two sided screw driver incase you didnt have one of those . Fast shipping though .
 Nice box , let you have it all together , and avoid you missing any item , but too expensive for the tools that brings inside.You can buy everything separately much cheaper .
 Tech support is unbearable . . I was n't able to install it . . I ca n't UNINSTALL it . . it 's in my computer taking up CPU . . and Native Instruments Tech support is HORRIFYINGLY TERRIBLE . . We 've shot e-mails back and forth for a week . . The e-mails go nowhere because they keep asking my to send them screenshots of things I already explained three e-mails ago . . I tried calling , I got a very rude tech guy who told me to only e-mail from now on , and was n't helpful at all . . These people like to sell there products for top dollar ... but they do n't like to be responible for them if something goes wrong . . I recomend everybody buy their virtual instruments elsewhere . . I will . . There are plenty of other drum samplers out there . . I 'm giving it two stars because I did use this product for a couple of years on professional recordings but upon switching computers all this BS happened . . it ai n't worth it . .
 The box looks great . The program does not work upon install . It says it has to shut down and sends an error report . Tech support sends auto messages . Forum board has about 300 ANGRY people with similar problems . It does n't open or crashes or crashes with this and that platform . Very little , IF ANY , support . Software ca n't be returned so I 'm stuck and OUT $ 205.00 . PATHETIC !
 This company does not support Choral Music . Do not let the fact that they sell microphones and subscriptions to vocal ensembles mislead you . They do not have ANY choral music available to practice and have no plans to do so . This discrimination disappoints me . I can not support a company that promotes discrimination.This company also makes Finale . After discovering their attitude towards Vocal Ensembles , I am making plans to switch from Finale to Sibelius . If you are a Choral Director , you should too . If you are a Band or Orchestra Director , it would be helpful if you pressured the company not to continue this discrimination .
 I purchased this microphone to better record voices in my classroom as I was preparing video segments for National Board Certification . This microphone did not work effectively . I used it seven times , I guess , and then resorted to purchasing a different style from a local retailer . I was recording cooperative learning/small groups , so the focus group for the video was not the group physically near the camera -LRB- as the camera was `` behind '' another group -RRB- . This WAS the product recommended by the paperwork on National Board Certification , so I had high hopes . I did have to purchase an adapter to connect it to my 8mm camera . This could have been the problem . The sound recorded on the tape was from voices closer to the camera than the microphone.If you are looking for this product to differentiate voices for quality sound , I wish you the best of luck . If you are pursuing National Board Certification in teaching , I wish you the best of luck . Do n't wait ! Get started early with lots of practice videos so you can work out the problems with sound early!I DID achieve , by the way , so I do not have any hard feelings against the process or paperwork .
 I 've tried this mic under conditions in a small and large room for voice pickup , set on a table . It simply does n't have the range or sensitivity they 'd lead you to believe . The components in this mic probably cost $ 2 . They need to charge accordingly . I do n't see any benefit from what is purported to be cancellation of phase shifts or noise or whatever ... it 's basically a dull pickup under most circumstances . I do n't care how big the table is.Then , I tried recording a violin . I had to strap it to the violin to get good response/volume but the recording sounded like my ear was pressed to the violin . Right . So , pretty much an overpriced device that does n't perform well . Let 's hope they redesign it and discontinue this model .
 Warning
 One broke the first night now I have to buy my sister a new pair but it will not be this brand .
 This is a great concept program for creating your own techno style beats , but even with the patch it acts very buggy . It will crash or get stuck in a continuous loop . I do n't think I have ever purchased a program with so many flaws . -LRB- Well maybe `` Age of Sail 2 '' was worse . -RRB- Do n't waste you money on this ! There has to be a better program out there .
 A lot of good ideas , but none of them work . Too much graphics , animation and visual effects , which I believe affect how the program performs and creates delays in sound performance . Samples are fine , but if you want to record something new , you will be better off with an 1980 8-track .
 Both the Shure SM57 and SM58 microphones -LRB- which , by the way , are the same on the inside -RRB- are considered industry workhorses . You see these things pop up everywhere , from studios to live gigs to concerts on TV . They are everywhere . Which I find a bit strange because , frankly , they are n't that good.The design of these mics goes back about 40 years . But a lot has happened with microphone technology during that time . These models may have been very good decades ago , but they are really showing their age . The most prominent problem with them is the sound quality ... they are quite `` honky , '' making vocalists sound much more nasal than they really are . There are some situations where that might be okay -LRB- such as miking a guitar cabinet that lacks upper mid-range -RRB- , but these models do not make good vocal mics.In a shootout in my studio with more than 20 different models of mics , the SM57/58 were near the bottom of the list . Virtually every other microphone we tested sounded better . And I 'm not talking about comparing it to $ 3500 Neumann U87 mics either ... more than half of the mics we used were under $ 150 . Other , better choices in a similar price range are the AKG D5 , Heil Sound PR 22 , or stepping up to the Shure Beta 57 , which is much , much better . And all of which have better off-axis rejection and higher gain before feedback.I know that nearly everyone uses these mics , but that does n't actually mean they are that good . There are much better choices for your money.On the plus side , both the SM57 and SM58 are nearly bullet-proof . You can really abuse them and they 'll sound just like they did when they were brand-new .
 Do not buy from this seller , I bought a mic . and never received , I sent an e-mail and they said he was waiting for UPS for an answer where was the mic , I 've had to write to know my purchase ! Do not waste your money because you do not receive your product . This mic is one of the best , buy in a store but not here on Amazon .
 I just recently bought two 57 's from two different Amazon dealers at a very cheap price of $ 70 . After testing these microphones with other Shure 57 's and having a couple of expert local sound technicians spec-out the microphones , we discovered that these microphones were total counterfeits . True Shure microphones are typically very high quality microphones when they are direct from the Shure factory . If you go for the deal , check your microphone as soon as it arrives . If there are problems with your high-end being very sensitive and feeding-back and you have no low-end , it 's probably a counterfeit . Shure 57 's are pretty well balanced across the board with very little adjustments on your EQ.Go ahead , pay a higher price and buy them from your local music dealer or from an Internet store that you trust . There are counterfeits out there ... be careful !!! I normally rate genuine Shure 57 Microphones as 5-stars .
 I , like many others , have a SoundBlaster card . Cakewalk has numerous problems with SoundBlaster . It took me two hours to figure out how to just get some sound out of Cakewalk . I recorded a ten second vocal test but it would n't play back , nothing came out . Turns out there 's some deeply embedded setting you have to change in the software that you can only figure out after hours of searching through online chat-rooms . The metronome does n't work through the speakers , it only comes out of the PC 's internal speaker or MIDI . Being a musician I have no need for MIDI.I 'm a 16-year techie who happens to also be a musician . This is one of the worst pieces of software I have used in my entire adult life . If you 're a musician who just wants to sit down , press record , play some music , stop , play it back , tweak it a little , add more tracks , etc. ... sounds simple right ? Do n't buy this software . You will be screaming at the top of your lungs for a whole day and then putting it on eBay in an attempt to try and recoup the $ 150 you just spent on it .
 I did not think that the strings were to be unpacked.so oxidize and lose my money.deberian explicar que las cuerdas vienen individuales y sin empaque
 Frankly I did not like the design of the dispenser . Prefer vacuum packed strings . I have six guitars , I change my guitar strings simultaneously each month . I think in this case comes to damaging moisture easily release them the ropes yet . Dispenser design really bad , hard to pull some strings that 's not good , it hurts , buy this package by mistake , I 'm sorry
 I was excited when I bought the Korg TM-40 over two years ago , only to receive something of poor sound quality . It has many options to choose from from both the tuner and the metronome side , which I loved . But with the violin , the sound over powers the sound of the metronome . You can find much louder and better quality metronome for same or better price , this is not worth my money .
 Purchased this tuner , and I can honestly say it is worthless . I play mandolin , and I 've tried positioning this tuner near the mandolin , further back , numerous positions , tried tuning with and without a pick . This tuner will seem like it 's about to grab the note , , then suddenly it seems to forget what it 's doing . Especially when tuning the A or E strings on the mandolin , it just ca n't decide which note to indicate it is . On the E string , it will show E , then jump to A , or D , sometimes wo n't even show E at all ... this tuner is worthless . I had a professional piano tuner try it , same thing . He said the device is basically worthless ... my mandolin instructor concurrs ... do n't waste time or money on this overpriced piece of crap !
 The tuner is either too sensitive and is picking up overtones from my guitar , or mal functioning . I can not simply tune each string as the monitor needle dances around too much .
 I 'll keep it short . I liked the tuner , but in only four months it broke for no good reason . And yes , I changed the batteries ... a couple of times .
 After reviewing so many positive reviews from Amazon , I purchased Korg TM 40 . Initially , it worked very well . I threw all original packings coming with this product . To my surprise , it stops responding to E pitch from my violin string after 10 days . For G , D , A , pitchs , it responds inaccurately . For G , it goes from F , F# , D , and stop at G. For A , it goes from G , F , E , and so on . Now I can not return it to Amason because I do not have the original packing box . On the other hand , on the manual or Korg website , there is no phone number for you to call for help . It is a real piece of junk for this product and the service from korg . Do n't buy it .
 I ordered this product on this website after seeing all the good reviews about it . It has been used as a tuner for the past two months with no problems till today when the violin teacher wants to teach my boy how to use it as a metronome --------- it just shuts itself down completely every time she pushes the `` start '' button . After going through the whole user 's manuel and package box , I do n't see any warranty or contact information anywhere in the U. S. besides one phone number for Japan . I should have bought it here locally so that I can get replacement more easily . Now I can only hope the merchant I bought this tuner/metronome from will take care of me . It 's really not worth saving a few dollars buying on-line . I should have known better .
 I had boughted this brand new , and when I recieved the package , the box holding the met . was opened . Also the instructions were not in the best condition . Though I did revcieve it in the correct amount of time .
 I hope you forgive my bad English . I am so disappointed by Korg and this metronom . This is not a metronom made for musicians , but a noisy beep engine ! I am unable to support its aggressive sound more than two minutes ! You can choose 2 beats or 4 beats , but the result will be the the same ! More stupid is the graphical interface , where the display is made to make you loose your time . The buttons for Tempo are on the top but their display is placed just near the TAP and Beat buttons , so you want to spped up , but you change ther number of beats ! Furthermore the display of digits is too much small , so the `` Large Display '' as they say in publicity will not help you for nothing . The engine is realy too big but all the buttons are so little , just to make you crazy ! The Tuner is not at all precise , especially with high notes . I lost my money because I was confident with the name of Korg.I give it only one star as I can not give less that that ! Do n't buy it and even do n't accept it as a gift !
 This is a replacement for the tuner my daughter lost . I bought two to qualify free shipping . It is a good product and it is a little cheaper at Amazon.com . I have been a long time loyal costumer of Amazon for many years . This is the only time we got an unbelievable bad experience shopping Amazon -LRB- not 3nd party selling though Amazon -RRB- . The product did not arrive on expected delivery day via USPS . When I tried tracking number sent from Amazon in my email , it did not work either . When my wife contacted Amazon , the custom service 's solution was asking our neighbors and post office even they were told the tracking number was not even working . Our neighbors are more than a decade long friends in this quiet subdivision . None of them would not even have any use of this tuner if they somehow decided to keep it . After wasting an hour or so going back and forth , we finally got the supervisor . The replacement shipment was arranged through UPS and arrived just in time for my daughters ' concert.However , the nightmare did not end here . I received an email from Amazon soon after demanding return the USPS shipment we never received . If not , they will charge our credit card in our account . This resulted in another phone call to Amazon and my wife was told everything is OK now and do n't worry about that email . We had our doubt and sure enough at less than a month I received the second warning email -LRB- Dec. 18th -RRB- demanding return the item we never received at the first place or we will be charged . This lead to another phone call and apology from Amazon . At mean time , we bought our christmas gifts somewhere else that would have been Amazon 's business . A few dollars worth of saving ends up with tons of trouble and humiliation . The tuner itself is inexpensive and I can pick it up in five minutes from my house at our long time local music store.I hope Amazon management read my message and improve their customer service . Mistakes happen but the important thing is how you handle it . A small order is a test for large order or more orders to come .
 This is the worst guitar tuner I have ever owned . Am shopping for another one now . I own another Korg tuner -LRB- an analogue one -RRB- that is n't too bad .
 We found this difficult to use . I did n't understand the instructions and could n't get it to work the way I had hoped . We had planned to use this in teaching our children to play the trumpet . We have n't used it at all .
 This all-in-one device has most of the features you would need . The tuner works as well as any of the cheap-o Korg tuners out there , at least when used with a clarinet . The problem is , the two AA batteries do n't put out enough juice to allow you to hear the metronome while playing a wind instrument . Maybe if you played the lute or viol or something you 'd be okay . I recommend looking for metronomes that have at least a 9v battery as they tend to put out enough sound to be usable .
 I got the Korg tuner/metronome because I read a lot of reviews that said it was `` at least better than the others for the money '' . Plus the fact that Korg makes some of the finest keyboards in the business . But since I 've never owned any of the others , here 's my initial impression.Given the fact that electronics are SO compact these days , I was amazed at how large the unit is - considering all it does is clicks and beeps ! It seems there 's a lot of wasted space in the casing -LRB- the speaker grille is about 4 square inches but the speaker hole behind it is only 3/4 '' diameter -RRB- . And since the display was so large , I was thinking I would n't need my glasses - wrong . It 's about 3 sq.in . but most is wasted . The worst part is the tempo display for the metronome . It 's got to be less than a quarter inch high in hard to read font . Even though I wear glasses I have to ask some other guys in the band what tempo I have set . And that 's only if we 're in a well lighted room or daylight - because there is NO backlight available -LRB- forget about using it at night or on a dim stage -RRB- . When the metronome is running , a virtual needle moves back and forth on the screen and a pair of lights alternately flash on the beats . The click sound -LRB- not very loud -RRB- emphasizes the downbeat of each bar , but the lights do n't give you a clue as to where `` 1 '' is -LRB- for example , I would think it better if they could have a green light on the downbeat and red for the others -RRB- . I also plan on using this as an electronic `` pitch pipe '' for my acapella vocals , but the downside here is that I have to cycle through , and hear every note in the scale from C up to the note that I want to hear , instead of being able to select it , then play it.Overall , a bit disappointing I must say .
 I do n't expect this accordion to be a shining example of the highest quality instrument , but I 'm disappointed in the `` Chris '' accordion.What exactly is this brand `` Chris '' ? I just bought a Chris mini accordion like this , and it was exactly the same as the no name accordion I just tossed in the garbage because the bellows creaked loudly , like an old ship rocking , and it never got better , and then the keys started sticking for no reason.It had the same exact carrying case and chinese instructions.I was so excited to get a new one only to find that it creaks as well . However , it cost double . So I 'm really wondering if `` Chris '' is just a name stamped on to give it a `` brand '' . I 'm thinking seriously of returning this one except it puts me in a tight spot as I do n't have the time to wait for another to be sent to replace it , especially with the odds being low of _ that _ one working correctly.PS . I originally had one given to me by a friend that was pretty much the same looking -LRB- could that have been from the same manufacturer as well ? -RRB- , except it said Child Prodigy on top and it did _ not _ creak . So I know that this creaking is n't normal .
 I 've been using this pickup with the Fishman G-II preamp for months and have little good to say about it . I simply can not get the pickup to sound good on my instrument . In order to make it bearable I have to turn the treble nearly as low as possible , otherwise all that comes out is high pitched bow scraping noise . In addition , the carpenter jack is poorly designed and will not fit in my violin case . I have to attach and remove the pickup each time I use it . It The best thing about the pickup is that it is very easy to install . While it does the job of amplifying my violin , I can not recommend this pickup for a violinist serious about tone . There simply must be better options out there .
 Fishman V200 Professional Violin PickupI am using this pickup thru a preamp , and it does sound awful , it has the potential to sound good , the problem is inconsistency ; As soon as you move the PU one nanometer , the sound , tone and impedance is all different.Very hard to maintain , did n't like it 's sound . sounds `` piezoish '' like all other piezos in the market.Would love to hear about a PU -LRB- even bridge PU - must be feedback resistable -RRB- that has better results as far is it concerns `` acoustic tone '' .
 Hate it !! Upon installing I found out I needed several other quite expensive programs :-LRB- I would not suggest this kit to anyone b/c it does n't work with protools
 Got EZDrummer lite with my korg nanopad . Followed the instructions . Downloaded the software and it would n't install . Went all over the web , no solution . Found software in another part of their site , downloaded it again . This version installed . started to use it and it says to authorize it . Cool , no biggie , now we 're getting somewhere ! It gave me a computer code to enter and a link . Hit it , signed in , filled in the blanks and then now what ? There 's no button to enter the info . GRRRR !!! But wait ! Here 's an instructional youtube video right on the page . It tells me to do what I just did but shows a button that says `` authorize '' . Well that stupid button is covered up by a big pane that says `` your products '' on the real page with a tiny little edge showing that is not enough to click . GRRRRRR !!! So I find a link on the site `` contact webmaster '' and type in pretty much what I just typed here . I hit send and it says
 Let me first start by saying that EZDrummer does what it promises to do very well . I installed the software on my Windows XP PC and it worked perfectly , delivering very convincing drum sounds for my home recordings . However , when I attempted to install it on my laptop which runs Windows 7 -LRB- the computer I bought it for -RRB- , my opinion of it quickly soured . It wo n't install . Ive tried several different workarounds like copying the files from the disk to the hard drive and downloading the software from the Toontracks website . Nothing works . I keeps returning the same annoying error message . Toontracks recognizes that the software is incompatible and has a beta patch on their support page . However , that does me no good if I ca n't install the program so I can patch it.So while I think EZDrummer is a terrific software package , I ca n't recommend it to anyone with a Windows 7 -LRB- and I 'm guessing Vista -RRB- PC .
 Getting this program ` registered ' was easy . Just go to the Toontrack website , create an account , and take it from there . That was the EASY part.I have a Sweetwater Creation Station -LRB- Windows PC -RRB- , about 4 years old , running XP . My recording device is Pro Tools 003 Rack.After 24 hours of trying to get this to work ... I gave up . I trashed the program . It 's like I threw $ 70 out the window -LRB- what I paid for it -RRB- . I installed from the disk . Got several errors that I did n't understand , but you could ` ignore ' them . Understand ... the errors were there from the disc ... nothing wrong with my computer . Got everything loaded in ... tried SOLO , and this worked . Went into PRO TOOLS and was finally able to get the program to recognize the plug in . You have to create a STEREO INSTRUMENT track to be able to find EZ DRUMMER ... not that it said anything about this in any of the literature . At this point , you have to ` click and drag ' the midi files from EZ DRUMMER to the PRO TOOLS INSTRUMENT TRACK , and you could start building up your tracks . I would do this , but the midi files would never line up with the grid . Yes , I was in BEATS AND BARS . Well , after two days , I figured out how to fix the grid problem , which was inside Pro Tools ... you have to make sure even the GRID is in BEATS AND BARS . At that point , the program seemed to be working okay , but then I could never get a tempo problem fixed in Pro Tools . The tempo errors were
 First of all you need Midi Sequencer software to use this product . If you do n't have one be prepared to spend $ 100 to $ 500 for a descent one . The registration process for this product is very tedious and requires many steps . And after I have done all this the program still does n't work . My Midi Sequencer ca n't find the EZ Drummer plug in -LRB- wasted $ 150 on that -RRB- . I even downloaded Toontracks free Midi Sequencer and even it ca n't find the plug-in . So basically I have invested approximately $ 300 for absolutely nothing . If you are lucky enough to get it to work it does sound great .
 Let me start by saying that I 've only been working with EZdrummer for a day , but I still would like to share my experience so far . I ordered the physical DVD software package , so those of you considering this path , take note.First , after reading online about how miserable the installation , registration , and authentication process could be , I decided to read all of the installation instructions that Toontrack made available through the product manual and their online support , hoping to avoid others ' missteps . They do n't provide very thorough instructions from either resource . The majority of the information I found was from reading online reviews . Registration is easy . They made authentication more complicated than it should 've been . By using some fancy overzealous security measures they overrode my MacBook Pro 's ability to copy and paste the authentication code so I had to type it in manually . I do n't see how this improves their product security but it does make it more difficult for someone who legitimately bought their product . Annoying , yes , but not a big deal.Now , between those two steps I was instructed to download and install the software updates . Two of the patches installed successfully but the largest file , and what appeared to be the primary update , would not install , regardless of what I tried . So , I contacted their support and explained the problem . And this was the email response I received -LRB- yes , copy and pasted -RRB- : `` Certain older versions of EZdrummer that were printed on a DVD are not able to be updated to the latest version 1.3.1 . `` Umm , so why did you send Amazon , which then sent me , an obsolete product that ca n't be updated?The email response continues : `` The solution in this instance is to install the Full version of EZdrummer from the full download in your account , then install the 1.3.1 software update . `` Ok , so why did n't your website mention this immediately and in bold print , when I registered my DVD serial number ? And when I searched extensively throughout your website for an explanation as to why the update would n't install , why did n't I find that explanation anywhere ? If I understand correctly , you had some extra outdated product lying around the warehouse that you decided to ship out to your retailers because that saved a few dollars over destroying the obsolete product and producing new , updated DVDs ? Huh . That 's an odd way of winning over your customers.I will update this review after I have the chance to explore the software .
 I 've just returned the banjo to the seller after trying to get it in tune for the last couple of weeks . I 'm not sure what was wrong with this banjo but I could not get it to even sound close to what a banjo should sound like . I will point out that Musician 's Friend has been easy to work with so far . I 'll post an update after they receive my return as far as how quickly they credit my refund and if they charge me a restocking fee -LRB- they should n't as I 've returned everything to them in the original packing and in perfect condition -RRB- .
 I ordered this product Aug 3 and then received notification on Aug 31st , which is the last day that it was supposed to be delivered , that I have to wait until Sept 10-17 to get it shipped . I 'm cancelling my order and not doing business with this seller in the future !
 I purchased this saxophone maintenance kit by Herco , and when it came in I read the instructions . It seemed pretty straight-forward , but when I went to use the swabs that you run through the neck piece and the horn body , they both snapped of inside the horn , even under very gently pressure . It took me several minutes to clear out my horn . The cork grease was ok , but I 'm not even going to try to put the key oil on my horn , because everything else is of such low quality . While I do use the mouthpiece brush , that is it . I can not recommend this to anyone .
 I received the case in good time and in new condition . Like many other people have commented on other sites , the inside has an unpleasant odor . Smells like Playdoe . Hopefully it will go away with time . My Gretsch jumbo rancher acoustic fits nicely in the case . It seems like a strong case . I wouldnt use it for touring . But for general hauling around , its fine . One other gripe i have is it does not have a locking latch which allows anyone to mess with your guitar when your not around . Take that back , it has provisions for a small padlock to be put on the middle latch . The hardware holding the handle on looks questionable ? Its not a lightweight case . Its made from wood but as long as it isnt exposed to extreme conditions it should last a while . The price was fair at one bill . Update
 My ex , Bobs , was strung out on this stuff for quite a while . He started out using it just on the weekends , when he would play with the Philharmonic Orchestra . Eventually his addiction progressed and we caught him in the music room at the local high school , licking the violin pegs and jonesin ' like crazy . Our neighbor and retired DEA agent , Chompson , suggested that we do an intervention . Bobs was in rehab for almost two years and I visited him religiously once a month . When he got out he was a changed man . He took up cowbells and rigorously avoided all music produced by stringed instruments . After I left him for the butcher at A&P , I heard rumours that he 'd relapsed ; and now all he does is sit in the study with the shades drawn and listen to Brahms ' Violin Concerto in D Major over and over again .
 We purchased 10 sets of these for a set-up . Within 6 months , the power button stopped working -LRB- it will no longer stay `` in/on '' -RRB- on all 10 of them -LRB- at first we thought it was just one bad pair -RRB- . Sound is OK on them but does one no good if they will not stay on . Duct tape is our next solution . We had liked them until the the power issue .
 Although other reviewers have given it a solid 4.0 stars , I consider this guitar a waste of money . Sure it 's $ 99 -LRB- at the time of this review -RRB- , but you will ultimately beg to have a more quality set up.My gripes :1 . After playing for awhile the 1/4 locknut washer for the output fell off . I re-attached , but now the darn thing does n't produce any more sound through the amp .2 . One needs to constantly tune the strings . If you just love spending a lot of time trying to tune rather than play , get this guitar.I read someone else 's review and mentioned the same locknut washer problem , yet they still gave this guitar a 4 star review . I beg to differ . Some people have lowered expectations I suppose.I 'm opting for the Epiphone LP Special II Les Paul Collection Electric Guitar . It 's $ 69 more , but I 'd rather spend that difference now with quality pick-ups , headstock , and bridge ... rather than having to stare at a $ 99 mess now .
 Bought this for my son . Rust on the strings . Frets sticking out not filed down . Pickups not aligned and lopsided . Rattled -LRB- not buzzing -RRB- when playing the Low e . This is unacceptable .
 I play acoustic guitar and wanted to expand my bluegrass . When the mandolin arrived there were pieces in the box . The metal end was off , key laying in the box and a broken string . I got that fixed , when 2 other strings broke . Also , the black piece , strumming protector fell off . I took it to the music store where they chuckled and said it was not worth fixing . I did n't want to spend tons of money , because I was not sure I would like playing ; but , I have own this for 5 years and afraid to even strum it , for it might break .
 Poor audio quality
 This company discontinued their support for their older , but recent , products , rather than offer drivers for 64 bit systems . They do not stand behind what they sell ... no matter how good a product is , if support dries up , it becomes so much useless junk in a hurry .
 I bought this device after reading positive reviews , but after receiving the product I found sound quality is not as good as claimed . I tried this device on Dell Inspiron E1405 -LRB- Vista -RRB- and Compaq nc6220 -LRB- XP -RRB- . In both these laptops I installed latest drivers and and compared the sound quality between default audio out and this Turtle Beach `` Advantage Micro '' usb sound card , I used standard headphones -LRB- one is plug type another is open air type -RRB- and Onkyo receiver . result is disappointing , I found Laptops inbuilt sound cards are better than this on sound quality . On positive side sound from `` Advantage Micro '' is louder than default laptop audio out , and the software does some digital processing and can produce different sound effects . For me this digital sound enhancement is not of much use because it introduces distortion of original sound . Another positive thing is , it has optical out I can connect my laptop to my receiver . For me clarity of sound is more important than anything so I can not give it more than 2 star.As per my comparison and test following are the results for sound quality ; Inspiron E1405 default audio - 7 out of 10Compaq nc6220 default audio - 5.5 out of 10Inspiron E1405 with Advantage Micro-5 out of 10Compaq nc6220 with Advantage Micro-5 out of 10
 DOES NOT WORK ON VISTA . SOOOOO disappointed because my laptop sound completely disappeared with Vista upgrade -LRB- save for the Windows startup music -RRB- . I thought this new sound card would bring my sounds back . Might have , but it says not compatible with Vista . I guess I 'll be getting a new computer . : -LRB-
 I purchased this product to try to get around the poor audio quality for my Dell notebook , which produces a high-pitched whine on the headphone output . While the Turtle Beach Audio Advantage does not have the whine , it does produces an audible distortion with its output . Its a buzzing , warbling sound that is correlated to the audio and which is not present when not using the normal headphone out port . I tried multiple USB ports & headphones with the same result . This is when I noticed that the driver is bound to one and only one USB port . If you switch ports , you have to uninstall the old driver , and reinstall it for the new port , and reboot ! This has unintended byproduct of resetting the audio levels to maximum , which is loud enough to cause pain . This driver issue is a huge hassle with a laptop , as I have to switch between docking station and laptop USB ports , depending on if its docked or not . All in all , I am very unhappy with the product .
 Originally I wanted a line out for my klipsh promedia 2.1 for my toshiba satellite u200 which apparently , this does not provide.I tried it with my IEMs -LRB- UE SuperFi 5 Pro -RRB- and I get lots of hiss throughout the volume range when using with IEMs . The onboard -LRB- soundmax integrated digital hd audio -RRB- sound has basically no noise . No idea why the TBAAM is so bad.Software sucks too . Once you install it in one usb port , you ca n't move it to another port without reinstalling the software . This is the only usb device I 've ever had do this . Seriously .
 Some of you guys must have some crummy soundcards installed on your machines if this widget sounds better than your stock unit.In theory of course , the AA micro should be the business . It 's a dedicated D/A or D/D unit as far as I can tell . But the transients are terribly produced - No solid sound stage , I 'm also hearing added noise . And I 'm not expecting audiophile quality either ! I 'm using a mid range pair of Sennheisers on my IBM X40 Thinkpad . Seriously , the installed sound card is quieter and does a far better job . I tried a variety of apps -LRB- musicmatch , mediaplayer , audition -RRB- with the same results . The noise is not constant , so must be in the conversion stages , instead of interference.Wanted to love this - but it 's rubbish .
 I loved this little guy initially , but have had all kinds of problems since then . It does n't like it when I surf the Internet . I start getting all kinds of static . I have to remove the device from the USB port , then reinsert it to eliminate the noise . Swearing also helps . I 've also had to reinstall the drivers several times . And it simply stops working occasionally . Highly disrecommended .
 I ordered the TBAAM thinking it would provide better sound than my soundmax integrated audio on my 5 yr old laptop . And I was WRONG ! the TBAAM sounds murky , unclear , and simply awful . NOT recommended .
 ... but not if you are listening classical and have more than below average requirements regarding sound reproduction quality . There is a `` hiss '' present all the time , cracking noises , nonlinear distortion , echo and other artifacts . I tried installing/uninstalling drivers , getting new drivers , all with no effect . If you want quality , get external sound device from XITEL
 Even when unchecking the `` Loudness '' switch in Gnome 's volume control , my Sennheiser CX300 headphones cause me pain when connected to this sound card at volume 2/100 -LRB- the lowest setting that produces sound -RRB- .
 Like most device drivers the Turtle Beach specific driver needs to be installed with Administrative rights . Nothing unusual.However , when a Non Administrator logs on -LRB- as is good security practice -RRB- the driver says is needs to be reinstalled , which is not possible without Administrator rights . Catch-22 . Not usable for me as I do n't use the Administrator account except for special purposes , a security `` best practice '' . Without the Turtle Beach specific driver it works as a generic USB sound card with the default Microsoft driver -LRB- no reinstallation required ! -RRB- . No special sound effects then , so not worth the extra price premium over a generic USB sound card.Too bad the poor software implementation ruined a good piece of hardware , as when it works it sounds great .
 First of all , this device is incompatible with Windows Vista . This should n't really come as a surprise , as Microsoft 's new OS tripped up more than a few of my devices . Essentially , since the software/Turtle Beach driver package wo n't work , it simply functions as a speaker jack . If you have need of a $ 30 USB speaker jack that asks you to install it every time your computer is booted up , I have the product for you . It looks as if Turtle Beach will not be releasing Windows Vista drivers , meaning those of us who upgraded are pretty much out of luck.This would be excusable if the device actually functioned , however . Again , the Vista compatibility issues are MS ' problem -LSB- mostly -RSB- , not Turtle Beach 's . The reviews stated that even with MS ' generic audio drivers , the Turtle Beach is a step above integrated sound . This is false ; the sound that is emitted from the card is simply abominable . Scratchy , hissy and distorted are the first words that come to my mind . It 's unfortunate , too , because the treble/mid-range seemed spot on in the Red Hot Chili Peppers ' `` Snow -LRB- Hey Oh -RRB- '' . The static being emitted from my speakers/headphones -LRB- I tested with both -RRB- was just too much , though . Think AM radio and you have the picture . The bass was absolutely horrendous and tinny sounding -- essentially ever drum blast sounded high pitched and empty sounding , as if someone was tapping a can.Save your $ 30 and put them towards something else . A weak effort from Turtle Beach .
 From Adobe 's website ... Effective December 13 , Adobe disabled the activation server for CS2 products and Acrobat 7 . If you install Acrobat 7 or a CS2 application , the activation fails and returns the error , `` Activation Server Unavailable . `` Adobe has done nothing to correct this issue but offer downloads of incomplete packages . If you buy this product you will not be able to activate any of the Production Studio Premium software and will be left with a gaping hole in your bank account .
 I can not tell if the product is good because I had to cancel my order right after I placed it . It was a big mistake to shop at www.crystalcello.net . They added 10 % tax and 25 % shipping on a top of the price AFTER i clicked `` send order '' button . $ 25 % from California to California AFTER the order was placed ? Really ? I will remember to mention this company when my students asking where to shop online :-RRB- Do n't get me wrong - it had nothing to do with Amazon .
 The violin was received on time but it doesnot tune at all . have tried several times but its doesnot work.the teacher recommended this was a bad buy.I would like to return the item , but have no contact add or phone number.I would stop buying items in Amazon from now as their after sale service is bad.I have the violin packaging but whom to send , whom to contact ?
 Where to begin.It smells , it is beyond ugly , plays like a nightmare , the string spacing is sloppily done , the `` finish '' is not finished -LRB- cuts out just below the head . Nothing about it is good . I took it to my instrument technician and he said it would cost about $ 80 to get it playable . More than this P.O.S. cost plus shipping . Pass this one up . It is not worth it . At all . I firmly believe that these reviews are fabricated by the seller , because if anybody truly believes that this violin is beautiful , they need to see an eye doctor . This thing is disgusting .
 I ordered 3 of these violins in various sizes for myself and my two daughters . One arrived with a broken tuner . The company did replace it but more started to break . Our violin teacher was not happy with quality and we were not able to keep any of the three violins in tune for longer than an hour even a month post purchase . When I tried to return the 3 sub-par violins , this company would not accept returns since it was after 14 days . I am disappointed and would not recommend this purchase to anyone .
 I made the mistake of ordering this case for my Epiphone 12 string , which had come without one . I was on a tight budget at the time , and thus thought that I had found a rather good deal . In hindsight , I should have just kept the cardboard box that my guitar had been shipped to me in.The `` hard case '' is not hard at all , and provides little to no protection . It is extremely thin and flimsy , able to bend out of shape with one carry . It may be advertised as a 12 string case , but my axe has to be squeezed into it to fit , knocking it out of tune every time . The latches at the head , neck , and main body area do n't line up properly , and there is an area of the case itself that needs to be forced closed , even when the case is empty.The craftsmanship of the interior is atrocious . There is absolutely no padding to protect the finish of your investment ; The storage area is ill-sized and not flush with the bottom of the case , allowing room for loose picks and such to slide out into the main area -LRB- and the lid to the storage area is improperly cut to fit as well -RRB- ; The pressed paper-like material making up the inside quickly begins to peel.Do yourself a favor
 This was the first drum set I ever owned back when I first started playing about 12 years ago.The drums themselves are made of your standard hardwood - they sound like garbage with the included heads , so if for some reason you buy these , make sure to also buy a set of quality Remo or Evans heads . The lugs can be difficult to adjust at times -LRB- metal lugs on metal washers is not the best combination -RRB- , making fine tuning of the drum near impossible.The hardware is `` double braced , '' true , but that does n't do much good when the stands break after about 3 to 4 months of regular use . The bolts used to tighten the stands broke on me completely after a short period of time , and since these stands do n't come with memory locks , they become useless if this ever happens.The included drum pedal is perhaps the worst atrocity ever committed against the world of drums and percussion - the piece of metal that actually holds the beater is a smooth cylinder instead of a hexagonal cylinder , which means that after a few uses , the beater will eventually begin to slide more and more forward as you 're playing . My immediate thought when this happened was to simply tighten the beater-holder to the cylinder ; and of course this resulted in the bolt becoming warped , making the pedal completely useless.I do n't know if Percussion Plus still includes a stool with this package . If they do , rest assured that it is the most uncomfortable piece of cushion that your buttocks will experience . In addition , the legs that actually support the throne are flimsy , making it very easy to lose balance while playing.The only reason for buying such a poor quality drum set is if you 're buying it for your kid and do n't want to make a huge investment in something that they 're probably not going to pursue for more than 2 months.However , if you or your children are serious about drumming , whether as a career or a hobby -LRB- like me -RRB- , look elsewhere . Pearl makes a great entry level kit , and though it may be slightly more expensive , you 'll actually save money by not having to buy new stands , pedals , and thrones a few months into your purchase .
 You get what you pay for . It wo n't stay in tune and only tunes in large increments . Also feels like a heavy chunk of plastic . What can I expect for $ 120 .
 As others have mentioned , this ships without the bridge installed . This mandolin is presumably marketed to beginners , most of whom will have no idea how to correctly install a bridge . There are also no bridge installation instructions included . Essentially , this thing arrives as a pretty brick that is unplayable until you either a
 I have ordered a total of seven mandolins in the past six months ago . These have included Rogue brand , Johnson A type -LRB- which seems to be identical to the forty dollar Rogue black mandolin except for the name , an Ariana A type , and two of these Dean instrument.I think that these instruments are superb for two hundred bucks . Unlike the other mandolins mentioned above , they are made in Korea as opposed to China.China seems to crank out good stuff but Korea seems to do a really excellent job . My first mandolin , which I picked up in a music store in the Washington , D.C. area in the seventies , was of Korean manufacture and it gave me years and years of service.Since I do n't wish to spend hundreds or even thousands of dollars on an instrument , I decided that this mandolin would be my instrument of choice . This is why I ordered two of the things both now nicely ensconced in hardshell mandolin cases from Musician 's Friend.This mandolin did come with the bridge sort of set up so I guess the people who sell the thing are reading these reviews . If that is the case , 8th Street Music , let me just say that I have a lot of reservations about the quality of your packing though no complaints about getting the thing quickly . I think it was something of a matter of luck that both mandolins seem to have come through undamaged.While we 're on the subject
 I tried this Neotech strap along with theNeotech Mega Accordion Harness , Black . I found the Mega strap to be extremely comfortable , but this one to be very uncomfortable . The contoured design did not seem to fit my body shape . Build quality and materials seem very good , though . Thus the reason for 2 stars . I did email the company to report my problems to see if they had any solutions . I have not received a reply yet , so I am taking off 1 additional star for poor customer service .
 The guitar had some fatal flaws with it . The high E string buzzed when fretted anywhere , and the rest of the strings buzzed when fretted at 14 or higher . Then the buzzing got worse , so I took it to a dealer , who had it replaced with a much nicer D10SCE with Fishburn electronics , after a 6 week wait and an additional $ 50 . A seam failed in the gig back also , but Washburn replaced it with a nice hard case . Apart from some frustrating hours , I came out on top with this transaction . I believe this guitar is discontinued . Let 's hope so .
 There 's a reason why this strap is relatively inexpensive - it is n't very good .1 . The polypropylene web that the strap is made of is grating against the skin . I keep adjusting my shirt while playing so that the rough material of the strap wo n't dig into my neck or shoulder .2 . Planet Waves ' gimmick - the supposedly universal strap lock - is actually a hinderance . The locks are so large and bulky that they interfere with the guitar 's body . I ca n't use the strap on my acoustic , because the lock is too big to fit onto the strap button located where the guitar neck joins the body . It 's also annoying to use the strap on my Les Paul-type electric because - AGAIN - the lock mechanism is so bulky that it constantly interferes with the amp cable where it plugs into the output socket on the guitar.I was taken in by the low price & the company 's marketing blurb . Now I have to buy an actually decent strap and am stuck with Planet Waves ' inferior product . Do n't do the same .
 This product looks fresh and pretty in color , but in reality the guitar strap 's color looks nothing like the official picture .
 Call me a sissy or what you may , but when I use this strap , the back of the front end of it rubs against my skin and after a few minutes REALLY starts to hurt . I have adjusted the strap every which way and it 's just not even worth it . Pay a little more and get the d'addario strap that clips on . I was too big of a cheap ass to pay for another one of them , and I regret it .
 Good but too much fuss , they did not fit on my end pins but free ones can be obtained from the company with the purchase of the product that do fit , its annoying to deal with
 Unlike all the reviews I 'm seeing and the picture of the item itself , my strap did not come with any kind of locks on it . It 's just a regular red strap with leather -LRB- or fake leather -RRB- ends to stick the strap pins into . There 's no locking mechanism to speak of . I do n't know if I was just sent the wrong item or what , but it 's a Planet Waves strap , looks otherwise identical to the picture above .
 These straps are a good idea , in concept . They appeal to people who do n't want to modify their guitars . I get that -- you start screwing around with your guitar 's hardware and suddenly you 're down the rabbit hole , clicking around on random message boards and hoping that what you 're reading is accurate and that you 're not too mechanically stupid to pull it off . We 've all felt this way.So what 's the problem with straps like this ? The giant plastic thing on the end acts as a lever . If you move your guitar from side to side at all -LRB- relative to the strap -RRB- , not just up and down , you 'll see that the plastic pushes against the body of your guitar and PULLS THE SCREW/BUTTON away from the guitar . It works identically to the two prongs on the back of a hammer that are used to pull nails out of wood . Over time , the Planet Waves strap wiggles and pulls on that screw more and more until it pulls straight out of your guitar , ripping out the wood along with it and sending your guitar hurtling towards your toes.I know this because It happened to me after using a planet waves strap for about a year . Luckily , it was n't at a show . If the strap button rips out of your guitar at a gig -LRB- and the rest of the guitar is n't damaged from the fall -RRB- , you 'll be sitting on a barstool for the rest of the set , looking like a straight-up idiot . -LRB- Especially if you play any loud style of music and everyone else on stage is running around/freaking out . -RRB- Installing real locking strap buttons is super easy . Can you turn a screw ? Yes ? Then you can do it . Or , go to your local guitar repair person and have him/her install them for $ 30 or whatever . You 'll never have to worry about it again.Don ' t break your toes or damage your guitar . Get a real locking system from Dunlop or Schaller .
 There are cheap plastic buckles on this strap . I caught my $ 1000 Les Paul just before it hit the ground . The buckle literally cracked and fell apart .
 I got one of these as a gift and it does n't fit on Jackson strap buttons and it ripped the strap buttons out of my PRS because the ends are too rigid to flex I have owned 9 guitars and it has only fit two the PRS which it damaged and my Gibson which has Dunlop strap locks so it was just a test and I would n't leave them on it I would recommend buying Dunlop strap locks instead because you can have a mor comfortable strap that wo n't destroy your guitar
 strap locks do n't fit over the large strap buttons on my ASAT so its useless for me . Would be nice if they told us what it is compatible with or not compatible with
 I initially thought I bought a good strap until the rubber on the ends of the strap started fading away . The plastic under the rubber scratched my guitar around the strap pegs . After a couple months of using it one of the plastic ends snapped off while I was playing a show . It 's also pretty awkward because the plastic ends of the strap are n't moveable .
 i dont write many reviews but i ordered 3 of these just to stock up on basic extra straps so im never without one on a gig ... WAY TOO LONG ! to get the guitar -LRB- strat -RRB- up to a practice -LRB- abdomen -RRB- level your almost out of room for the buckles to take any more slack . i dont know how more reviewers dont notice this but if you wear your guitar up high you 'll be out of luck here ... i have plenty of straps and these seem like theyre made in `` Tall '' size ... just checked back and no , they appear normal in the ads . im normal height and size , like i said all my other straps are fine . i dont like the feel of the strap being fully doubled up with slack.i would NOT recommend these if you dont wear the guitar around your knees .
 When I got my strap I was really excited about it but , that excitement wore off as soon as I saw that , because my guitar has the pin in the back of the guitar , the only way of fitting the lock in it would make the design of the strap backwards and there is no way to fit it any other way . If the lock is design to only be able to fit it one way , at the very least it should say in the description that guitars that have the forward pin in the back of the body will not be able to use this locks .
 I clicked on a strap with the locking ends . When I changed the color aparently it changed it to a strap without the locking ends . Bad glitch with the system , the strap is fine for a non locking strap but that 's not what I ordered .
 its a guitar strap . fits like one . i had trouble with it because it came smelling like a smokers den . the smell in itself kept me wary for days . it hold the guitar , but not pleasanTly . : - -RRB-
 Order this strap for my son and paid more than the other straps on Amazon b ` cosof the nice looking hardware and sturdy looking straps.Rcvd the straps to find that it was not what we ordered at all . We sent a message to the seller and no response til 3 days.Seller requested to send a photo of what we received . I decided not to pursue b ` cos it would take another 3 days problably to get the 2nd response.I never had problems ordering from Amazon b/4 but ordering this strap and a guitar bag from another seller -LRB- which they also sent the wrong one -RRB- I will have to be very careful about ordering in the future .
 Just bought this strap , not very pleased . It does n't fit my hollow body -LRB- ibanez ag95 -RRB- and on the guitars it does fit i would be afraid of using . It seems that after a bit of use it would start taking off the finish of the guitar . the actual strap does n't feel too comfortable either . Im going to stick with Levy 's leather straps from now on . they may cost more but are worth the money .
 It all comes down to common sense
 I have been playing flute for several years , and teaching flute for 6 , and in my professional opinion and that of other professionals I 've had the pleasure of talking to , these are absolutely AWFUL to use in a flute . Yes , they absorb the moisture from the pads , but upon leaving it IN the flute , they just redistribute the bacteria , and any moisture that did n't evaporate . This can result in untimely repairs and pad replacements to your instrument.More than once the bacteria from these little fluffy wands made me sick again after I 'd had a bout of cold or flu . They are NOT a good investment for your instrument.If you MUST use these , DO NOT LEAVE IT IN YOUR FLUTE . They are fine for cleaning , but do n't let it sit in your flute . Let it dry before putting it away because the moisture contained in it helps to harbor the bacteria.Take it from a flute teacher with entirely too much experience with these , DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THESE .
 I bought this to use with the On-stage 10 ft lighting truss system . If it were 6 inches longer it would be a three star bag . I ended up using it just to carry the tripods , and it is poorly designed even for that purpose . The carry straps are long enough that you could carry the case like a backpack , but the straps are so thin that they hurt horribly if you put them over your shoulders . Also the zipper is stops about 2 inches form the edge of each side . It should zip down the sides to allow the bag to lay flat for easier loading .
 Yeah , this thing is junk . I was scoring `` Freebird '' as a banjo piece with cello accents highlighted in the background and the banjo sound reproduction was terrible , the dotted half notes were in sequence with the 3/8ths and 5/16ths ... and do n't get me started on how the treble cleff was out of allignment causing my measures -LRB- and eventually verses -RRB- to slide in to one another . I gave this program 1 star because it did n't give me the option of putting a barfing face for a rating . Yeah , this thing is junk .
 OK , I dont know If that is how they are supposed to be or what but the package came open and only the las 3 strings were labeled as `` stainless '' the e B and G strings where normal strings , they even were labeled as `` for electric or acoustic '' and they started rusting after a while ... . I would recomend the elixir strings instead of this , those last WAY LONGER , they are a bit mor expensive but hey are worth every penny , not like this ones !
 I got these quickly . However , 4 hours after installing them on my Steinberger headless guitar with a regular string adapter , 2 of the upper strings -LRB- E & B -RRB- unravelled from the ball end and not where they are compressed by the adapter . This was at a gig and luckily I brought another Steinberger -LRB- with similar regular string adapter -RRB- that I strung with another brand of string and I was able to complete the show and get paid ! I do n't think I will ever buy them again . I will try the other 2 sets that I bought on a conventional guitar but wo n't and ca n't rely on them in a professional situation . I use stainless steel for the resistance to sweat that here in Florida is a way of gigging life . No problem with other brands .
 Bought an electric guitar from this seller . There were problems from day one . I e-mailed the seller about the problems , got a response asking me for details , I sent details , but suddenly , after 30 days passed , they stopped responding to my e-mails . I continued to send e-mails , I called , nothing . Now , just two months later the guitar is totally broken and does n't play at all . My son is totally crushed . Austin Bazaar does n't stand by their products , and Amazon does n't stand by their partners . SAVE YOUR MONEY . DO N'T BUY A HUNK OF JUNK FROM THESE CROOKED SELLERS .
 Screws stripped out of wood anchors on both p-bass half pups ! I week out of 30 day return . I have purchased over 200 guitars for my shop , and this Austin Bazaar trash wood Chinese termite food in Zebra is the worst i 've EVER encountered . This was a Christmas gift sent right to the relation . With all the holiday hub bub , the 30 day return ran out as my 14 year old Nephew did not tell me until Valentines Day!Forewood . My nephew brought back , firewood . Terrible , terrible , terrible , excuse for a wall hanging . I 'm still upset as all my other purchases , -LRB- hundreds -RRB- that this hunk of junk made it to the listings here.Pretty obvious recommendation -------- steer clear of this pile of panda droppings!STAYYYYYYY ------- AWAYYYYYYYYYYYY!BOOOOOOOO ------ HISSSSSSSSSSSSSS!NO , NO , NO!THEIR BADDDDDDD !
 I bought this bass guitar as a starter for my son based on the good reviews I read . The neck is entirely warped and the amplifier was indented . That 's how we received it . Unfortunately , my son broke his finger right when we bought this and he was unable to play it for a few weeks . By the time he took it to his teacher and the defects were identified , we were beyond the 30 day return period . The seller , Austin Bazaar , never returned my emails or request for a replacement . Amazon tried to help but was unable to convince the seller to replace it . You 'd be much better off going to Guitar Center and buying a starter guitar there - at least you can see what you 're getting . Do n't waste your money on this guitar . The seller has atrocious customer service .
 This guitar was given to my daughter , she loves anything zebra related . But does n't really play.The guitar has always been gently used . The strap broke within two weeks and was quickly replaced by Austin Bazaar.Within two months the fretboard nut snapped in two and the emails began . I still have not heard a peep from Austin Bazaar . I started to pursue the issue with Amazon directly and this was not an easy process either . Kept getting back that I did n't email within 90 days of purchase which is NOT the truth . FINALLY after some direct phone calls Amazon has offered to reimburse up to a certain amount for the repair.When we got an estimate today on fixing the nut at a local guitar shop they quoted us $ 50 to $ 60 - . This was not as much as Amazon offered us . We 'll see what happens ...
 I know I 'll get hammered for even attempting to write something negative , but I have to say this . I bought this dvd on the basis of the reviews & I got ta say that as a big fan of the group , I was disappointed with this concert . The band was flat . Simple as that . I did n't even finish watching it . I understand that this reunion was n't something that Bruce and Baker , who ca n't stand each other , really wanted to do -LRB- they 've admitted that it was more for financial reasons than anything else -RRB- and it shows . The performances just do n't have any enthusiasm . If you watch old Cream from the 60 's , the intensity that they played with back then was seriously lacking .
 tired old men who were never really all that `` back in the day '' . Overrated in their heyday . Time has n't been kind too any of the 3 . A few -LRB- very few -RRB- of their tunes got to me back in the 60 's . But even their finest moment `` Crossroads '' from Wheels of Fire , sounds lethargic , tired , and lacking impact or emotion.Take off the rose colored glasses and look again . The creme de la Cream , this is NOT .
 This would have been a great Cream show if Jack and Ginger had toured with a handful of great guitarists instead tired , worn out Eric Clapton . Eric 's a bit of a bore -- it 's obvious when he 's interviewed -- but proved without doubt in his playing . If they had toured with Eddie Van Halen , Buddy Guy , Jeff Beck and Robin Trower - this would have been the show it should have been . There 's just enough here to get you excited , then let down everytime you focus on Eric 's horrible tone and thoughtless solos . If Eric had played a different 335 and SG everynight , he could have sold each for a small fortune afterwards , and made the show sound stronger . I do n't think he ever even used the bridge position on his stratocaster !
 Like they 're going through the motions . The original farewell concert had better emotion & power than this . Maybe they should have recorded the New York reunion shows instead .
 As a true Cream and British rock fan , this show is a complete disappointment . I had high expectations and was really let down . Clapton was , is , and will always be , one of my favorite musicians , but this was NOT Cream . It was more like Clapton 's newer pop stuff . The 2005 show was completely watered-down , tired , and commercialized . Jack Bruce was excellent on bass , but it just did not come close the the edgy intensity of the early days . I guess I was expecting magic . I should have rented it before I purchased it . After watching this concert , I had to pop in the 1968 Farewell concert to get the horrible taste out of my mouth .
 Although the track listings on both Amazaon and the Cream 2005 site describe this CD set as being the complete show , IT IS NOT - `` Sitting on Top of the World '' has been dropped . Why - who can guess ? There is plenty of room on the CDs , and there is a very good recording of the song on the DVD , but for reasons known only to themselves the record company decided to omit this number . -LSB- ... -RSB- This release is a disgrace . I wish I could give it zero stars .
 The lads really sound like it was past their bedtime . They sure put me to sleep . Just going through the motions for the dough I guess . Clapton 's Stratocaster comes up short . It just does n't have that tone . Maybe the drugs they were taking back in the sixties were better . Overall , a major disappointment .
 Jack is obviously not well . Ginger 's kit sounds like an 80 's pop band and Eric should just throw away that awful sounding Strat.Ok we ca n't have a replica I know.Eric 's choice of notes is just not as good as it used to be . He was way more adventurous back in the day.No more of the lyrical phrasing , the calm excitement and melodies under extreme pressure . All gone and replaced with just going through the motions.I hope Jack and Ginger make a buck out of it . They certainly deserve it.The music died the day Clapton picked up a Stratocaster . He never really bonded with it.Anyway it looks like a lounge band playing covers . Very polite and laidback and nothing new to say .
 I can not believe that people actually listen to the live Cream reunion CD and compare it to ANY of their live stuff from the past ! There 's NoFire in their instrumentation , and the vocals are weak . N.S.U. ? It 's a joke ! Everything sounds like it 's being played at half-speed . It might have been phenomenal to see them live again after 35 + years , but I do n'thear it in the music . Compare Live Cream , Volume II to the 2005 versionand you 'll hear the difference .
 I have to admit that I have had an unnatural attraction for Cream 's busy , jittery and bombastic blues improvisations for decades , as they 've been a source of pleasure since I saw them first and three time total at Detroit 's Grande Ballroom in the late Sixties . Euphoric recall ? Maybe , but I still play the thirteen minutes of `` Spoonful '' from Wheels of Fire a couple of times a year , and the sheer mania of Goodbye 's `` I 'm So Glad '' gets played just as often.The riffs , interweaving and interjections of the three musicians holding the stage was a busy sort of vibe that was somewhere between musical worlds -- too fast and loud for blues , too repetitive and unmelodious for jazz , too arty for rock and roll . It was a sound from the the nascent electronic wilderness that was a new kind improvisational sound , influenced by the three aforementioned styles -LRB- with occasional garnishes from Classical or English music all traditions -RRB- , but coming in the end as a new sort of strident , crackling noise ; metallic , assertive , all conquering , sometimes searing when guitarist Eric Clapton was in the mood and made each of his blues intonations speak volumes of what his own voice could not manage.It is something that has less to do with sheer mastery of their respective instruments -- in a heartbeat I could name a dozen musicians who are better guitarists , bassists and drummers than Eric Clapton , Jack Bruce and Ginger Baker -- but with how the three of these guys gibed and gelled , how well their busy techniques meshed . `` Meshed '' might not be the right word , but what it gets called , Cream 's sound was a wonderful clash of distortion and blue notes , a feedback laden trio of howling wolves . There is less of that shamanistic howl in the reunion double CD set Royal Albert Hall May 2-3-5-6 2005 , which is understandable given that all three members -- Ginger Baker , Jack Bruce and Eric Clapton on drums , bass and guitar respectively -- are in their Sixties . It would n't be incorrect to say that there are enough rousing performances here of old Cream and blues standards to fill one excellent live disc . Still , this is better than any expectation I 've had over the last four decades daydreaming in off hours about a make believe reunion ; the performances are solid for the most part , and I 'm glad that Cream 's essential duty as performers is to stand there and play their instruments . Unlike the Rolling Stones , whose rebel youth glory days have given way to a routinely graceless stage presence that would make a newcomer to their music wonder what the big deal ever was about these guys , Cream have only to instrumentalize , extemporize , improvise.Again , you wish there was only one disc , as some of the material suffers from obvious nerves , miscues , a lack of direction . There are moments when Clapton 's guitar work simply quits in the middle of an idea , with the rhythm section failing to pick it up again and fill the arena with the sort of muscular blues Cream made it 's reputation . The best performances , in fact , are the blues number , especially Albert King 's `` Born Under a Bad Sign '' and `` Stormy Monday '' , wherein Clapton vexes self-anointed blues traditionalists yet again with some guitar work that transcends income , nationality , or skin color . It 's not a conspiracy against the blues that B.B.King and Buddy Guy have no hesitation saying wonderful things about his playing . The muse is something that moves around and is not at all loyal to matters of class , race or political stance , and in this case the essence of what allows blues music to convince you , at least momentarily , of the universality of a nuanced sort of suffering has taken a home in the center of Clapton 's best fretwork . His own solo work in the days since Cream 's demise in the late Sixties has been largely wretched pop variations on roots music -- please note that Layla is the very notable exception -- but however mediocre a songwriter he has become , his touch on the blues is the touch of a master . `` It 's all in the wrist '' said Frankie Machine , the junkie in Nelson Algren 's masterpiece The Man With The Golden Arm as he tries to describe the sort of body finesse it takes to win at throwing dice . It 's all in the wrist with Clapton as well , and the fingers as he awards us with one ghostly tremolo and one screaming ostinato after another , the approximation of the human voice emerging from the din of electronic straining . It 's spellbinding work , and it is these moments that makes theless animated performances on Royal Albert Hall ... 2005worth sitting through .
 Should be rated 0 stars - This DVD will not load on either of my Blu-ray players or on a computer disc drive .
 I did n't have much hope for this from the start , yet probably like so many other fans I was wishing for some kind of resemblance to the groundbreaking band and sound I 've enjoyed . There 's truly nothing here folks . Ginger is flat alright , but I feel it 's got to be said that Eric is really the no-show . With all due respect to him and his achievements , he seems to have made no effort to recapture any of the magic . Completely gone is the fire , ferocity , imagination , style , improvisation , spaciness , intensity , and so on that marked his playing back then . Not to mention the more tangible technical effects like any feedback , vibrato , etc , - all screaming for a Gibson SG like that lovely `` Fool '' he once played . Now I was n't expecting the brilliance of shows like the Whisky A Go-Go club or Detroit Grand Ballroom , as heard on the boots available from their fall '67 tour , but those players were absent completely . Gone was what made his playing so incredible then - the fusion of blending the Mayall period licks with the psychedelia , and even a little country for good measure . It could well be true what Eric has said in interviews - that there was a brief peak , and '68 was a long fall . By the time of the pro live recordings of early ' 68 , you can tell the enthusiasm is fading . He may have indeed blacked out much of the time , which is unfortunate . Eric has never seemed to be one to look back . Ironically it 's Jack , who is showing his age the most , that comes through with some degree of style and imagination . To me , this reunion certainly did not merit filling London or New York 's most prestigious halls or arenas . Or making this DVD . RIP Cream .
 Second attempt at ordering , also received a blank disk . Problem exists with the DVD production .
 Being a huge cream fan , I was ecstatic when I heard they were reforming and even thought about flying to England for the shows . Unfortunately I did not make it but a cohort of mine 's friend went to England and taped one of the shows . I was graced with a copy and you can imagine the anticipation I felt to hear what these guys sounded like after all these years . Man was I disappointed . Ginger Baker sounded like he was asleep behind the drums , none of Clapton 's powerful but economical phrasing that graced Fresh Cream was present and it struck me alot like a bad nostalgia act . When I heard Deserted Cities of the Heart , I thought `` Hey I remember that song , it was a good one '' . Not that there were n't moments but they were few and far between . So I had in my mind that the bootleg I owned was from the first nite and they were just having an off night . They were nervous , had n't played together in years etc. . I bought the DVD today hoping things would be different and they were not . To be fair , the highlights of what I watched today were Jack 's vocals . The problem is the playing was hardly inspired and pretty weak , except for the outtake of We 're Going Wrong . Clapton 's playing was terrible , if you bother to listen to the lines he was playing . Pure garbage . His intonation is off and his tone is the worst I 've heard from him in years . Which surprises me because most things I 've seen up until this point including the Cream induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame , his appearance of Do n't Think Twice on the Bob Dylan memorial concert , his tone was great . There is no fire and hardly any sparks . If there was more attention to great melodic phrasing in the playing and a great interplay between the players I would say its a sign of maturity . There is not . A guy like Johnny Winter ai n't the flashy guitarist he used to be but his phrasing is tasty and succint . Mature Eric ai n't no Johnny Winter and Johnny can barely stand . Clapton has no excuse . Some may make the excuse for a guy like Baker who used to hit hard and is now playing pretty limp wristed that `` Well , he 's old '' . Elvin Jones was old the last time I saw him and he still had the old fire he used to have . If you compare this to DVD to there induction performance into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 93 , its night and day . There is no comparison . In closing , if this were a bar band down the street jamming to some old Cream tunes , I might pay $ 10 on a Friday nite . I certainly would n't pay $ 80 - $ 400 of what they are charging to play Madison Square Garden . Not when its the original guys who inspired so many .
 Like many , I looked forward to the Royal Albert Hall CD and like many , I was thoroughly disappointed . While it seems from a listening that Jack Bruce and Ginger Baker are primed to `` rev up '' Eric Clapton 's playing is so uninspired and so careless , the original `` supergroup '' never takes off.While I may be criticized as a purist , Clapton 's choice of his muddy Stratocaster sound can not compare with his former Gibson sound - which is what this recording so desperately needs . CREAM stood out because of Clapton 's tone - his phrasings on those recordings , 37 years ago.The closest I have seen him come to his original genius lately is on John Mayall 's `` 70th Birthday Concert , '' where Mayall guitarist Buddy Whittingham and Mick Taylor so challenge `` Slowhand '' he finally seems to wake up and play .
 I have the second copy of Cream - Royal Albert Hall - 2005 from Amazon . The company replaced the first one when Disc 2 would n't play at all . Unfortunately , the second one arrived just after I left the house for a month , and when I returned and tried viewing it , both discs had the same problem as Disc 2 in the first shipment . Also , unfortunately , Amazon wo n't take anything back after 30 days , so I got a bum deal with both orders . Amazon was good about the first replacement , but not being able to even contact anyone about the problem with the second has me bummed out . After years of buying from Amazon , I will be shopping at Wal-Mart and Sam 's Club from now on
 I was first introduced to Cream at about 12 when my father was teaching me to play bass . He played that now infamous , classic riff from `` Sunshine of your love '' and a love affair with classic rock began right then and there . I consumed every Cream album I could find , learning to cop every note and every riff , first on the bass and later when I switched to guitar . With their almost random soloing , jazz and bluesey beats , and sheer intensity , it seemed there was always something new I would hear every time I listened.Cut 15 years later , and I come across what I thought to be a `` new '' vintage recording from its psychedelic packaging . When I find out it was from this past year , even better ! Eric Clapton 's latest outings have been so blues related and based that I 've been longing to hear some of that rock intensity that seems to have escaped him in his later years , no matter how unworldly his guitar skills may be.This is the first disc in my life I 've sold used . I had it for a day . All it took , really , was to listen to `` Crossroads '' . Plodding along with an almost intentional disregard for sounding anything like any Cream recording that has come before , the track simply has no energy . Claptons uninspired solos over most of the album left me feeling he might have done this project just because one or more of the band needed some cash . `` Crossroads '' is , at its heart , a Robert Johnson blues song , but this is Cream , and this is Eric Clapton , the team who recorded , live , one of the greatest `` guitar hero '' , ear-blasting , boundless energy tracks to come out of the late 60s . A track that no-doubtedly influenced many , if not most , guitar rock bands to come a long after.The tempo for the rest of the album was no better , with each and every song played much too slow to be suitable . We 've all heard these songs for years and years , and our mental recordings know the tempo . When you play them too slow , it makes it difficult to tap your foot or sing along with , leaving you feeling that this could be any band from any time period , and , in fact , it could.Even more grating to my ear was the lack of Wah-Wah on `` White Room '' which was , once again , painfully slow . The song lost most of its presence without the highpitched squeels and psychedelic fret-board burning soloing typicly heard throughout.I will give the album one fairly good track , `` Badge '' , although even this George Harrison inspired tune is n't enough to redeam this album at its high price.Cream will always be an innovative band , with a distinctive sound that revolutionized rock as a whole . But if this is the best the boys can do these days , then I hope they take the money and hang up their hats , because this was just not Cream in any sense .
 I was watching this on KCET and had to find a place to comment . A few minutes after I started watching it I noticed parts were out of sync . Then I watched closer . Everything was out of sync ! Clapton 's playing a chord when you hear a ripping solo . That bad . Lips are moving , but no words begin to come out for a few more seconds . The music is awesome , but do n't get this to watch Clapton rip it up . It just does n't work .5 Stars for the music ... Go and buy the CD instead .
 Granted , these guys have n't played together for nearly 40 years . Granted , they 've moved in very different directions since their breakup . Granted , my standards are probably a bit too high . But . This is a Cream reunion , and so standards should naturally be higher than usual . These shows lack the fire and the passion characteristic of one of the original supergroup - the kind of bold , loud rock that just blows you away . The kind of incredible three-way talent and jamming that made for a timeless band whose reputation was made on live shows . I , like everybody else , was absolutely elated when I heard The Cream were reuniting in concert . I could n't believe the CDs were n't out on May the 6th . It eventually came out , and I grabbed it the day it hit the shelves . I was disappointed . Much to my displeasure , I found these performances lacking the heart and soul of a Cream concert from days gone by . Look no further than `` Crossroads '' and `` Deserted Cities of the Heart , '' absolute classics in their original form , but mere shadows of their original selves here . To say `` lifeless '' would be uncalled for -LRB- and an overstatement -RRB- , but they are definitely lacking that characteristic Creamesque brillance . I truly do n't understand what the rave reviews are all about -LRB- I assume everybody is reviewing the same concert here -RRB- . I tend to doubt that these two got together solely for the sake of money -LRB- a larger tour would make more sense if the intent was to make a profit -RRB- . However , I do feel that it is quite evident here that time has taken its toll . Check out Wheels of Fire , Live Cream , and Live Cream Vol . 2 -LRB- if only for `` Deserted Cities of the Heart '' and `` Steppin ' Out '' -RRB- for the real deal . To all the people who disagree
 Whatever the case , they phoned this one in.Because of who they are however , this call has to be justified . Clapton , Bruce and Baker are all top-flight musicians and whatever they do , together or otherwise , is n't likely to be really bad . All three are simply too good at what they do for that to happen . Their reunion , as such , was far from bad . On a purely technical level what they played was rock solid.But it was n't inspired . Nobody pushed anybody . Bruce and Baker laid a foundation and Clapton played off of it . Nothing more and nothing less . Bruce never made Baker play harder and neither of them gave Eric anything to really react to . Yes , they were solid . This gets two stars for that . But they were just going through the motions.Anyone looking for inspired playing should n't bother with this .
 This is a really bad , lackluster performance . The songs are barely recognizable without the energy that these guys exuded in their heyday . Clapton 's guitar playing completely lacks enthusiasm as does the entire performance . If I 'd been there , I 'd have fallen asleep . Their age is no excuse for this . The Stones are just as old and exhibit more enthusiasm . Hell , B.B. King , at 80 , rocks stronger than these guys ! Sounds as if they 'd rather have been somewhere else , and probably should have been .
 I think the only reason this gets any good reviews is because it 's new and the audio quality on the dvd transfers to our lil ' home theaters so we can sit on our butts and watch these guys sit on their butts in concert.It 's not completely horrible . They 're all good musicians , but just a little too stiff and akward . We all know this was done just for money like most of Clapton 's releases . Bruce and Baker were in need of some $ $ and wanted to do this for quite a while.It 's forgettable and lame . The choice of instruments for this show pretty much summed it up . When I saw photos on the internet I knew this was what it was going to sound like and feel like . I hope most of you bought it used-I 'm glad I borrowed from a friend before he sold it .
 What a disappointment ! I am a huge Eric Clapton fan but this is perhaps the most boring DVD I ever watched . Three old guys remembering the good old times , barely awake . With a few exceptions , they are completely detached from the music and each other .
 I received this DVD and it did n't work at all . I returned it and I am still waiting two weeks later for my refund .
 My friend bought this and I watched it last night with him . This is absolutely the lamest dvd ever produced . I know from Cream and not even a nostalgic notion nor even a serious flashback could lead me to appreciate this concert . If you think this is a good dvd , then I have a bridge I would like to sell you in Brooklyn . A Madison Square Garden Concert ? ... please ... call National Security and tell them that terrorists are coming in the form of a geritol generation attack of banality . Perhaps we should raise the terror alert to orange .
 Yikes . I just finished watching this DVD and what a bringdown ! As a lifelong fan of the legendary Cream , I had total mixed emotions when I heard about this reunion . Of course , I totally wanted to see this happen since I was too young to see the Cream in their prime . Yet I was truly hoping it was n't gon na be a lukewarm run through of past glories.But I never imagined it would ever be this lame!Although Eric Clapton looks more enthusiastic than I 've ever seen him -LRB- he actually prowls the stage , rockin ' and bobbin ' -RRB- , his unimaginative playing and thin tone betray his guitar hero status . Anybody can have an off night but c'mon Clapton , you had four gigs to get some fire in the belly ! This is the band that vaulted you to International Rock God ! PLAY THE GUITAR LIKE YOU MEAN IT ! And make sure it 's on a guitar where you 've truly shined the best - on a Gibson ! Play a Firebird ! Play a Les Paul ! Play a SG ! PLAY A GIBSON GUITAR ! What is that you say ? `` And not a single Marshall amp to be found '' . This is the Cream , right?Where is the thick , singing sustain and wonderful `` woman '' tone that defined Clapton of this era ? It turned into a thin , nasal single-coil rasp that pulls up weak . There is no power in this trio.Actually , I think Clapton not showing up with some semblance of the classic Cream gear woefully planted this reunion in the grave from the get go . It 's like Clapton 's not even trying to capture the vibe of what made this band a sonic revelation back in the day . Heck , he 's not even trying to make it sound like a half-way decent bar band covering Cream songs . There 's not even a wah-wah pedal deployed for `` White Room '' for heavens sake ! `` We 're Going Wrong '' is the best performance here but the rest of the songs are all slow paced and dull . Ginger Baker dumbs down the previously complex rhythms , Jack Bruce sings and plays well but seems disinterested and the audience , although totally adoring , is lousy with yawns and low attention spans.And who can blame them!Goodbye Cream !
 This comes across as a big business deal . Yuck ! Some of the songs are classic , but the performances sound tired considering the importance of the gig ! The picture quality is slick , of course . The sound quality is good and bad , almost too clinical sounding for its own good . Maybe I would have felt different if this was to promote a NEW album , but it 's all nostalgia.My other favorite `` classic rock '' band Deep Purple does have a NEW album , `` Rapture of the Deep '' and it truly kicks arse ! This is not only vintage Purple , it 's modern day classic rock . One of their finest.What upsets me is that the American media will promote this recycled Cream dream , but completely ignore the new and innovative Deep Purple disc . Talk about the state of the art !
 This comes across as a MONEY thing ... a big stinky business deal . No NEW album , just play the old tunes for the `` old '' fans . Yuck ! Some of the songs are of course classic , but the performances sound a little tired at times . The sound quality is solid but too clinical sounding for its own good . Like an earlier reviewer wrote
 I 'm a Cream fan , but I have not seen any of the reunion concerts . And I do n't know if I 'd want to even buy this DVD . Based on the song list in the review above , it seems like my favorite Cream songs are n't even on this DVD ! Strange Brew , Tales of Great Ulysees , I Feel Free , Anyone for Tennis , and Swlabr do n't seem to be included on this DVD . Surely they played these songs in concert ! What the hell kind of Cream concert or DVD would there be without Strange Brew ?????
 Although I am the biggest Cream fan in the world I have to say in all honesty that this is very disappointing . Even the sound of Clapton 's guitar and Baker 's drumkit is all wrong . Apart from ` Crossroads ' and ` I 'm So Glad ' -LRB- as long as the bass is loud and clear -RRB- and to some extent ` Spoonful ' , it has n't got any real contrapuntal energy , the tension is static -LRB- as it is with your average blues-rock band -RRB- . In the end its just not involving enough . But on the tracks I 've mentioned Clapton plays well and the only thing I can complain about is the bloated sound of the drums , especially on ` Glad ' , and to a lesser extent the SOUND of the other two . If only they had all stuck to the sound they were using on the old live recordings it would have gone some way to making this work , but ultimately it is the playing -LRB- and singing -RRB- that disappoints.And certainly having this in video does n't help either as they do n't look at all exciting in their middle-aged incarnations . ` Politician ' is only fairly successful despite being Bruce 's best vocal performance , because the new bass sound does n't work for it , and Clapton is uninspired . ` Sunshine ' is a disaster because it 's rhythmically dead , with Baker sounding terribly tired -LRB- although this was the end of the concert and we know he has also had health problems -RRB- , except for the free-form coda where they really get stuck in and sound like the old Cream . There has n't been a good performance of this number since 1968 despite it being included in all Jack 's concerts and most of Clapton 's - at least not on the available evidence from numerous recordings . But with the original line-up together again I was really hoping this time.The other ` bonus ' version of ` Sunshine ' on the DVD is no better . ` Sweet Wine ' is a mess with Clapton floundering about and Bruce doing his best in the hope that Clapton will decide to go somewhere . ` NSU ' is not bad but nothing like what they used to be capable of.But the concert is still ` Cream ' of sorts , and I 'd still rather listen to this than almost anything else in rock apart from Hendrix , some Led Zeppelin , or the Dead , because there are points of interest in the playing which make it worthwhile exploring for the Cream connoisseur - in particular the continuing connection with Indian classical music.But be warned that the new sound of Bruce 's bass , which is one of the most interesting thing about these concerts , does not register clearly on most hi-fi 's and it 's worth experimenting with equipment . His new sound has a plosive or pneumatic quality quite unlike the sound he used in the old days.Clapton 's singing is coarse and strident on his solo numbers like ` Badge'and ` Outside Woman Blues ' , while Bruce though still retaining the authority has lost much of it 's old excitement and vigour , not surprisingly considering his liver transplant not long before the reunion . But his singing is good except for the occasional word that is delivered no better than a rough bark.On no account buy this until you have all the original LIVE recordings , and of course that includes the DVD of the 1968 Farewell Concert . Most of the authorised live recordings can be heard on wolfgangsvault free of charge and there are also some performances that are not available elsewhere such as another Crossroads and another Sunshine.I have discovered that if the two disc CD set of this is played on a rather hard sounding stereo system it gains tremendously in the way it grabs the listener . It sounds more like the old Cream this way , much more exciting.In a way it 's obvious that this could happen from my comments about the sound above , but it 's only just been now possible for me to hear it on such a hard-on-the-ears-system -LRB- or at least it would be hard on the ears with a normal sounding CD especially something ` classical ' -RRB- . Heard this way the best tracks mentioned work better and some marginal ones like NSU begin to work quite well . In particular the drums , guitar and Bruce 's voice sound much more as if they mean business.Heard like this it could be regarded as a useful supplement to the scanty material available from the old Cream .
 Cream live at Royal Albert hall hall came blank . The DVD was tried in 2 of my DVD players and no success.It did not play in my neighbors ' dvd player ... Do I send back the Blank DVD ? or what?Jim ...
 It 's obvious from the other 180 plus previous amazon reviews , that I am judging this against a different standard than the other people . I am not , nor have I ever been a Cream fan . I do n't think Clapton has done anything exceptional in the electric blues arena in over 20 years . I only review blues , and I was kind of fooled into buying this . One of the blues magazines I subscribe to , had this CD listed under new releases , and I was so hungry for blues I bought it , and was terribly disappointed . But once again , I am honestly saying , all these other people , ca n't be so far off . They were obviously looking for something else and found it . I am only reviewing this to help those few people out there , like me , that hunger for the Stevie Ray , Albert King , Albert Collins , Luther Allison , Buddy Guy , Otis Rush , electric blues . This CD is not it ! I 'm not afraid to hurt people 's feelings , but , I took the time to write this review , to help the electric blues fans , that are looking , for what I look for . If I helped one of you , please let me know , and I will continue my searching and reporting , for `` Shaq 's , The King Of The World Blues Reviewer 's '' loyal fans . God Bless ! Good Night ! Shaq has left the Royal Albert Hall , to continue his quest for all good `` true '' electric blues !
 There is one word that sums up my viewpoint of the audioof this performance and that is ... disappointing . I have n'tseen the DVD yet but after listening to the CD I do n'treally have a desire to watch them put in a lackusterperformance . I sensed there was n't a unified band upthere , just three guys each doing his own thing . At onepoint in `` Born Under a Bad Sign '' Clapton starts to gointo a burning lead but Bruce starts singing again andEric has to jump back into the rhythm . Bruce soundshalf dead up there and there is none of Ginger Baker ` sfire . If they 're going to have a reunion concert as Cream thenthey should play like Cream ... with fire , with all stopspulled out that literally moves you . Clapton doing Claptondoes n't do justice to the Wheels of Fire live Fillmore masterpiece `` Crossroads '' . That performance was sheer geniusand to this day remains one of my favorite live guitarpieces . I 've never heard Clapton even come close to doingCrossroads like that since . I 've heard some prettylaid back , uninteresting versions of it from him . This isone of them . Also I was disappointed by the choice ofsongs to include ... where 's three of their best -- fromDisraeli Gears ? ... Swlabr , Tales of Brave Ulysses andStrange Brew ... some of Eric 's greatest guitar playing.Their music , especially live , inspired me in the 60 ` sand got me to love fiery psychedelic blues . I guessyou ca n't ever go home again but I wish they 'd comea lot closer on this disappointing recording .
 It 's really sad to see these guys just going through the motions . Nothing in this DVD set or the associated CD set even comes close to the old Cream recordings from the ' 60 's . The most glaring and obvious example of this is `` Crossroads '' . Compared to the classic `` Wheels of Fire '' version , this new recording is yawn inspiring . Eric Clapton and Jack Bruce seem to have a hard time getting interested . All of the intricate interplay between guitar and bass on the earlier recording are just a memory . I guess that either Jack Bruce or Ginger Baker or both of them were running short on cash . If you want the real thing , skip this depressing effort and find a copy of `` Wheels of Fire '' .
 So I have a Sony Hi Def / with HDMI in/out ; Intel I-3 ; with Windows 7 . -LRB- A NEW SONY PC -RRB- IT WONT PLAY ANY `` HD-DVD '' BECAUSE HI-DEF IS ANTIQUATED TECHNOLOGY !! This HD type of DVD was made about 7 years ago , but then VERY few `` HD '' players were sold BECAUSE `` HD DVD '' WAS SHUT OUT BY BLUE RAY !! REMEMBER that battle ? - BLUE RAY WON THE COMPETITION after about a year of muddy choices . . HD LOST OUT . THIS DVD IS FROM THAT RARE LOST ERA . IT SHOULD NOT BE SOLD . DONT RISK YOUR MONEY ! BEWARE !! Neither new or old DVD players can ` ADAPT ' to play this useless type `` HD '' DVD from back in the experimental times.This my FIRST ONE-STAR REVIEW in 10 years at AMAZON ; I want to help others.Dont confuse this with ` HD-TV CAPABLE , ' OR `` HDMI ` In and OUT ' '' - or ` HD Flat-Panels ! ' THIS IS USELESS TO ANY OF THOSE.NOTHING WORKS EXCEPT A VERY RARE ANTIQUE PLAYER !! NOTHING will adapt to play it!NOT ONE new player , recorder -LRB- DVR -RRB- , or any of the latest PC 's adapt toplay THIS junk ! DO NOT BUY!Remember the old BETA VIDEO/VCR TAPES ? Well , this is a similar , outdated-JUNK MODE on DVD 's !! I tried to play this DVDd on a new Panasonic DVR , and even a 7 year-old BOSE system , after I tried the NEW PC . NOT ONE of my four DVD machines can play THIS dated HD-DVD ' failed technology ! It sounds kinda strange but its TRUTH.Consider ALL THE ONE-STAR REVIEWS HERE , they are not all people with crummy DVR 's , or second thoughts.It appears the happy reviews are those who bought the RIGHT KIND AT THE CONCERT !! OR IN ENGLAND !! AND THEY WANT TO SHARE THEIR GREAT CONCERT EXPERIENCE ! OF COURSE ! GREAT!Millions love THE CREAM , and many others find this new DVD tempting . THis is simply the wrong one to buy . You just cant play this one type in any DVD player , of any age , even brand-new top of the line models.Unless you are an audiophile with a rare type of DVD player - run away from this cheap new DVD ! RUN AWAY !! CREAM IS THE BOMB !! -- ONLY when the DVD is not for antique equipment and nothing else !!!!!!!!!!! -- PEACE OUT MAN !! / /
 very nice case all sealed up but there is nothing on the dsc . . will not play in any of my dvd players . . very upset about this purchase so i probably will never shop amazon again . . also took about 9 days to receive product
 as the band from the 60 's . Different instruments , Different recording techniques , and totally different feel , newer is not always better.The only reason to own this would be for Ginger 's great drum solo .
 WARNING - this HD-DVD version will not paly on regular DVD players ... not even .
 If you are reading this for advice
 I 'm so disappointed ! Could these songs be any slower or boring ? Clapton has been phoning it in since Cream broke up , and I thought I would finally get to hear him jam again , but no . Just more of `` I Shot The Sheriff '' easy and slow guitar solos , no energy , no imagination . Clapton 's reputation is overrated and not deserved . He ca n't touch guitar players like Alvin Lee or Jimmy Page . Do n't waste your money on this highly overhyped and underplayed reunion .
 I saw them live , I have all the Original LP 's I watched the 1968 concert on the BBC . This offering is far removed from the way I remember them . All of cream are the same age as I am , and it showed . Poor Jack was recovering from surgery and has lost is voice and stamina . Ginger was subdued but who would have expected him to still be alive . Eric , well he was just going through the motions . But the biggest criticism , as mentioned by others , was Clapton using the strat ' instead of the Les Paul Gibson . They just did n't sound right . Having said this , it 's Cream I bought the CD anyway .
 Although I am the biggest Cream fan in the world I have to say in all honesty that this is very disappointing . Even the sound of Clapton 's guitar and Baker 's drumkit is all wrong . Apart from ` Crossroads ' and ` I 'm So Glad ' -LRB- as long as the bass is very loud and clear -RRB- and to some extent ` Spoonful ' , it has n't got any real contrapuntal energy , the tension is static . In the end it 's just not involving enough . But on the tracks I 've mentioned Clapton plays well and the only thing I can complain about is the bloated sound of the drums , especially on ` Glad ' , and to a lesser extent the SOUND of the other two . If only they had all stuck to the sound they were using on the old live recordings it would have gone some way to help , but ultimately it is the improvisations , and some of the singing , that disappoint . ` Politician ' is only fairly successful despite being Bruce 's best vocal performance , because the new bass sound does n't work for it , and Clapton is uninspired . ` Sunshine ' is a disaster because it 's rhythmically dead , with Baker sounding terribly tired -LRB- although this was the end of the concert and we know he has also had health problems -RRB- , except for the free-form coda where they really get stuck in and sound like the old Cream . There has n't been a good performance of this number since 1968 despite it being included in all Jack 's concerts and most of Clapton 's - at least not on the available evidence from numerous recordings . But with the original line-up together again I was really hoping this time.The other ` bonus ' version of ` Sunshine ' on the DVD is no better . ` Sweet Wine ' is a mess with Clapton floundering about and Bruce doing his best in the hope that Clapton will decide to go somewhere . ` NSU ' is not bad but nothing like what they used to be capable of.But the concert is still ` Cream ' of sorts , and I 'd still rather listen to this than almost anything else in rock because there are points of interest in the playing - such as the continuing connection with Indian classical music - which make it worthwhile exploring for the Cream connoisseur - but I ca n't say it 's enjoyable.But be warned that the new sound of Bruce 's bass , which is one of the most interesting thing about these concerts , does not register clearly on most hi-fi 's , and it and the bass drum often overlap each other , so it 's worth experimenting with equipment . His new sound has a plosive or pneumatic quality quite unlike the sound he used in the old days.Clapton 's singing is coarse , strident and Americanised on his solo numbers like ` Badge'and ` Outside Woman Blues ' , while Bruce though still retaining the authority has lost much of it 's old excitement and passion , not surprisingly considering his liver transplant not long before the reunion . But his singing is good except for the occasional word that is delivered no better than a rough bark.On no account buy this until you have all the original LIVE recordings including the ones only available on wolfgangsvault , and of course the DVD of the 1968 Farewell Concert despite all its shortcomings in sound quality .
 I 've gone through FIVE copies of this title now , and they all freeze up during playback and have been checked on 2 or more different HD-DVD players ! This disc was manufactured by Cinram , who also manufactured every Warner HD-DVD title . I have almost every US HD-DVD title and have run into problems with about 20 discs from this manufacturer . Dead format or not , there 's no excuse for this high a failure rate.I 'm still attempting to find a copy that plays properly , but this release still gets demerits for being show on video but processed with `` film-look '' to give it a slower film-like frame rate . Many concert videos in recent years have been doing this and it looks awful . But these do provide a good use for that otherwise silly `` smooth motion '' setting on many current TVs - turning that on almost undoes the effect !
 I got this case and it looks like a cheaper version of the one shown . It was brown and I thought it would be black . The inside liner was not glued down smooth in one spot -LRB- meaning it has a ripple -RRB- . The outside covering at the edges were not glued down well at the curve on both sides where the neck meets the body . It does not have the metal medallion on the front side of the neck that is suppose to say `` Takemine '' . It just has `` Takemine Guitars '' faintly painted on the top .
 I bought this inexpensive guitar hoping to be able to have some fun , but upon opening the package , it was defective . Half of the tuning pegs did not turn . I read the reviews for other guitars by this maker and was disappointed to find several reviews with similar complaints . I advise you to consider a slightly more expensive guitar and pay a little more for the tuner , bag , etc. . .
 It 's a bad quality guitar . Even if is a cheap guitar , it should work well but not . The paint is also a bad quality job .
 THE GUITAR WAS VERY NICE LOOKING AND WE WERE PLEASE TO SEE IT . HOWEVER WHEN WE GAVE IT AS A GIFT WE FOUND OUT THAT THE NECK OF THE GUITAR WAS WARPED AND UNPLAYABLE WE RETURNED IT TO AMAZON FOR A REFUND .
 Previously posted under contoured case - this was not correctI 've used Protec cases for years . I 've been very fortunate . I 've never dropped my case or had it abused . Wore one out to the point the cover was threadbare.BUT - the other night I placed my case with my horn inside as I always do on an elevated surface . I turned to put my jacket up and heard a serious clunk . The chair I placed my case on had fallen to the floor , along with my case of course . About a 3 foot fall . Not even a solid drop . Just teetered over.I opened the case and did a quick look at the stack and worked the keys . Everything seemed fine.I could n't play worth a darn that night . Blamed it on the reeds . Then my buddy says - `` What happened to your horn ? `` Here 's what I found - Bell is totally bent into an ovoid shape and the rim is pulled down like a pouty lip . Nothing below low C# will seat . Looks like the bell is torqued/twisted . And that 's just the easily visible damage . The horn is totally unplayable.No more a Protec fan . I would recommend staying totally away from this case if you 're looking for instrument protection .
 I ordered this , read the reviews and everyone seemed to love it , got it in , hooked it up to my computer , skype showed no sound , ok I thought , it can hear it maybe but its not loud . No . It did n't hear it at all , I had to pretty much put the mic in my mouth for it to even RECOGNIZE I was there . It 's a piece of crap . Do n't buy it unless you want disappointment , if it makes any difference I got the ATR1100 , maybe I got the wrong mic , who knows = /
 I had one of these . From the box the action was very high and hard to play . I had a shop asjust it and change out the low grade strings . The tuners are n't that nice either . The strings fall out of tune pretty fast . For a first mandolin I would recommend the Johnson solid top or Kentucky KM140S instead.If you just want some wall art ... well , this mandolin is pretty .
 Every time I try to use this additional pack , it ca n't seem to get a signal from the transmitter . The only time it seemed to work was when it was held against the other pack . To be fair , it could have been a problem with my transmitter somehow , but the pack that I bought has not worked like I hoped it would .
 I should have been tipped off by the lack of reviews by folks using this case to actually carry a soprano saxophone versus an EWI . -LRB- I had to Google the term EWI to figure out what folks were referring to . -RRB- While I enjoy my Protec Alto Saxophone case , this Soprano case completely misses the mark . Inside , the cavity is essentially a big rectangular space . They provide two small movable padded pieces with velcro , intended to `` customize '' the rectangular space to fit your instrument . It does n't even come close to being acceptable for cradling a $ 3000 + professional Yamaha soprano saxophone . The instrument can still shift in every direction , including rolling left and right . What were they thinking ? It took all of 45 seconds to make the decision to pack this product up and send it back.Maybe they should call it the Protec EWI case .
 I 've been using this case for over a year with an Antigua 3286 Soprano Sax . The horn moves around in the case . The padding is not well designed . The V pad that is supposed to hold the bell is vecro-ed in and the pad moves around with the horn . The notch for the top of the horn -LRB- where then removable neck fits -RRB- is shallow and this allows the horn to slip from side to side . I fold up wash cloths to pad the top of the horn and prevent this . The compartment for accessories has a flimsy movable pad -- nice idea , but not sufficient to keep my monthpiece and ligature from potentially scratching the removable neck.This case could be good , if the interior padding was reworked.I 'd love to see a short version of this case for horns like mine with removable necks . My sop is my practice horn for travel . I need a case that can slide into an overhead compartment on the plane lengthwise . This case is about 4 '' too long for that . -LRB- To this end I 've gone to great lengths to fabricate my own case out of 6 '' diameter PVC pipe . -RRB-
 Woe to me as I made the mistake of going by the photo which clearly makes it look like a brass cowbell . I did not read the fine print which states it is painted steel . I had spent a fair amount of time looking for the brass version , which I owned years ago . Still felt mislead . I spend thousands at amazon each year since 1994 and this is only the second time a seller hass misled me . tried to phone the vendor and not even voicemail capability . Why am I NOT surprised ?
 recientemente compre 2 harmonicas y lamentablemente cuando me lleg&oacute; ambas llegaron rotas , aplastadas y depaso solo trajeron 1 solo libro , es una estafa y ahora lamentablemente tengo que pagarlas por una mala entrega de amazon , estoy muy decepcionado
 I ca n't say anything good about line 6 . Ever amp I have used from them has an issue , I wish they would just recall it already . Stupid phaser and echo issue is blowing up all over the internet . How in the hell are they still selling this junk ? You reset it , it goes back to the way it was . Do not buy anything from them , buy a Marshal , Crate , Peavey anything is better than this .
 For 70 bucks what do you expect , right ? Well , not much . This amp is one of the most frustrating amps I 've ever worked with . The amp has a clean channel and a distortion channel but what makes me furious is the fact you always have to toggle the switches yourself to get a true sound out of it . Say you turn the amp off while it was on clean and then you turn it back on and switch to some crunch or distortion . You are going to have preset effects attached to the channel . It 's so absurd . The amp , after many adjustments , can get a somewhat true clean channel sound but it still has a slight hint of something being phoned in over the top of it . Probably one of the many useless presets it has . All of the effects sound phoned in on this thing . Nothing sounds true to pitch . IT all sounds like your guitar is being plugged into a toy and then filtered with some absurd , cheap affects.I was pretty upset with it at first but then I thought to myself , it was only 70 bucks and I do n't use it for gigs or anything like that so why cry about it . This amp is probably good for someone who just got into guitar , does n't know if he wants to stick with it and or someone who wants to toggle in a clean channel manually every time and record with it via PC . There you can use software to mask the cheapness that comes from the amp itself . I 've played for 17 years , 8 years of that professionally . This amp is n't worth much . To get any kind of `` decent '' crunch or distortion out of it you have to crank it up so loud all you hear is noise.Save your 70 bucks and put it towards a decent Vox tube amp or a Marshal 10inch amp . Hell , you can buy a decent gigging Marshal amp for about 250 bucks .
 This amp has bad sound . wish i bought a vox pathfinder for $ 20 more . theres one good thing , it has a line out so you can record song ideas to your computer .
 My friend and fellow guitar player once told me that `` A Line 6 sounds like nails scratching on a chalkboard . '' PLEASE look somewhere else . Try to find a cheap tube amp if you can . A Fender Super Champ XD blows this thing out of the water .
 the .10 .13 and .17 all rusted , probably because they were n't stainless steal they were regular . hope this review helps .
 I 'm not a fan of coated strings to begin with , but I like EB Regular Slinky 's so thought I would give these a try . These bottom 3 coated strings are pretty lifeless and they certainly did not last any longer . I 'll stick to the green EB Regular Slinky 's which always sound good .
 Utter junk . My right channel started going out intermittently right after warranty expired . Searched internet and is a very common problem with these units . Was OK when it worked . But here is the kicker
 Unfortunately the guitar I ordered was defective . The body did n't have a scratch and it was really beautiful . However , the setup was so messed up that the strings did n't actually produce any sound . In fact , they sounded like a bunch of elastic bands as opposed to actual strings . It went way beyond buzzing ; it did n't produce any sound that resembled a guitar . I returned the product and received my money back.I have n't given up on Luna alltogether ; I have another Luna guitar which I really love to play . I appreciate the smaller size -LRB- compared to average guitars -RRB- , and the sound is pretty nice . But I am a bit surprised about how this instrument even left the factory ; I 'd assume they have a QA process in place .
 It has some nice neat drum patterns but programming it is impossible . Adding a bass line and being able to review your work or do an edit without totally going up the wall is also impossible ! I do n't know who they used to write the software but they certainly were not musicians or from this planet for that matter ! Save yourself the angst ... try another product , or better yet , buy mine ! It 's for sale !
 i actually bought these needles at guitar center , but i feel like i need to get the word out . these suck ! i bought them right before a gig and they both broke by the end of the night . good thing i had spares . .
 Anybody who is a DJ knows that Numark sucks . I hate this product so much every time i bought this and used it on my turntables it broke . Never buy this Needle is horrible .
 It distorts the mid-range maddeningly and does n't reproduce sibilants -LRB- words starting/ending with S , Ch words , etc. -RRB- accurately .
 Just does not deliver . Pedal still creeps away you have to be conscious of how you are stepping on the pedal . Wrong angle and it moves away . Too bad .
 This product is worse than useless . Sure , it stops the pedal from sliding away , but the pad itself slides on a smooth surface . On a wood surface , the weight of my heel slides it away from me faster than the pedal would if placed directly on the floor . I play hundreds of live shows every year , and almost every stage is wood . So I have to ask , what 's the point of this product ? I mean , did n't the folks who made it try it out before selling it ? I payed $ 15 plus shipping to make things worse . Do not buy this product . You 're better off paying $ 2 for a roll of gaffer tape .
 I love Daisy Rock guitars and I own a Rock Candy Daisy Rock bass but when I purchased the rock candy electric guitar i was extremely dissapointed . I returned it and purchased a Stardust elite and am amazed at the differences between them . IF YOU WANT A DAISY ROCK GUITAR PURCHASE A STARDUST OR SIREN ! SKIP THE ROCK CANDY 'S BECAUSE THEY SUCK !
 the handle of this stand is broken and did not come with any clamps to hold the tribars . so what must i do now ?
 Just made to store , uh , i really do n't know . Socks maybe ? It is paper thin and bends way too easily .
 I bought these to replace the bulbs in my small light trees but did n't test they until it was too late to return them . Terrible bulbs . Nowhere near 150 watt output and terrible light distribution . The ad says American DJ but the box is Lamp Lite International . Avoid this product at all cost or buy mine , I do n't want them.This product is fraudulent .
 This guitar is terrible.It slips , so it can never stay tuned , abd the electical wiring in it is faulty . If you are tone def , and buying already broken things , this is the guitar for you !
 These are advertised by JBL as an `` instant solution '' for surround sound monitoring in a project studio environment , so I bought 3 of these , 2 LSR4328p 's , and the LSR4312SP subwoofer . They are powered monitors and can be linked and controlled by one remote , which would allow me to do without a power amp -LRB- cool ! -RRB- . Each speaker has an analog input , an AES/BEU digital input , and a s/pdif digital input which can be daisy chained from one speaker to the next . This was great , I thought , as I could take my digital s/pdif surround signal from my PC and route it straight into the speakers . There are dip switches on the back of each one where you can tell it to be the Left , Right , Ls , Rs , or Center channel.After a week researching , buying , and climbing in my attic stringing spdif and analog cables , I hooked it up and tried watching a DVD . To my horror , the speakers were only producing stereo , with duplicated L/R signal in the surrounds and combined in the center.Turns out the spdif is STEREO ONLY -LRB- IEC 60958 -RRB- not IEC 61937 , which is used to carry compressed signals like Dolby Digital , DTS , etc. . Turns out you need THREE PAIRS of spdif outputs if you want 6 spdif signals . And no sound card or DAC that you will find here on Amazon has more than ONE.I referred my JBL contact to the wiring diagram in the manual for the subwoofer which shows a workstation with three spdif outputs . I asked what it was . He said `` That 's a Pro-Tools HD computer . '' Those cost $ 10k for the base unit and even the $ 2500 Digidesign 192 Digital interface only has ONE spdif output . The hypothetical DAW in the diagram does not exist . FRAUD !!!!! Later , I was referred to a couple of sound cards by Lynx , one costing $ 700 , the other over $ 1000 that would output 8 channels of AES/BEU ... not spdif , which means I would have to totally rewire the speakers . More expense , back to the attic ... a toasty 115 degrees here in Texas.The only way to use these for surround without spending that kind of money is to use them with a 6X6 -LRB- or greater -RRB- digital interface , producing six analog outputs which you can either plug into your board , eating all your inputs and outputs , or go straight from the interface to the speakers , monopolizing the analog inputs of the speakers . And that 's just for audio production . God help you if you want to hear surround sound while watching a DVD . Who knows if you could actually tell the DVD software to use these six outputs . And when the boys come over to play , rewire using the mixer outputs . Head ... hurts ... If you just need a PAIR of powered monitors these are fine . But unless you have tens of thousands of dollars of Pro Tools equipment , do n't believe JBL 's lies . These are an expensive nightmare to run for surround . Their answer to me when I complained ? `` You do n't like 'em ? Dump 'em . '' The guy took every opportunity to tell me how these were meant for `` professional '' applications and that I needed to spend more money . I finally got tired of being condescended to and belittled and gave up . Analog it is for me and my pathetic little project studio -LRB- i7 based computer with 6TB total of HD storage , 20 channel firewire Helix board , Sennheiser mics , Roland drums , Martin , Gibson , Ric , and Fender guitars , Boss GT-10 , etc etc etc. -RRB- Funny how their advertising specifically targets project studios , but only ones with $ 15,000 Pro Tools systems.So to get over my new inferiority complex about my pathetic studio , I am going to buy some Genelec monitors and dump this poorly made , low rent JBL crud forever -LRB- after being a loyal , exclusive customer for 20 years . -RRB- Did I mention that two of the monitors had defects right out of the box severe enough to warrant being returned and replaced?So JBL , sorry I was stupid about spdif , but if all your advertising specifically talks about surround sound , you might want to make sure the flavor of spdif you are using is the kind used with surround sound . Duh .
 Could this be one bad apple in the bunch ? My SKB Baby Talor/Martin LX Hardshell case arrived recently , and I was unhappy to see that the bottom and top of the case did not close completely , but was warped by the handle and at the bottom of the case . At these two places there was a gap of about 1/4 inch high and about 6 to 8 inches in length . Thus , it looks like the appropriate humidity would not be maintained even with a humidity device in place within the case . Sadly , as one of many who is failing under the weight of an out of control economy , where even basic needs like food costs continue to rise dramatically , I am not able to afford to ship the item back . I will not order anything but books from Amazon from now on . I have , however , been pleased with all book orders.Jennifer VyhnakBristol , VT
 I know hohner makes good harmonicas , but this one was a cheap piece . It had two off reeds when I first got it . Not even worth trying to fix . The book 's ok , but there are better .
 My brother purchased this for me for Xmas 2008 . It was purchased on dec. 22 it 's been 7 weeks and it has n't arrived . I called amazon they said it wo n't be in stock until march 2009 , maybe . I suggest you buy it from another seller that does have it in stock . Be aware Amazon does not have this in stock at all . They are lying on this site . Tell me how and why it takes 1-2 months to ship something that says that it is stock ?!?! WTF .
 It claims it is a double pack , true , there were two but the way it looks , you would expect to get four eggs , thinking a pair was one . You can buy them at your local music store at half of this price we found out later .
 I could tell right away the cable I received was not a genuine Mogami . First , it did not come in Mogami packaging . Second , it did not have the protectors on the ends with the Mogami name in gold.After some investigation I learned that these cables are constructed by some guy in Michigan who buys bulk Mogami parts and constructs them himself.This by itself is not bad . That was the only way Mogami cables were available for many years . The problem is he represents them as the genuine article when , in fact , they are counterfeits.I contacted Mogami and they said , `` Premium Audio Cables is not selling cables made by us . He is making them using Mogami and using our trademark without permission . `` I also contacted Amazon , but as of this writing , they are still selling these phony cables . I thought you should be warned .
 I was very excited to get the TPX2 case but very quickly found that it has a major flaw.First however , The Good : - it is a brilliant idea to include cymbal vault on the side of the case - this worked flawlessly.-i like the carpeted area for the snare-the wheels are good quality and are lockableand now , The Bad : - your hi-hat and cymbal stands will NOT fit in the hardware section !! I suppose I should have understood that this is `` a scaled-down trap case '' -LRB- SKB 's description -RRB- but because it loads vertically , and your cymbal stands are vertical , the `` lift-off hardware tray '' will NOT fit . In fact even if you do n't use the lift-off tray , where one would presumably put a kick pedal or a stick bag , the closing lid will definitely not fit because most crash stands are too tall ! Unless you 're putting snare/tom stands in the hardware section you absolutely can not fit your cymbal stands , even when taking them apart . When I discovered this I laughed out loud and said `` YOU 'VE GOT TO BE KIDDING ME . `` I 'm returning the TPX2 in favor of the TPX1 .
 I have ordered this `` guitar '' twice from 2 different vendors and it does not exist . The first vendor cancelled the order and the second one sent me a paperback book . I had to return the book to get them to refund my money . What a waste of time and effort . How it ever got entered into the system is a mystery to me .
 For the second time now I 've tried to order a 12 string guitar and recieved a book.Why ? If your thinking of ordering this product , do n't bother , spend 10 dollars more and on a different product , you too will finally get a real guitar . P.S.Amazon should remove this item a.s.a. . p.
 I tried these strings to compare them to other nylon sets , after using em I realized they 're horrible . Savarez introduced Rectification
 This amp head is listed here on Amazon as 575 watts , which is not true.This amp puts out 180 watts RMS!For shame !
 It 's one thing to be looking for an inexpensive guitar , but who does n't want the best bang for your buck ? Being on a limited budget , I chose this guitar simply for its price tag and for the sake of saying I had a Gibson electric guitar . Expecting it to be at least equal to my Fender Squier , which the price package is just $ 50 more than this Gibson 's original price of $ 149.99 , I was disappointed . Also working in retail selling these , we had more than I would like to have expected returned due to defects , though admittedly , a few were just a matter of tweaking the guitar itself by raising the height of the strings . Unfortunately with the Gibson , you can not raise strings individually as you can with the Fender 's , so if one string is buzzing due to it being too low and you adjust it , you adjust all the strings -- not a major issue , but just annoying . One thing that was better for me about the Gibson is that the strings were slightly spaced out more than the Fender 's , so my fingers would n't always interfere with the strings to cause more buzzing or the suffering of a chord . Another feature that the Squier has that the Maestro does not is a synchronous tremolo bridge , which those of you familiar with Guitar Hero , is your whammy bar . It 's not something I personally use , but it might be something cool to play around with . The quality of sound goes to the Fender Squier , mostly because it offers more . It has 3 single-coil pickups -LRB- Volume & 2 for Tone -RRB- to the Gibson 's 2 -LRB- Volume & one Tone -RRB- . The Fender also has a 5-way switch expanding from Bass to Treble , so a player can experiment more with the sounds more internally -- the Gibson does not . The amp supplied by Gibson , which I will mention later , limits the player 's ability to experiment with the sound effects once again , but externally . Since getting the Gibson , I play it only with the Squier amp that Fender included with its package , though still , I do not play it as much as the Fender . Overall , the Fender guitar sounds better than the Maestro 's , but the Maestro does win out in Overdrive mode , as it sounds better and cleaner.What else is in the box
 There are so many things wrong with this product . The size is too big if you do n't have a stand , there are 36 keys and an average piano/keyboads has 88 . The DC is too short , it takes too many batteries . It 's not worth the $ 70 . If you going to spend close to $ 100 on a piano/keyboard , make it worth the money .
 This product was a birthday gift for my son and it does n't work . No , power cord was included so I bought batteries and it still does n't work . I feel cheated !
 I gave this to my 5 year-old son for Christmas and he loves it . It inspired an interest , no obsession , with music . He now takes piano lessons and practices , without being asked , for a least an hour a day . This keyboard has taught him all his chords and he figured out the accompaniments on his own . He would be lost without it . And so would I. Thsi is a great tool for kids and adults to learn on and much more .
 I wish I knew something about this product . I might have purchased it . Unfortunately , all the information I want to know is on a photo that is so small that even when I save it to my computer , zoom in , and enhance it with Photoshop , I STILL ca n't read the details concerning this product . So it goes , the search for a quality product continues .
 We were looking for a mic to use for our stage plays and we thought that this could be the solution to our tight budget . The kids have to be very close to the mic for them to be heard . That defeats the purpose of getting these hanging microphones . It was a mistake buying this one , save your money and get something else .
 Got this guitar from local Costco . Looking great , sounds good , till today , less than a year old . Both locking screws on the bridge broke one after another , due to metal fatigue I guess - or poor material used for such an important piece of the instrument . Never happened to any other guitar I played in the past 30 years . This has to be the worst ! I only played this guitar a handful times during the year . Just checked on the web , replacements cost $ 50 ! Hope this is the exception . I do n't know where the papers are so no warranty on this one . Who 'd have thought of this ? I did n't . Suggest you find something more durable instead.Thumb down !
 I 'm a deposition videographer and was looking into upgrading my mics after using a few of the MXL FR-355k Lav Kits . I chose the sm93 because I have another large diaphragm condenser Shure mic and am very pleased with it . So , being the same trusted brand , I purchased an sm93 to test it out.The sheer weight of the power module was the first indication that this was a much better quality mic than the MXL FR-355k kit . But for the use of deposition videography , that 's about where the positives stop.The wind screen that it comes with is quite large and looks like an eye sore clipped to the shirt of the Deponent -LRB- witness -RRB- . The sound level was very low compared to the other mics . I had the mic pre turned all the way up , and yet it still could n't reach optimal volume for the witness 's voice.The way I typically set up the mics for a deposition is to have the power modules underneath the center of the conference table , on the ground . Unless someone is quite tall , they 're usually out of the way of any feet under the table being in the center . Then I tape the mic wires on the underside of the table in a manner to also not interfere with feet and legs . In order to do that , the wires need to be pretty long . About 8-9 feet long is ideal . The wire on the sm93 is super short . I must 've missed that detail when I purchased it because it proved to be a problem for use in a deposition . I ended up having to tape the power module itself on the underside of the table just to provide enough slack to comfortably clip the mic onto a shirt.Also , it claims to be omnidirectional , but that does n't seem true . You have to be aware of which way the head of the mic if facing to get a decent pickup of vocals . Omni should mean omni , picking up sound from virtually any direction . This is n't truly omni.So in summary , this is a pretty useless mic for depositions , the sound level seems low , and the wind screen looks like a big , gray balloon eye-sore . The build seems sturdy and of good quality and seems like it can take some abuse without breaking easily , but just not the best mic for my needs.In case you were curious , I now use Audio-Technica AT899 mics and they are phenominal ! They are totally worth the extra money if you 're shopping on a budget . Hope this review was helpful !
 This gig bag did not meet my expectations . There is no bottom support so when I pull it along , the bottom folds and drags on the ground . Very disappointing .
 We bought this for our 8-year-old daughter after first purchasing the black model , which broke after just a few days . The construction of this guitar is not strong enough for steel strings . The wood literally broke while the guitar was sitting in its case . After Amazon refunded our first guitar purchase -LRB- the black model -RRB- , we bought this one and it broke as well just a few months later in exactly the same manner . In our opnion , this is a defective product and the only relief the manufacturer -LRB- Samson Technologies -RRB- will give is to give you another defective guitar .
 this is a advertisement for a 18 inch speaker and its really a 8 inch speaker that u will recieve if u order it
 I was looking for a lamp for my grand piano 's music stand in order to avoid having a plugged-in floor standing lamp next to me while practicing , as floor space is very limited in my bedroom with the piano and bed . There is a strong -LRB- 3000 lumen -RRB- floorstanding light in the corner of the room by the tail of the piano , but it lights towards the ceiling and does n't provide enough coverage on the music stand to sightread.After reading the reviews here , I went to buy this lamp at Guitar center for the same price as Amazon . I asked to see it in action before purchase , but they would n't demo it for me.This lamp is simply not bright enough to adequately cover 2 pages of sheet music . In particular , there is not enough light at the bottom of the music stand.To get an acceptable amount of light , one has to position both necks very close to the page -LRB- 2 inches -RRB- , but then the light will cover only half of one page . I estimate that one would need at least about 4x as much light as this lamp provides . It is too bad that lamp manufacturers do not quote the lumen on their lamps as this problem would be easy to spot if they did.Unfortunately for me , Guitar center does n't accept returns on lamps . So this lamp is now useless to me . If you still want to buy this lamp , get it from a place that accepts returns like Amazon .
 The only thing mighty about this light is it 's dimness . This works only for pianists who have already memorized the score and like playing in the dark . I ca n't believe how many good reviews this product has received . Either the products has changed or the reviews were all written by employees of the company that manufactures them . I am now on the market for device that emits actual rays of light .
 I bought this light based on all the glowing -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- reviews . It is useless . When it works , the light has a horrible blue tinge to it and it is grossly insufficient to light two pages of music . Further , like several of the other 1-star reviews , the lights flicker on and off and need constant wiggling to stay on . Fortunately , it was cheap enough for me to simply throw away - I guess you get what you pay for .
 These are decent portable lights , however they are not bright enough . They will work in dark areas , but in areas with dim to moderate light these are not powerful enough . They are battery powered and the batteries last awhile but for the light output this is Negligible . The lights are flexible and I like the clip , but overall a poor product .
 I purchased this music stand light in order to better illuminate my sheet music stand for practicing . I found that the Mighty Bright Duet was not as bright as I had hoped . While the clamp and the bendable parts were of good construction I found that the light parts were not . The switches on top seem very delicate and the left LED light flickers on and off so poorly that it is now unusable . The product was new and only lasted a few days before I removed it due to its ineffectiveness.I am not sure if this is common amongst Mighty Bright products or if I just received a poor model , but I will not be a return customer to any Mighty Bright products . I would rather pay a little extra to get a better quality product .
 I 'm an adult taking music lessons and bought this based on recommendations here , and also because it 's cordless , and I like to move my music stand around and practice in various locations , including out on the porch at night -LRB- in nice weather -RRB- . I 'm frankly very disappointed with the strangely faint blue light this casts on the sheet music . One or the other of the lights went out several times as I moved the heads around to illuminate dark spots on the sheet music . Then , after only 9-10 hours total use , it appears the batteries -LRB- the recommended high quality ones -RRB- have died . Strangely , my music teacher bought one after I did , and he told me he did n't like the light either . Based on reviews of other stand lights , I think I 'm buying a cheap , goose-necked , plug-in clamp lamp for this purpose , and giving up on the high tech solutions .
 Might-be-brights . Slightly Brights . Disappointing . Whatever you want to call them - these lights take a lot of batteries -LRB- 3 AAA ! -RRB- , and drain through them quickly . Once the batteries get a little bit low , the lights start flickering and are pretty dim . I bought about 20 of them to use on stage at our church , and we 've been using them for a few months with disappointing results - as indicated by the affectionate nick names that our band has given them . I 'm not sure there 's a decent alternative in this price range , but we are surely shopping around for replacements .
 The lights are not very bright and one of my lights does not stay lit and with turn off with stage vibration . I am going to buy a heavier duty , and brighter light for use on stage
 My review is simple . The light does n't work . I unpacked the light , installed the batteries and the left light did n't work . I noticed that both the light and the switch were flimsy so I moved them a little and it began working . But then I tried a few more times and the left light stopped working again . When it worked , its light flickers . The right light also flickers.I find this product flimsy and constructed with low quality materials and poorly assembled .
 This light is simply NOT bright and it is certainly cheaply made . You get what you pay for !!!
 It feels like a short in the wiring or something , because the lights flicker badly . You can get them to stay on if you fuss with them , but then they 're not bright enough to do any real good . A poorly designed product .
 When I tried to install Ring Factory , it could n't connect to their server for some reason . I went to their website to find help and after I tried the suggestions from the Help FAQ , it still would n't work . I emailed Ring Factory Support and no one responds . I have tried the demo and I like it -LRB- 5 stars -RRB- but the company sucks -LRB- 1 star -RRB- . Since Ring Factory is powered by ToneThis , I suggest you use that instead ...
 I ENCOURAGE YOU NOT TO BUY THIS PRODUCT ITS WASTE OF TIME , LEARN THE BASIC ITS BETTER , AND BESIDE YOU CA N'T RETURNED THEM
 There is quite literally more plastic in a McDonalds happy meal toy . so Why on EARTH IS THIS $ 30 ???????????? Because the company is a greedy company that is trying to leech as much cash from their customers as possible . I thought I 'd get this for my 2 year old but he can already bar a chord now so it is useless . do yourself a favor and just learn the friggin ' guitar already . It 's not that hard . Are you telling me my two year old is cooler than you ???
 Am i the only one completely disgusted that this product even exists ? I guess it goes along with the poser Guitar Hero craze , would n't surprise me if Matthew Bellamy owns one , the song stealing , single string dwelling git .
 total worthless , might be okay if you have full use of your hand and fingers . way too hard to adjust , just dont waste your cash . good concept very poorly constructed you have to apply a lot of presure to get all the strings to chord and then they buzz . i was very disappointed . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Not as described , unuseable , to flimsy to hold the strings to the fret . I would not advertise the products today .
 Does not work on my electric guitar . I ca n't get clear chords . I tried to set it uo as good as I could but still does n't play clear when I push the buttons .
 Three different people have tried this ... all are accomplished musicians ... I got it thinking it would aid me ... my mistake ... it 's back in the box where it will stay ... I 'm not blaming the seller ... but buyer beware .
 I didnt care to much for this one . It did not fit my guitar very well . I had to send it back .
 I have not had enought time to fully explore functionality of this product , but was disappointed to find that the directions for tuning the guitar and incorrect . They say to use the 6th fret of each string to tune the next -LRB- except for the 5th for the b string -RRB- , when it should use the 5th fret with the 4th for the b string . I figured it out easy enough , but could see it being challening for people without a guitar background .
 Neat little toy for a kid to play with thinking he/she may become the next country music star . I think it was designed specifically for acoustic guitars , not electric . The -LRB- vocal instruction -RRB- CD that came with it also indicates that it was meant for country-style music and the thick Oklahoma-accented instructor did not not impress me with his musical intelligence . The product feels very cheap as well . I do n't wan na tighten the screws too much in fear that the POS will break thru the plastic threading . I do n't recommend this unless your kid wants to pretend and you have a Jackson you want to waste .
 Gave this as a gift -LRB- I already had one and love it -RRB- . Found out months later that it never owrked right . I examined it and found that it is defective and does n't line up properly on the strings like it should . Figured it was too late to do anything about and forgot where I ordered it from .
 Was upset that this was sold to `` fit any guitar '' . So I 'm left handed and guess what ? Does n't work so never got to try it out . They should really say that . Obviously I 'm not the only left hander learning the guitar .
 I waited for this product with anticipation as i bought a new guitar to learn and when trying to play chords found that my fingers got quite painfull when pressing down the strings on the frets.I fitted the device as per the instructions and then tried to tune as the book indicated , first i tried to tune the E string and when turning the screw -LRB- VERY GENTLY -RRB- it snapped ! Then i realised that how are you supposed to re-tune with the device fitted when it is pressing down on the string between the fret and the headstock thus causing extra pressure on the string at the top causing it to snap.So i removed the device , fitted a new string , retuned and then re-fitted the device.Time to try it out , pressed down on the chord buttons again following the book and the sound was awful with the guitar sounding tinny and the strings buzzing , i have had several more attempts with the same results so in the end gave up and orderd a ` Guitar Wizard ` which i now have and it is just fantastic to use and a thousand times better than the ez chord which has gone to re-cycling into i hope a more usefull product .
 These strings are horrible . The best thing about them was the tin package . They made my acoustic guitar have bad string buzz . I 'm gon na give these a pass .
 I 'm sure these are fine strings , but I discovered to my dismay that they are not what I needed at all . While the packaging says `` acoustic , '' it does not specify that these are made for a steel-string acoustic guitar , not a classical one . When I tried to return them locally , I could not find a single store that carried them , which makes me think this may be a discontinued item . First Act , the manufacturer , does n't even list these on its own Web site . So ... buyer beware , and lesson learned .
 The description says `` Cello Strings '' . It is actually just one string . Do n't be fooled ! I would call this false advertising .
 The quality of the sound of this is horribleTried to return but postage is too highMade in Pakistan
 The tambourine was comfortable to hold , but the sound was very `` tinny '' and was not mellow . I ordered two because two of us would be playing it in a vocal mixed quartet and would be using a microphone . This tambourine would be too high pitched for our purposes .
 It does not have a full octave and it 's almost impossible to play the last 3 notes . -LRB- 3 out of 7 notes could not be played ... -RRB-
 My grandson was dissappointed with the bagpipes . They looked great , but did not function like he thought they would .
 they look real but do not work at all -LRB- not a sound -RRB- . the comp phoe number is just a machine to leave a message .
 These bagpipes are made using an inferior wood in Pakistan . The bores are poorly machined , and the bag does n't seal well . The chanter is very flat . You 'll be lucky if you can get a sound out of the chanter reed because it 's so hard to blow -LRB- even for me as an experienced piper -RRB- . Best to save your money and purchase a good instrument from a reputable maker .
 When i used my amp for the first time , it was terrible . the sound is crappy , and i dont reccomment this at all . The only reason it gets 2 stars , s because the design , and nothing more .
 A few days ago received this product and use it was detected that the connection to the AC does not work , only with battery . Do not buy it . low quality product
 Having read the other reviews of this product , I was very hopeful I could use the Fender Mini '57 Twin-Amp for times when playing an electric guitar unplugged just does n't cut . But after using it for an evening , I could n't wait to return it - it sounded just awful at any volume level and tone setting . I would fully discourage anyone from buying this item for anything more than a nice desk top paper weight .
 OK , the tweed covering is nice . The whole thing seems like it was built to last , being a mini and all . That is the only reason this got two stars with me . I play an Epiphone G400 with some upgrades to it and this amp sounds like crap when I turn the volume anywhere past a quarter of the way up . The tone does not make much of a difference on this , the gain just makes the speakers break up faster . I am afraid of blowing the speakers on this out . On a better side of this , when I play with the headphones in it does n't sound too bad . There is an awful amount of static that comes across the headphones . I 've tried two different headphones and I still get the static feedback . I bought this thinking that I could use it to not bother my pregnant girlfriend , sadly it is almost completely unplayable . I will be returning this as soon as possible for a refund .
 Length :
 Put this up against a wall to muffle sound but not effective . Material is not dense , more like packing styrofoam .
 Although I have had better luck with other Behringer audio products this one was a let down for me . Neither of the dials on the unit I received spun smoothly . In fact they both jammed so hard at certain points in their rotation that it was hard to even move them without significant force , making the product completely useless . You wo n't find the nice endless rotary controllers or motorized faders from some of Behringer 's other controllers here either , and there really is nothing outstanding about this unit I can mention other than its layout is a nice match for NI Traktor DJ.For the record , I 'm returning mine for a refund . I would have simply exchanged it if it had any redeeming qualities , but Behringer will have to work harder on this one I 'm afraid .
 It worked very well at first . We were actually pleased with the quality considering the price . Two days ago it stopped working . Whatever part inside that makes the computer recognize it failed . We tried every computer in the house to no avail.The return period has passed so we will have to deal with Behringer directly now.Needless to say this is all rather upsetting for my so who is budding DJ.I except that a product would work longer than 2 months .
 Not a bad controller for the price - a lot of capabilities . Slightly lightweight and cheap feel , but then it is cheap . However , forget it if you want to use it beyond Windows XP 32 bit . Behringer say they provide a Win 7 64 bit driver , but it is only an audio driver , no controls ! Why would you provide this for a Deck controller ? It shows very poor attitude to customer support not to provide support on the next generation of PCs .
 Worst customer service . they will bring out a new version instead of fixing problems with existing one . beware . I have had problems over the years . I thought a German company could be trusted .
 I purchased this a while ago to move from Vinyl DJing into all-digital . As an entry-level , get your feet wet without too much commitment , kind of device , it is great . Simple interface that works great with the included Traktor LE software.The problems I had with using this device came afterwards . I decided that I wanted the full feature-set so I upgraded to the full version of Traktor . I was shocked to find that Behringer has not created a mapping file to work with the full version of the packaged demo . This struck me as odd , but I did what any moderately tech-savvy person would do and went scrounging online for a working mapping file . It took a while but I finally found one . Now I am back in business , having fun mixing.Unfortunately , now my laptop crashes . It is a hardware issue and with the age of the laptop I decided to just buy a new machine . Sleek , Vista 64-bit machine . Go to install the device on my new machine and I keep getting errors.It turns out that Behringer has decided that this whole 64-bit gimmick is n't worth their time . They to this day have STILL NOT released a 64-bit driver . I have e-mailed them and they do not even lie and say that they are working on it , they will flat-out tell you that they have no real plans to support 64-bit OS.It would be one thing if it was a major issue to get midi interfaces to work with 64-bit , but it is n't . So far as I can tell , this is the ONLY midi controller of it 's type that does not have 64-bit support.TL ; DR If you only have a 64-bit laptop , keep looking . Works Fine if you have a dedicated 32-bit laptop , but if you can swing the cash for a second laptop , just get a nicer midi controller and use the laptop you have . Other companies care enough to write updated drivers .
 Probubly the worst purchase iv ever made . It Stops working every few minutes . DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY . . it Seems to shut of the moment I turn up the volume . your better off using a software like Virtual Dj where the hardware isnt needed . i recommend purchasing the Numark Controller if you use any . Definetly not for serious DJs.ONCE AGIAN DONT BUY !!!!!!!!
 I highly recommend you dont waste your money on this product . For the price you definitely get a lot as there are no other mixers on the market with a built in sound card in this price range however you get what you pay for . The knobs feel very cheap and plastic and offer little to no resistance when turning them . The crossfader glides effortlessly and feels as if it could break at any moment . The jog wheels came , NEW , bent and off center . When I contacted the distributor I was told this is a common issue . The buttons responded with a `` click '' however once again felt cheap and useless . Setup for this unit was an absolute nightmare . It comes bundled with software and drivers that are out of date . The most up to date driver is on Behringers website . I worked long and hard with Trakktor LE , the bundled software , as well as multiple other DJ programs and could not , no matter what I tried , set up the sound card properly . The drivers also severly conflicted with my system and consistently froze it up . I am running a newly reinstalled and cleaned up XP with 4 gigs of ram and nothing else running in the background . I still had issues . Behringer was fantastic about supporting this product however and offered to replace the unit free of charge , as I had expressed severe frusteration . After about a total of 15 hours messing with this system and about 5 different programs and audio drivers , I returned the unit . Save up for the M - Audio Xponent . Its worth the extra money . I plugged that one in and installed the drivers and was up and running in less than 20 minutes.M-Audio Torq Xponent Advanced DJ Performance/Production System
 USB Cable is missing . I am dissapointed . I think I am going to return it . Sellers should write these kind of stuff in the item description ...
 Seemed like a good mixer for starting out with but the software was not compatible with VISTA and there are no upgrades on Behringer 's website for the software . Had to send back to shipper for refund .
 Not only is this unit extremely cheap and fragile . The included software was horrible and the hard to use ... also would n't work correctly with virtual DJ . If i were you i would save my money a little while longer and buy a good reliable product that is a little more expensive , this deal really was too good to be true .
 I paid to have product delivered in 2 days , but amazon and DHL freaked that up ! wonder how iam suppose to get reimbursed for their mistake . hopefully product will be worth it whenever it gets here !!!!! amazon need to tighten up on shipping shi _ . I believe that its a wrap wih internet ordering .
 After my experience with the Behringer BCD2000 , I figured us Mac users would have a chance to rejoice as Behringer introduced the new model which tailored especially for Mac users . Well , as you may have been psyched and done all of your research , you 've probably found out how a Behringer BCD2000 or BCD3000 is supposed to perform using Traktor DJ Studio . If you 've seen it in action on a PC , you 'll find that it 's not the same for Mac . You CA N'T configure the USB inputs for Traktor , so if you need to tweak some controls , you are n't able to . Scratching was a big letdown too . You ca n't scratch without bringing the track to a stop either - you 're better off spinning back the record with your mouse for a more authentic vinyl sound . Also , you ca n't do an instant play from the cue point ... you need to cue pause first and then play it again . I 'm considering other USB controller options at this point , because this simply does n't cut it .
 WARNING
 I purchased this bag to carry my two American DJ Starball effects lights . I had anticipated a heavily padded bag and was fairly underwhelmed when I received it . I then tried placing the effects units in a $ 6.00 Trader Joe 's insulated grocery bag , which has a lot more room -LRB- handy for tossing in the power cords -RRB- and is as padded as the Arriba , if not a bit more padded . Live and learn .
 Amplifier arived with a deep gouge in the enamel down to the metal on one side . The accompanying instructions are minimal and obscure . You have to provide your own cable to attach the DC adapter to the amplifier . After attaching the amplifier to the first of my two antennas reception was negatively affected . After attaching it to the second antenna the signal was amplified and stabilized by approximately 15 % . This unit is just effective enough on the second attenna to keep me from going to the trouble of returning it . I would not purchase another one , nor would I recommend it .
 I do n't have a cable . I paired this amplifier with DB4 antenna , but no gain in signal at all . It could be because I 'm too far from the nearest stations -LRB- about 28 miles -RRB- and/or the airport within two miles . I think I 'm just gon na get the cable . : -LRB-
 I do n't typically harsh on a product because most of what I have bought has worked . This product made my reception worse . Now I know that someone is going to respond to me by telling me I did n't set it up right , but I am a video professional and am fairly certain I did . The instructions could maybe be read in District 9 -LRB- i.e. they were not very helpful -RRB- and when I switched between the amplifier and my regular antenna , the antenna had 0 dropouts . The amplifier ? I could n't get through one TV episode without it dropping out the signal.I am glad it worked for some of you . Consider yourself lucky .
 Unfortunately that was only about a month and a half . It boosted the signal enough for me to get a channel that was nearly impossible to get without it , but you should probably buy something else .
 did not help signal get any better from antenna.so I bought a winegard ap-8700 and I get 4 more stations than before .
 In my opinion this item is a waste of money . The improvement in the station quality was so slight that the $ 35.00 investment was not worth it .
 I returned this item , because it actually made my signal worse on the channels I could receive with it . And it also reduced the number of channels available .
 I purchased one of these units for my RV . It worked well for about 6 weeks , then it failed . I now have an expensive paper weight on my desk . The distributor will exchange the unit for the first 30 days then you have to deal with the parent company Channel Master . I called the company store in Mesa , AZ who told me to go back to the distributor . I explained that the distributor indicated that I had to deal with Channel Master directly . Channel master then gave me a number to call and leave a message . End of story . If it works you win , when it fails it 's your problem .
 IT STOPPED WORKING AFTER LESS THAN A YEAR . POOR QUALITY AND THEY DONT HONOR THEIR WARRANTY BECAUSE THEY WANT MONEY TO PROCESS WARRANTY .
 I set this up exactly as recommended in the instructions and on most channels there was no effect on signal strength and on a few weaker reception . It does make a great paper weight .
 Slight improvement in audio , better performance in video when your close to losing signal.Not worth the cost.Shipped in 1 day .
 The amplifier does n't work as described . It does n't work very well at all with Video On Demand on digital cable systems .
 Bought this last year for our travel trailer . After connecting it , I tried the channel that is on the fringe and noticed no discernible difference at all . I rechecked my connections , but all were as supposed to be . I literally went back and forth just making sure it was n't making at least some bit of difference . Nothing . I finally just gave up and left it disconnected .
 Do n't want to totally give it down the road , but purchased this with Winguard antenna attachment in hopes of getting a tv channel in a bad reception area . No Cigar ! Only used in this one area , which is a bad reception area.Sorry , but wasted my money !
 Something must be wrong and i do n't know what.The four channel one i bought works great.I put this signal amp behind one T.V.being it is a single amp . I was worried about overload.Boy did i get a wrong number.It did nothing to improve the signal it made it worse.The signal is coming in from cable to a four way splitter and one of the T.V 's is weak in four channels.I figured i hooked it up wrong.No , i had three people look at it.So i figured i had some bad cable , no i used three different 75 ohm pieces and no change.I mean how can i screw up a one output amp , and i am pretty sure its from the same company.I know it is.To make matters worse i bought two of them.Now i have n't tried the second one yet.Like i say something is wrong.I will call the company on Monday.Stay tuned.One more thing the price difference between this sellers is well , how does one sell it for Thirty five dollars less than the other.Stay tuned i hooked it up wrong . -LRB- according to seller -RRB-
 Perhaps it was our system , but this did not help boost our signal at all . Perhaps will work better for off air / cable . Does not work with ATT Uverse .
 I read the disclaimers , I read the instructions as to when it was helpful and how and where to place it . However , my signal was not boosted at all , and in some cases , it was degraded . It was not the case that there was NO signal present on certain channels , every channel I needed to boost had some signal . I saw no effect whatsoever with this product .
 Tried this product to boost my digital cable signal . As per the product information in came in short in performance . Especially for the cost . It 's over priced for what it does !
 The amp definitely boosted the cable signal , but it actually boosted it too much . Bought 15 dB amp that would take our current -12 dB line up to about +3 . Instead it took it to +15 -LRB- too much as the ideal range is supposed to be plus or minus 5 -LRB- perfect is zero dB -RRB- . Tried fixing it by putting it on a 3-way splitter - Even through the splitter , got almost 15 dB increase on EACH Line -LRB- again too much -RRB- . Went directly to their support email address asking if they made sense to them & received no response . Then sent a message through the Amazon system -LRB- with same question -RRB- - again no response.Without any reply , have to assume it 's a defective amp
 I install the amplifier and my HDTV only scan 3 HDTV channels.Without the amplifier I received 25 HDTV channels.The product was faulty.I email the seller and received no help.So I return the bad product .
 Hooked it up to cable coming into the house just before a 3 way splitter . With it attached , got no picture and no sound . With it not attached , got a picture and sound . Seems it 's better without it than with it !
 Do n't buy this cable . It is total garbage . I 've gone through two since 2009 . The store I purchased the original from did replace it in 2010 but now the replacement is shorting out just as the first one did . Some lifetime warranty . I go to sit down to play my 5 sting bass and the cable is shorting out AGAIN . I could n't believe it . How could a company produce such junk ? I love D'Addario bass strings but this instrument cable has extremely poor workmanship . The connections are of very low quality . Do n't buy this product . Trust me .
 It was not better than my Canon EOS Rebel t4i BUILT IN Mic ... . Returning this mic and searching for something better .
 I bought this external microphone in addition to the digital olympus voice recorder dm-520 that I already owned , hoping it would enhance the already impressive microphone in the recorder . Well , it did not , the recording sounded the same with or without the external microphone . Good news is that the sound of my olympus recorder is already amazing , bad news , I had to send the microphone back . However , for someone who wants to enhance the recording quality of an old pc or recorder , this external microphone might do the trick .
 This mic is so sensitive that I ca n't use it as a lapel mic without getting high frequency crackle . I 've even covered most of the mic with dampening material and clip it on just above my waist . I 've tried every setting on my Olympus WS-300M , a recorder for which this mic is recommended , but can not get rid of the crackle while using the mic clipped to my body . -LRB- The voice recorder records cleanly with its built in mics , though at a much lower volume . -RRB- I think this mic is really engineered for setting in the center of a conference table.If anyone knows of a better stereo lapel mic for Olympus voice recorders like the WS-300M and its family , I 'd love to hear about it .
 The item pictured is not what you get . I hate that - now I have to `` easily '' return this item - `` with their no hassle '' return policy . The item I got was straight 1/4 '' plugs , patches w/o the extra grounding so nice -LRB- and worth the extra $ -RRB- . They are ripping people off .
 I did a lot of research before buying this drum . I like to read reviews from as many sites as I can before I drop money on an instrument . My mindset is to buy fewer things in life , but when I do - buy high quality -LRB- American if possible . -RRB- The drum 's plain design and extremely high price tag made me believe that ` Hey , these guys are no-nonsense about tone ' so I bought it . Upon arrival I was really really let down.Seeing how this cajon is priced in the top 10 % of current production cajons I expected extremely precise craftsmanship.Here 's what I did n't like :1 -RRB- The seat was comfy -LRB- like a gel mouse pad -RRB- and was glued to the top of the drum . In places the edges were coming up , other places the glue had squished out the sides looking kinda crappy .2 -RRB- On the face of the drum where the screws are , the wood was chipped to the edge , looking crappy .3 -RRB- On the corners of the drum the plywood had gouges , holes , and snags . It was n't smooth by any means and likely to catch on clothing , while also looking crappy .4 -RRB- By this point you 're probably thinking ` this guy 's an idiot , who cares how it looks . It 's a 300.00 drum . I bet sounds great . ' Right ? WRONG . The cajon sounds about as good as the cardboard box it came in . No bass , no sustain , no musicality whatsoever . Just ` thud . ' As I excitedly unpacked it and gave it try in front of my family , including my percussionist wife , the general response was ` uhhh ... you paid how much for that ? ` I 've been a percussionist and drummer for the past 13 years so I know what I 'm doing on a drum , and please believe me when I say this thing sounded -LRB- and looked -RRB- like garbage . A $ 99 Meinl sounds better.Maybe I got a dud ? If so I would still never buy from this company again . It was ` custom made -LSB- for me -RSB- by the craftsman at Fat Congas ' because they were out of stock at the time of purchase . The drum took over 5 weeks to arrive at my doorstep . After -LRB- 2 -RRB- phone calls and -LRB- 2 -RRB- emails and to them with never a single response I definitely did n't feel like a valued customer . Needless to say the drum was promptly returned.Bottom line is
 It 's not playable ... The mouth pieces are not even hollowed out.I 'm returning it to the company .
 I recieved an unplayable instrument , both pipes were not tuned to unison . I was told by the seller that they `` came like that '' , and that I could return mine -LRB- at my own shipping cost -RRB- for a replacement , but with no guarantee of better quality . At the low cost I paid for this instrument , I was not about to waste more money on sending it back for another instrument of indeterminate quality .
 there is obviously no quality control step before shipping . my instrument is imposable to assemble because the bamboo itself is warped . even if i bought new reeds they still would not work because they will not fit into the instrument.i filed a claim to return my package , and they expect me to pay shipping . im not going to pay shipping twice to fix their mistake . i should have read the other reviews before buying . even though the flute is cheap , with shipping it was right around ten bucks . not at all worth ten bucks for some useless bamboo . i can get free bamboo just about everywhere in the world . i do n't at all recommend this seller .
 When I saw this little wind instrument , I was ecstatic !!! Thought it would add another great sound to my Jazz Band `` Suezenne fordham Chamber Jazz LA '' ... . a fifth stream Jazz quartrt . Alas not to be no matter what I did this cheal little sucker would not prouduce ONE squeak !!! Nothing worked . I t sounded intriguing to me as it is supposed to produce two tones ... a drone and a viable melody in improvising ! Aas I say ... . keep your money in your pocket with this one and spendf some more $ $ $ $ s and get something that doesnt make your face turn red with frustration at creating a sound , only to have nothing but wheezeing going on ... . Bleck !!! Next time I light the fireplace , I 'll throw it in for kindling ! Just joking .
 This CD is horrible . The music is off , the singing is pathetic and it did n't in any way resemble original songs . That 's the most important thing about Karaoke singing ... you want to feel like the original singer . Not possible with this mess . What a waste ! Sounds like something that was just thrown together and handed to the unsuspecting public to purchase . The Motown Original Artist Karaoke CDs are the best yet . I just wish there were more like these relating to more up-to-date songs for the young people in our family . If I could give this CD a zero , I would . Do n't waste your money or time .
 This does not come with vocal tracks or lyrics even though it says that it does . Very difficult to use without those .
 My brother and I have been playing trumpet now for many years . We both have used many mutes , but this one seemed to be the best deal for our personal collection . The Mute works great for about one year , but then falls apart . There is no piece to hold the cup part on , so after awhile , the straight mute stays in the trumpet , but the cup part falls out .
 I bought this for my son to use in pit for high school musical.He asked me for a new one after one use . Falls apart and does n't stay in place . He says he can only use it as straight mute .
 I received this case as a gift and it does not fit a Michael Kelly Legacy F mandolin ... not even close . It 's at least a 1/2 inch too narrow across the body .
 I strongly recommend you consider a different product , such as Acid Hip Hop , instead . Acid is a more flexible program , with a tempo that is adjustable during the song and with more simultaneous tracks -LRB- eJay has only 8 -RRB- , and it also has better samples.I was hoping that the scratch editor would make this worth using , but it 's totally broken . I was totally unable to get decent sounds out of it , and I * have * been able to get decent scratching out of other programs.I simply can not recommend this program to anyone .
 I was hoping this program would be better than the Dance EJay . The impossible happened ! The horrible program known as Dance EJay is not the worst music creating program out there . I 'd give it negative stars , but one positive star is as low as it gets . This Program was unbelievably boring . First of all , you can not make your own tracks . OK you can input your own vocals , or use the retarded scratch screen . The scratches do n't sound real or even give the impression that they were actually scratched . You can only use the pre-programed bass lines , backgrounds , and sound effects . You ca n't even really alter the tempo . For some strange reason , the creators of this program decided that every person using their software would all prefer to use the same stuff -LRB- tempo , loops , garbage -RRB- . All I can say to not bash this waste of money is ... . Well , I 'll just recommend that you buy ACID Music or MTV Music Generator . The flexibility and fun factor of these programs alone are more than enough reason to get them . Not considering that you can create many completely different music genres in many forms . This EJay stuff is for the ignorant simpletons . For those of us who would like to make enjoyable or profittable music , stick to ACID or MTV . With these two , you ca n't go wrong . As for the hours and days or enjoyment mentioned in other reviews , It simply is not there . I used this program for about an hour before I wanted to break the CD . Please , do n't support this waste of money . Buy something worth your while . Thank You .
 I needed one of these for an event at work . I figured , order one
 First , I would like to point out the image here shows four carts mounted in-line , all on one side of the case -LRB- I believe this is a newer version -RRB- . I have a different version of the case , which has two on either side , on the ends , opposing each-other . I own a few different Shure products , and all-in-all I like their company/products . At first , I was thrilled with this thing ; it has a rubber gasket that keeps dust , liquid , etc , out -LRB- as far as I can tell it 's air-tight -RRB- . It 's got a nice , solid plastic shell - feels very durable . I am a DJ , so I throw this thing into my backpack , and take extra mounted cartridges as backups . However , after I mounted my carts on the headshells in the Baerwald alignment -LRB- in this instance , that means they are towards the front -RRB- , the carts are so far forward they hit the opposing pair when you try to close the case !!! I am using SHURE M44-7 CARTS WITH TECHNIC HEADSHELLS -LRB- the most common headshell/cart combo -RRB- . I also have a Shure M97xE cart , with the same problem.Just to be absolutely clear
 I was very excited when I got this as I had been using the case that the mounted shells come in to carry around 4 carts , not the handiest solution . This case was supposed to make my life a little bit easier during breakdown and travel . Anyhow the plastic that the case is made of is hard as a rock , its definitely built tough on the outside . However , the plastic that holds the cartridges in place gets loose and one actually snapped at the top . I only had it for about 6 months before I started finding delicate and expensive cartridges shaking around the case . Something better than this is needed but not sure what would work . And I was using standard technics head shells that come pre-mounted with Shure M44-7 cartridges , so no way that it was a size issue.Do not buy .
 Will not hold Ortofon headshells -LRB- standard headshells , not OM series cartrages -RRB- because the headshell lift arm sits to high and the case will not close , also it will not allow Ortofon headshells to be in the position furthest away from the hinge or it will hit the hinge . It appears this is only for Technics style headshells . With just a little bit better design research , this could have been a great product . Too bad Shure did not take the time to do it right .
 The Leadsinger Microphone is the same thing -LRB- but different casing -RRB- at one third the price.Otherwise , this is a great Karaoke system -LRB- if you like Karaoke -RRB- . It is much better than the disc playing systems .
 Buyer Beware!My credit card was charged and I never received the product . Additionally , it appears to me as if ultimateshoppingworld may be shut down , possibly out of business . Strongly recommend you avoid purchasing anything from them.Mark
 used to be that yamaha made a decent mid priced PA , but by the plastic construction and sound of these PA speakers they are obviously cutting lots of corners . i thought i might be able to use these for small coffee house shows and for rehearsal but they ca n't even compete with small guitar amp . oh well , as they say `` you get what you pay for ''
 Less than a year old , one output to speakers failed in mid-gig . Got a Y-connector -LRB- speakers are mono -RRB- . Second output failed in middle of next gig . Furious .
 I like the size , sound -LRB- except the reverb , which Is pretty awful but fortunately I do n't need -RRB- and feature set of this setup , but after owning it about two years now , I 've concluded the reliability is just not there . First failure was a noisy fan , starting after a couple of months and which ultimately ended up cutting out entirely . I was able to replace this myself after finding the part , but it 's clear they 're using the most low budget fans they can find -LRB- and there are two mini muffin fans inside that are n't identical -RRB- . And now the left channel speaker output has started cutting out , mostly only working when the unit is warmed up and even then somewhat intermittently . I 'm not sure I 'll bother to fix it at this point , and instead invest in something better . It seems to me both the mechanical parts as well as the electrical are ultra-low-budget consumer grade parts that just wo n't last .
 I recently purchased the TKL 5430 gig bag for my G&L . It was the most expensive gig bag in the store . I always try to buy quality , especially when it comes to protecting my instruments . The first time out with the bag , two of the zipper pulls broke . I am not hard on my gear , these pulls were nowhere near beefy enough . I tried to resolve the problem directly with TKL . They wanted me to pay shipping back to them to replace the bag . That was just wrong , the bag broke the first time I used it . After a few back and forths , including me sending pics of the broken pulls , I was told this was an isolated incident and I should return the bag to the store where purchased it . Talk about a complete lack of customer service . At one time , TKL manufactured high quality bags and cases , but like so many other companies , they sent the manufacturing to Asia . There is nothing to distinguish their products from all the other imports , with one exception . The high price . Shame on you TKL .
 This cello came unassembled . It also did not include any instructions for assembly . Within 24 hours , the bridge snapped in half .
 Possible bait and switch . Unit sent was damaged and was a much cheaper brand ! After a dispute filed with Amazon I got my money back . Look for a better source if you want to buy an insrument .
 I was hoping these nylon-based sticks would have great durability , however the joint where the bristles are connected to the stick shaft is very high on the stick , and is very brittle . This joint cracked and shattered within an hour of moderate usage during a live set.I did like the solid wood design and handle grip , so I 'll give it 2 stars and recommend it only for light playing . As for myself , I 'll go back to using either the originalHot Rodsor Lightning Rods.Hopefully , an S-Rods 2.0 will be produced with a better design , in which case I 'll likely try them again .
 Ordered 2 pair of Pro Mark Hot Rod drumsticks but unfortunately received 1 x Hot Rod and 1 x Lighning Rod pairs of sticks . Totally different items !!! The Lightning Rod drumsticks are useless for my purposes . In reality , this very rarely happens with items that I buy from Amazon , but , this time I really needed to be supplied with the right product . On the positive side , the delivery was AMAZING !!!! . . 5 days from date of order to delivery in Australia . Incredibly fast delivery .
 I was so excited to get these because of the nylon tips . I thought it would last a lot longer than the wood-tipped ones I had . Wrong ! The whole end of the stick broke off after only my second practice . I duct-taped it and it lasted a little longer , but then broke several more times . My suggestion is to do some `` preemptive duct-taping '' right between the nylon tip and the wooden part when you first get it . That way it 'll last you at least 4 or 5 more practices ...
 thought i was going to get a lil better product than what i received . the black rods have came out the plastic hole that it was kinda glued in . cheap materials
 We purchased this item and and additinal item an extra set of violin strings , the strings were reecived but we have never received the shoulder pad , because of the small dollar amount paid we have not bothered to complain , We however have stopped shopping on this site and returned to EBAY for our shopping . we have been very pleased with our expierence with EBay and overstock and would recommend those sites for shopping never having had a bad expierence .
 This Laouta was shown in the ad a different instrument with the center hole lattice unfinished raw wood and the body of the instrument more pear shaped . What I received was the other style laouta with the black center lattice work and a more round body that is also shown on the internet from Mid-East and others . The pick guard also is black in the ad and actual recieved Laouta has a wood veneer pick guard . This product was misprepresented and I would like to have Mid East offer a free return for not meeting the advertised picture .
 I looked long and hard to find the older model of the Kun shoulder rest with the real rubber feet made from rubber hosing . I have read reviews of the plastic-rubber hybrid that Kun switched to some time ago and wanted to avoid the problems they mentioned -LRB- and now that I have seen it up close I can understand - this stuff just is n't that grippy -RRB- . So , as I just mentioned , the shoulder rest I received is the newer plastic-footed kind . I sent a complaint about this through Amazon 's feedback system and the seller told me that the photo is selected by Amazon.com or something . They said &#34; the picture is pulled from an Amazon image previously loaded by another vendor and is NOT our picture . &#34; Even though this is Amazon 's fault , apparently , Amazon.com customer service says this is the proper venue for complaints , so here I am , & still looking for an older style shoulder rest . -LRB- I guess this is also a general disappointment in Kun as a company , too . -RRB-
 Hi there ... here is a quick run-down of the Tascam CD/Minidisc -LRB- not Hi-MD -RRB- dual deck dubber , the MD-CD1 . It 's the last available CD/MD dubber , useful for making a reliable copy of a cd or especially to make reliable test copies of a mix . The Tascam at first APPEARS as a pro-sumer unit which should satisfy even the most demanding audiophile who appreciates the sonic virtues of Atrac Type-R SP minidisc -LRB- which despite the bad press given to minidisc 's quality over the years , is nearly indistinguishable from the original -RRB- . The Tascam 's `` appearance , '' however , is misleading . Sadly , the unit does NOT measure up to the Sony mid-fi or hi-end units of yesterday , whether it be stand-alone MD decks or dubbers , due to a complete lack of basic hands-on design expertise by Tascam/Teac , merely a shadow of its former self . Hell , not EVEN a shadow ... I bought the new Tascam MD-CD1 off eBay for about half list price . The unit LOOKS nice , and feels decently built . It appears as a decent quality home deck with a rack adapter . I basically got the unit as it 's probably going to be the last CD/MD deck ever made , as well as to augment my MXD-D400 deck when I need to do fast Atrac-R high speed digital dubs when need-be in a pinch -LRB- I almost always record analog through a Carver tube CD player through its Soft Eq circuit , but that takes a bit of time to do it to perfection -RRB- . So , basically , the Tascam 's point is to be a dubber ; everything else is just lagniappe . However , there are some strange quirks with the unit , and one completely unforgivable JOKE of a design flaw disaster that makes the unit useless.The first thing you notice is that the manual is not clear nor specific regarding features such as record levels , why there are two ways to set the analog record level , why there are two ways to set the dubbing digital level , why high speed dubbing ignores these settings , etc. . There is only ONE display on the unit ; you have to toggle between the two sides to read the display for either the CD or the MD. . Annoying . Same goes for the output ; you have to select which one you want , even if you just hit `` play '' on the MD side . Annoying . The menus are not user friendly or intuitive to use in any way . When you adjust one parameter , you have to start from scratch and enter the menu every time you want to adjust something . And , the knob is ABOVE the display , so you ca n't read the display when you adjust the dial ; you have to hold your arm consciously out of the way . Ergonomically , the deck looks good , but it 's not user-friendly . The CD player side has its own playback volume adjustment buried in a menu , and it is performed in the digital domain . What they do n't tell you however is that this changes the record volume on the MD side but only in regular speed dubbing . This , however , turns out to be a GREAT thing -LRB- see below -RRB- , since when you DO wish to adjust the recording level when dubbing from CD to MD , you CAN adjust the record level under the MD menu , however you can NOT monitor the level in ANY way ! There is NO record/pause function when dubbing that also allows you to enter the menu to even set the record level . Going by logical protocol , a user would enter the recording mode menu on the MD side , select `` Rec Level '' and be able to see the levels while in dubbing standby mode and adjust them accordingly . No can do . There is no way to send the CD player signal to the MD side and thus see the record levels if you do not have the recorder in `` dubbing '' mode . But , once you enter dubbing mode , you ca n't access the menu to adjust anything . If you adjust the record level beforehand , your recordings WILL reflect how you set that level , but there is no way to tell how to set them in this method , since you 'd have to do as you would with a 2 head cassette deck and literally play back what you just recorded to see if the levels are clipped . BUT , with MD , you CAN NOT SEE a clipped/over indication once recorded . Adjusting the dubbing record volume is seemingly hit-or-miss when set by the conventional method that most people would ever THINK to use . Absolutely useless design . This is ABSURD that this is designed by such incompetent engineers ... Now , to the aforementioned CD side playback volume adjustment . Since this adjustment is in the digital domain , and this adjustment affects the level that the MD records at , the way around the ridiculous problem mentioned above is to simply adjust the CD playback volume as if you are adjusting record levels and leave the MD record level side at 0.0 db . This way , before you dub , you can actually SEE the CD 's actual levels while playing -LRB- the clipping/over indicator does work when adjusting the CD playback output -RRB- and your MD 's will be recorded at the proper volume . I have no clue what they were -LRB- or were NOT -RRB- thinking when they designed this thing . Tascam has truly lost the greatness that they once had such a knack for.The MD 's analog input level control can be both controlled by the `` Rec Level '' adjustment in the menu and ALSO by the input knobs on the front panel . Makes no sense . If the input volume knobs are all the way down , you still get signal recorded . Idiotic . Why did they think they had to re-design and complicate such a simple thing as record level control ? There are 5 ways to adjust it on this unit depending on what you are recording . And , the analog inputs are NOISY AS HELL . Not as bad as my Onkyo MD-133 deck -LRB- only the input monitoring stage works on that , the mechanism to play discs does n't ... thanks Craig 's List **** -RRB- but nowhere near the quietness of Sony ES decks by ANY means . It 's ok for casual recording , but I would NEVER use it to record anything of importance through it 's own noisy analog circuits.The deck does have a neat gimmicky `` key change '' feature for CD playback , and in normal speed dubbing mode , however you set the `` key '' or the `` pitch '' of the CD is how the MD gets recorded . The pitch control could at least be useful in some cases , so I guess the unit has a plus.Now , for the clincher ... NO MATTER HOW YOU DUB -LRB- NORMAL OR HIGH SPEED -RRB- THE UNIT INSERTS BLANK SPACES BETWEEN DUBBED TRACKS !!!?!??!?!?!?!!?!!!!!!!!!!!! There is NO setting to change this . I dubbed a few CD 's both regular speed and normal speed , and sure enough , this worthless *** adds a second or so of SILENCE between songs !!! This has nothing to do with any Auto Cue settings , Auto Space settings , dubbing modes , or settings of ANY kind . ABSURD ! AGAIN ! IDIOTIC ! AGAIN ! I thought something might be wrong ... then looked in the manual . This is NORMAL operation for this unit ! The manual states to physically connect the CD digital output to the MD input with an optical cable to avoid this ! WHY ????? WTH ????!?!?!?!?!?! If I 'm going to do that , then WHY HAVE AN `` ALL IN ONE '' MD/CD UNIT ??? If you connect the unit in this way as instructed by the manual , you lose ALL the benefits of a dubber ... no high speed , no quick EASY dubs , no lack of hassle ... this is the POINT of a dubber ! To dub the EXACT CD as easily and quickly as possible ! The fact that this unit inserts blank spaces basically makes this unit USELESS for anything unless you KNOW beforehand that the spaces will be acceptable on a particular CD that you may happen to be dubbing ! Needless to say , I 'm appalled by the absolute incompetence in designing this thing . Tascam , you 're officially in a coma . This plug 's about to be pulled.Oh why oh why Sony did you have to abandon minidisc ? NO ONE seems to know how to make these things work intuitively and sensibly as you once did ... the Onkyo 's Hi-MD decks leave out important features and editing precision , Tascam is run by a bunch of clueless designers who never USED a physical recording device in their lives , and everyone else gave up years ago . Minidisc 's only limitation regarding it being a mixdown medium was that it was compressed , but Hi-MD solved that issue ... until Sony -LRB- or anyone else for that matter -RRB- failed to provide a serious full-featured stand-alone Hi-MD deck . Too bad . Minidisc 's stand-alone editing options are amazingly precise , and perfect for those of us who hate to use a computer to make music.Sorry , everybody ... but the last bastion of a decent quality near hi-end home MD deck/dubber turned out to be a major dud that 's pretty much useless in its desired purpose . It always made me feel better about MD that `` at least you can still get a hi-end quality deck from Tascam since Sony gave up '' but I 've sadly been ripped for a very expensive deck that does n't properly do what it was designed for . But , it looks good . Oh well. : -LRB- Sorry if I was overly harsh .
 I 've always used Elixirs . Saw the good reviews for this set and figured I 'd give them a try since they were 60 % cheaper . They did n't feel or sound as good . Also , they did n't stay in tune well at all . I have a Taylor 214ce and with Elixirs , I 've been regularly surprised by how well those strings stay in tune . Maybe these strings just do n't mesh with my particular guitar , but they failed my test .
 Parker 's reputation for quality is unwarranted in my experience . I bought a Parker Fly Mojo Midi in April 2011 -LRB- so , yes , conveniently for Parker , their one year warranty has expired -RRB- . The guitar began buzzing on the lower register frets , while the higher registers were buzz-free . Seems unlikely , right ? i took the guitar to my local guitar tech who pointed out that the fretboard is separating from the neck . I am an amateur who plays the guitar several hours a week . The guitar has been out of my house once , for a two hour jam session . I would be angry if a $ 300 Mexican Strat suffered such a fate after a year and a half of gentle play . But a $ 4,000 guitar ?!?! Looks like a replay of CBS ' purchase of Fender . Unfortunately , I have a Post - U.S. Music Corp. . Parker Fly , which will probably have all the value of a post-CBS Fender down the road . STEER CLEAR OF PARKER UNTIL THEY FIX THEIR QUALITY ISSUES !!! Caveat Emptor !!
 The fact that it was USB powered and still was a source of phantom power is what sold me but when I used it on my PC , the lag time was remarkably annoying . I found myself wasting more time editting this product 's mistakes instead of recording . Waste of money and time .
 I 've had this device for about 3 or 4 years now . I mainly do drum covers and a few full band things , and over time I 've gotten less and less satisfied with the quality it produces , both through the XLR and the 1/4 '' inputs . The site claims it has `` noise-less '' pre amps , but I 've found once you go over the 10 o'clock position , there 's white noise . So false advertising there.For drums , I started recording in a small room with a kick and overhead mic both going directly into the Lambda . The result was very lifeless sounding drumkit . The mic preamps , while being good for a beginner 's interface , are crap if you want good quality recordings . So instead of plugging the mics into the Lambda , I plugged the mics into a mixer -LRB- allowing me to use more mics -RRB- and plugged the sends of that into the Lambda 's line inserts . I compared the pre-device and post-device mixes , the pre sounded great , but as soon as it went through the lambda , it was again lifeless . I tried messing with sampling rates , conversion and what-have-you and nothing changed.For guitar , I liked being able to plug directly in the front , so that was convenient . And I use Amplitube , a guitar DAW , for my sounds , but the signal was still pretty weak . Same with bass . Obviously the midi is fine since it 's all computer.Like the title says , this is great for those starting out , just messing around with Garageband or Cubase , or an amateur just wanting a cheap , convenient way to record . But if you want sound quality , I 'd suggest you increase the amount you 're willing to pay for.Sorry for the long review , but I felt I should include everything .
 I had high hopes for this given its specs and price , however , though it is said to be compatible with Windows XP , I could n't get my rig to recognize it and load the drivers without which nothing worked . I called the tech people at Lexicon -LRB- Harman is the parent company -RRB- I was immediately connected with a knowledgeable engineer-type who listened to the symptoms , had me look in my device driver where we saw that it was listed , but not as an audio device . It was under `` Other Devices . '' `` Ah . '' he said `` That 's the problem . XP does n't recognize it for what it is and therefore wo n't load the drivers . '' Encouraged by his astuteness , I asked , `` OK , what 's the workaround ? '' He answered , `` There is n't any . Windows was supposed to have fixed it in SR 3 . Which version do you have ? '' `` SR3 , '' I told him . `` Yeah , '' He sighed , `` this comes up every once in a while . I 'm afraid I ca n't help you . It 's a Windows thing . '' `` Really ? '' I whined , `` Nothing you can do ? '' `` Sorry . Everyone here in engineering has been talking about this since it first came up , but nobody 's got a fix for it . Like I said , It 's a Win ... '' '' ... dows thing , '' I sang along in harmony.Left with no other recourse , since Windows online support naturally had nothing remotely close to helpful that I could find , I returned the item and purchased , for about 30 bucks more , -LRB- at 170 -RRB- an m-audio firewire solo audio interface which I set up yesterday . I had a few awful moments when the blue screen of death kept appearing , after I 'd installed the drivers and was trying to open my recording app , Sony Acid . But m-audio 's extensive and well-organized knowledge base led me right to the problem
 Faulty ! I get a high pitch sound every time I record . I have spend days adjusting settings , reloading drivers and troubleshooting . I loaded it on to two different computers with the same result .
 I bought this interface a week ago and is still having problems recording with it . I ha badaax mic connected to it but when I try to record vocals it only records one side and is very low . I can barely hear it . I need help
 I would not recommend buying this product . I 've installed it on two computers , one running XP and one Vista , and this program continually glitches and shuts down . I 'll be working away and then it will freeze and I 'll tell you , this is extremly frustrating . I 'm never running any other programs and many times I 'll simply be trying to open a saved file.I 'm not sure why , but this program is seriously flawed ! The full version does not have any of these problems , or at least as far as I know . Sibelius should be ashamed for selling such a worthless hunk of software !!!
 I am a film student trying to get some work done and what do I discover ? Those lovely , FREE updates to iTunes , iPhoto and iMovie -LRB- included in this software -RRB- make it so that if you want to export from iMovie to iDVD , you have to upgrade iDVD . Now guess what the only way you can accomplish that is ! By buying this software package . So , you get to spend your fifty bucks on one piece of software and the upgrades for the other 3 that are available for FREE from Apple . So basically , they screw you into buying iLife to complete the upgrade . Seriously , Microsoft is n't so underhanded !!! Shame on you , Apple !!!
 Oh my god it way to heavy for me and take a lot of wind to make it vibrate properly compare to the aluninium one , it always fall down the trumpet will not stay in the bell , i will not use it , lost money for me , may be there are some much better trumpeters than me that could use that mute but i would not suggest it to beginer like me .
 The sound effects in this product are just French people shouting 16 different phrases in french . You can not record over them , but the buttons are nice and big so it 's easy to hit them in a hurry . I 'm not sure why they mention Jamaican sound effects in the literature , I could n't get any Jamaican words out of it . There is a tone knob so you can change the pitch of the French voices from very low to very high . One creative feature is that the illuminated power light is positioned in the `` o '' of the word `` Power '' so you know for sure when this thing is on .
 I bought this for my son in Apr. . After less 10 times use within one and half month , my son told me it was dead . Since it definitely is defective product , I explained this and asked for exchange or refund through amazon . I got quick reply email from the seller Brook Mays . They gave me the return ID . So I think they agreed this is a defective product , they will give me full refund . I paid shipping and sent it back.After that , I got email again which asked me to explain why I did n't have original packaging . I am serious buyer . Probably I discarded the original packaging , after two weeks ' use . I never think it will die so soon . I explained this in the email.I got another email . It indicated that if an item is defective they must be notified within 48 hours of receiving the product . Since this was not the case they ca n't refund me the full amount . They can only refund me minus their original shipping costs and a 10 % restock fee.After minus their original shipping and a 10 % restock fee and my returning shipping , I did n't get much back.So be careful , if you buy from this seller , please keep your original packaging for returning .
 If you are musical , you probably wo n't like the electronic sound this machine makes . I am going for a traditional metronome . While more expensive , how many metronomes does one buy in a lifetime ?
 I purchased the Metronome for running training . It 's size and range of tempos were the features that appealed to the people who recommended it to me . I used it 3 times , then the volume stopped working . It was barely audible and unable to be adjusted , which made it useless for my purposes . I tried having the battery changed , but that did not work either . Very disappointing .
 I 've had this product for about a year and it works well for my purpose ; I use it for running and keeping my pace . However it needs to be better engineered when it comes to replacing the battery . The first time the battery went out I had to go to an auto parts store to purchase a phillips head screw driver small enough to get into the tiny holes and remove the tiny screws . I have a lot of very small screw drivers and none worked . No big deal , I now have a screw driver just to replace the battery . The next time the battery went dead , one of the tiny screws completey stripped and I am unable to remove it . I 'll try to drill the head off and see if it will work with only two screws . However this is too much hassle to deal with each and every time I need to replace the battery . For this reason I will be looking to buy another brand of metronmone .
 I feel that the metronome is ok for sport , but not good for piano player . The sound of the metronome is so sharp that really hurts my ears .
 While a typical metronome is soothing and could almost lull one to sleep , this one is annoying and would wake everyone up with its beep.We bought this to help our daughter with piano practice . We gave it one listen , packaged it up , and returned it . The beep was that annoying . It is n't a tick or a melodious sound , but an abrasive beep.Do the other features of this metronome work well ? Sorry , I could n't tell you . Obviously , many others love it . But I was n't about to subject myself to the noise just to write a review . The beep was a fatal flaw .
 Seiko DM50S does n't perform -- it 's cheap , filmsy and whimsical . I would not recommend it . Pay a little more and get something more solid . Also hated that shipping cost me almost as much as the product .
 Device is easy to use . I paid $ 27 for the device which I found later can be bought for less than $ 14 .
 It works fine but is over-priced for what you get . It 's like a little toy and does n't look like it would last long . If I was selling this , I would ask for $ 5 max . Certainly not $ 20 or more . If you 're using it for running , it might be just what you 're looking for but again , overpriced . Do n't buy it especially if you need it for a musical instrument . It 's not very loud and you probably wo n't be able to hear it over the music .
 I am very disppointed with the violin because it 's the main thing my daughter asked for from Santa . I took it to the music store to get tuned and they said it was very cheaply made and only to be used as a toy not for lessons . They tuned it as well as they could but it does n't stay tuned ... have to keep tightening the strings over and ove . It does n't sound good at all ... Also , the case busted open at the seams on the bottom when we zipped it up ! I will be returning it .
 I bought this violin for my daughter for her class , but the bridge needed to be carved and shortened . another money i have to spend . otherwise its fine .
 Plays alright for an inexpensive instrument to take along camping . Last week I played taps at a funeral , and I chose to use my real trumpet instead . I will continue to take it on scout camp outs .
 PLease be aware that the two holes that can be seen at the back of the holder can not fit unto most standard guitar straps . They are in fact too small . You will have to find other means of getting this holder fastened unto your guitar strap . Very poorly designed
 Well , it works in that when I strap it to my guitar it helps to keep it steady . But it 's not as hands free as I would have hoped . And it 's also extremely uncomfortable - the leather digs into my neck and rubs uncomfortably against it . Would I recommend it ? No . Do I use it ? For lack of an alternative , yes .
 i bought this led for my project i was working on and i connected it to the wires and the led blew up in my face , a shard of the plastic bulb flew in my eye and got lodged in it while it was burning hot , so my left eye ball suffered 3rd degree burn and a puncture , thankfully it wasnt my cornea that got hit but i got my medicade to pay for it and im on welfare and lost my job from so many days out and all of this was caused by this led light
 Generally , if you see Pakistan as the origin of ANY bagpipe-related gear , best to just avoid it . I 've been a piper more than 30 years and have yet to see anything from that part of the world which was not fit only for display over the fireplace -- or kindling in it . A good chanter reed these days will cost about $ 10 US ; there 's no 2 ways around it , and there are any number of reputable piping sources online , all across the US as well as Scotland and Canada . A decent set of pipes will cost in the $ 1000 range , so if you see a set going for 2 or 3 hundred somewhere -- do n't even bother . Even a decent used set is worth in the $ 600 range -- at least . Same with chanters alone -- a good plastic chanter will run about $ 150 , blackwood about $ 100 more than that . So again , if you are seeing pipe chanters selling for $ 50 -- yes , it is too good to be true . You will be buying junk.Also , bagpipes can be extraordinarily difficult to learn on your own . I am very leery of `` Teach Yourself the Pipes ! '' kits -- especially those originating from far corners of the world , many of which illegally duplicate copyrighted material from proper tutor books . It is best to find a reputable piper in your area and take personal lessons ; ideally with a band .
 I have never actually owned this ligature , but I have tried it many times because it seems to be a very popular choice among many players in my section . The problem with a ligature that makes full reed contact is that because it wraps around the entire spine of the reed . For example , a Bonade ligature has 2 parallel rails that are the only pieces of the ligature making contact with the reed , allowing the reed to have a natural range of vibration . On the other hand you have the Rovner which wraps onto the entire spine of the reed making lots of unnecessary contact and essentially choking the reed . The people who have previously reviewed this ligature seem to be inexperienced or are writing the review on the behalf of a beginner , not actually knowing what they are talking about . Although this ligature is not unplayable by any means , it is not the `` pleasant-bodied , squeak-eradicating , sound changing mouthpiece the other reviewers have made it out to be . Even for a beginner , a minimal contact ligature -LRB- Rovner Versa , ED 2 , Bonade , Optimum , Luyben -RRB- , are equally priced and will make the learning curve much less steep . Rovner makes some pretty quality ligatures , but I am afraid this is just a ligature chosen from amateur recommendation and for its aesthetic appeal . If you choose to buy one of the ligatures I have mentioned above , then there might be a real change in sound , not just a placebo . Here are some personal reccomendations : Bonade Clarinet Ligatures & Caps , Bb Clarinet - Inverted - Ligature OnlyL . Ligature & Cap Set
 When I ordered this item for my great-grandson , it was supposed to be silver . I did n't check to see if I had received the correct color , but found it was NOT SILVER when he opened it today . Did I make the mistake?Bonnie
 I hate to do it , but I have to agree with the other one-star review . This ligature does not hold the reed in place , and each time I pull the mouthpiece out , I end up with three pieces in my hand , the reed , the ligature , and the mouthpiece . I was quite surprised given the other excellent reviews . So , this is a no go for me .
 I hate this ligature . Slips all the time , ca n't get a good tight grip on the reed to hold it in place and stretches out . A piece of crap as far as I 'm concerned .
 Unhappy with what I received . The picture shows black with silver metal , but they sent one with gold metal which does n't match a silver saxophone ! If the item truly is gold colored , then picture it that way , or at least write in the decription that what you receive will be different than what is pictured !
 The DI is clean - I have 5 of the Behringer DI100 and they have been reliable for 3 + years.When the 4x12 emulation is turned on with the GI100 there is a LOT of noise , so much so that it is not useable . Still a good DI , but for me , the emulation is a disappointment . I wish I had bought another DI100 because I always have to check this unit to make sure the emulation is turned off .
 Behringer Active DI Box for Guitar GI100 . The one I purchased is defective out of the box . Unfortunately , I did n't get around to using it for a couple months . Either/or both the input from guitar or output to mixer feed is defective . I get direct signal link out , but nothing from guitar to mixer . Checked and double checked my wires and feeds . Behringer has yet to respond . Made in China .
 i connect it with my acoustic guitar to a pa during church service , here and there i have to go to the snake unplug it and replug it in to get the signal , and yes , it loses signal after a little while .
 This metronome is an excellent buy . The sound is a distinctive `` click '' , with plenty of volume , rather than the digital beep sound found on many others . There were only two features I would like to see improved , an adjustable volume control , and a way to select tempos between those provided . Well worth the nominal expense .
 I hooked this item up and tried all 4 transmitters and all 8 mics . The only way I could get any sound was to yell into the mics or blow really hard into them with the gain turned all the way up which then also produced a loud buzz.I returned the item and a replacement was sent to but , that too produced the same results . Very dissapointed in this item . I just returned the second one for a full refund .
 Terrible quality . Waste of money . Using more than one of the mics together generates many problems
 This item works fine the first two times , then the sound was very bad with noise . I did return the unit for a change and with the second unit was the same thing . I will return the new one because only works the first time and now is getting noise .
 I bought these for a church production . Even with the receiver 2 meters away the headsets cut out completely when the person walked then would take 2 sec . to come back on when the person stood still . Defeats the point of wireless if you can move .
 Ordered this product to add to a AV setup at work . Three out of the four transmitters did not work out of the box . Amazon sent a return label though so the only thing lost is a little time .
 we bought four of this Model pdwm4400 and all work in the same frequency so we have to return , because it was for the church choir and did n't work .
 I received the microphones in time . They were packaged well . But they did n't work . It made my sound system hum really bad and the voice from the mics were not clear at all . Very frustrating . Returned the item for a refund .
 You get what you pay for . This product performs like a hundred dollar wireless mic system . The sound breaks up ; the mics are cheap and flimsy . I was hoping to get a great bargain , but instead I got frustration in a box . I could not make this work acceptably at all . No matter how I adjusted the levels it just sounded horrible . Do NOT buy this .
 I am a Youth Pastor and ordered this inexpensive system for us to do children 's drama and have for puppet presentations . I did not order it for superior sound quality or for singing . I understand that it is inexpensive and you get what you pay for ... knew that going in however ... The sound on this system is horrible to the point of being unrecognizable . We tried all 4 wireless sets , interchanged headsets , used the lapel mics , tried a totally different sound board and the voices were so garbled that you could not make out anything they said.I strongly recommend you NOT purchase this product . I had it for 2 hours fiddling with it and decided to return it . And yes , I read the instructions.I read another review here were a church purchased it for a children 's play and it worked perfectly . I would like to know how ... or maybe they just got a system that works . I personally will not take that chance again .
 I 'm just getting back in from a church gig with lots of frustration !!! I bought this set last week to do an Easter stage play today at a church . All of the mics sounded like CRAP and the signals were weak as well . We ended up not being able to use them at all . I WASTED MY HARD EARNED MONEY !!! I 'm just warning anyone who 's thinking about getting these . Pay a little more for something else .
 I am a woodwind teacher , and had a beginning student come in with a Sky clarinet . Her parents got it on an on-line auction site for less than $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . She started taking lessons and playing in 5th grade band in August . By December , her parents had to look for another instrument , because the keys and rods on the Sky instrument were made of such shoddy weak metal they kept bending , and had to be constantly re-adjusted . None of the instrument repair shops will touch these off-shore no-name instruments , because the parts are n't standardized and the workmanship is shoddy . Her parents bought a Selmer , and it has worked great for her for the last 18 months.Pleae , Please Please if you are buying an instrument for your beginning band student , talk to your school band director ! He/she can give you very good advice on what brands to look for . Brand-new band instruments that are listed for less than $ -LSB- ... -RSB- are almost always just shiny toys .
 This is the second Gemini mic I have bought and neither worked . I had to send in the first one back to the factory right out ot the box and now this latest one did not even make it through one show and is not working . I am sending it back to the factory and telling them I want my money back but am sure they will not do it .
 It did just what it was supposed to do , gave two in-tune harmonies to go with the lead !! Also has some of the features of the Live 4 which we also use .
 my measured plate voltage was 55v -LRB- !! -RRB- higher than with a JAN phillips NOS 5y3GT . B + went from 370v to 425v . it was also higher than with a 5u4gb ! i read on the net that this was a re-labeled 5ar4 , and would turn my deluxe into tweed flambe but i just _ had _ to buy the cheap one ... . now i believe it .
 I bought this as a beginner guitar for my 4 year old nephew . Recently I went to visit him for a week and played his guitar 2 to 3 times a day , and each time I had to retune it . Even when it 's tuned it does n't sound that good . As far as how it looks ... it looks and feels kind of cheap . Next time I 'd spend a lttle more money and get something that does n't need to be tuned every few hours !
 This is the greatest idea ever . -LRB- ... -RRB- you can pick it up instantly at any Toys `` R '' Us store ! If you aspire to sound like a true New York City fog horn coming from underwater , then you have to buy this product NOW ! Who cares if no reputable music repair shop will work on them ! -LRB- ... -RRB- if it breaks then think about it this way , your child could be playing on a brand new trumpet every week . He/She will be the envy of everyone in their class . -LRB- other recommended products for anyone buying this are as follows
 This toy stinks like my dodo Dont ever by this garbge only a fool wil by this so think twice
 DO NOT BUY THIS INSTRUMET ! My son got it last week and wanted to play beautiful music not music that sounded like a wailing cocatoo ! The instrument teacher told me to bring it back because when I looked inside it there were real live cocatoo turds . Thank you very much fist act for putting cocatoo turds in my son 's trumpet .
 dont get it . dont get it dont get it !!! this is all i have to say . *** thank you ***
 I 've tried many preamp tubes and this one is n't my favorite.While it was working it was very dark and kinda messy / sloppy.After about a day or two the tube went bad . nice.Would not recommend
 I bought this to use as a practice bass and keep it near my computor so I could learn cover songs off of you tube.The fret board sounds like a buzz saw . Fret buzz on every string at almost every position . It also weights maybe 2 or 3 pounds more than my Gibson SG bass which is weird cause it is almost the same body size and style . I would never use it in a real gig .
 We know that $ 200.00 buys hardly anything these days . But , we were n't prepared for a complete setup ; including -LRB- gasp -RRB- , filing down the frets . This being out of production for a few years - we were thinking that maybe we would be getting something from what was left over from the great Zelinski start-up before the quality went that far south.From when we first got this thing , all the strings buzzed all the frets , except the low B string . It was the only one that would past the muster . It came with the bridge settings for the strings too high to begin with . After a few beers for liquid courage , we detached the neck from the body , and filed all the frets down with a flat bastard mill file with masking tape double stacked over the fingerboard to protect the rosewood . Profile being at + -5 degrees , it was not too hard to keep the slight arc across the fingerboard . Creating the roundness was harder as the file would have to be passed over with an angle . After several hours of this operation , we reassembled and tuned up the bass , and the results were much better . E string was the only one that had a couple of frets that would have to be worked with . The others were just fine . Tightening or loosening the trussrod made no difference with the slight inward bow the fingerboard had with the strings in tune.The body has a lot of flaws - it looks as if they put the finish on over splintered wood . The electronics have sloppy soldering as well for the most part.If you are a beginner , this would NOT be a very good choice as your chances of making anything come out clean would only frustrate you into giving up - or into thinking that others have more of a talent than you . But once again - it is not only the person where practice makes perfect . A good musical device would have to be had as well.Sad to report this .
 Come on ... 70 dollars for some packing foam ? I Put this up in my studio and noticed absolutely zero changes in sound reflections . Most other acoustic foam i 've seen is much thicker and heavier . This product was a total rip off . Especially since the description said 12-4 ` x2 ` x2 '' panels . if I had received 12 pieces then maybe that would have been worth it . But no . This stuff literally costs like a dollar to make . Now I see the same product listed at over $ 400 !?!? Come on . $ 400 dollars for a 2x4 piece of packing foam ? Who are you kidding?Total rip off . Very Misleading
 did not get item not good company watch out they ship it out before it comes in they take it back dumb and i waited for about a week
 I got this guitar over a year ago . It has a got that sorta depressing , ugly horror movie sort of sound to it . I would not suggest you to buy this ever . I would suggest getting a guitar by a much more known brand instead , such as a good Yamaha guitar thats about $ 150 - $ 250 . This guitar is the worst guitar I have ever heard and even a good guitar player will not sound good on it .
 This may be a convenient solution sometimes but it is a BAD one . 125v 20 Amp equipment can ONLY be plugged into a 5ALT-20R or 5-20R socket . -LRB- NEMA reference codes -RRB- Meaning if it has one vertical spade and one horizontal spade IT DOESN `` T FIT IN YOUR SOCKET FOR A GOOD REASON ! It does n't matter if this adapter is a heavy gauge or not , it is being plugged into something that is not rated for 20A . This product is NOT UL listed meaning they have recognized that it is not a safe product . Do n't risk damaging equipment , facilities or even worse causing injury or possibly even death . DO NOT USE THIS PRODUCT !
 I needed one of these right away and did n't have time to run all over town looking for one so I broke down and bought it . It works but the quality is average at best and is overpriced by about ten times .
 You can find photos of the Furman ADP-1520 online at sweetwater DOT com . Imagine my surprise when I opened this package and got a knock-off cable without the requisite breaker for safety!That 's right . It 's a 20 AMP to 15 AMP adapter cable and to save money the manufacturer omitted the current overload breaker switch . When I saw the posted photo I thought the button was on the other side or something , but no such luck.Claiming it 's a Furman ADP-1520 is simply fraudulent in my view . Only buy this if you do n't mind getting a cable without the safety features .
 At first I thought this stand would be PERFECT for my bass , but I was very wrong ! The poles are very flimsy and will say back and forth if you tough it with your bass on it . I would advise against using this for a bass , ESPECIALLY if there are children or pets in your home who could potentially bump it . It is also very difficult to adjust it to fit your bass . You are better off just lowering your end pin and leaning your bass into a corner with the bridge facing into the corner .
 I tried to use this with Ableton , and it only records in mono . The cord itself is very cheaply made and the sound quality is just average to below average . What 's more , the built-in preamp is weak , and the volume is extremely quiet . The volume might be acceptable for voice recording , but for instruments it 's really bad . Overall
 Some liar on here sold me on this . He had to be lying because this only works with a driver that is not found by rock band 2 . This product may work fine with basic audio computer stuff , but DO NOT BUY for Rock band 2 .
 When I first got this I expected it to be just as easy as it says . Just plug it in , and bam you 're recording your microphone.That 's not the case at all . As the other reviewer said , when you plug it in it gives a `` USB Not Recognized '' error . Unlike him , however , I 'm using Windows 7 not XP . I did get it to work eventually , but here 's the thing
 This product seems to work on some machines but not all . On an XP w/sp3 , the system does not recognize the device and asks for the location of a device driver . Of course this is not available and SoundTech Tech claims that they do not know what device driver the cable uses . They also claim that they can not find out what device driver is needed as they do not manufacture the Lightsnake , and they do not have authority to contact the OEM . After searching the Internet , it appears that I am not alone with this problem , but SoundTech actually told me to call Microsoft to find the device driver . Not much help here as Soundtech can not tell me what device driver I should be looking for . Maybe the worst tech support I have experienced in my 30 + years in the IT industry !
 All my recordings have a snowy noise in them . I contacted the manufacuturer and was told `` Its unfortunately the nature of the beast '' . If you own an XLR microphone , you care too much about the sound for this cable to be good enough for you . I returned mine .
 I like that these are larger than most children 's maracas and my girls loved them immediately , but these are very cheaply made and split in 1/2 the 1st day . They need to be handled very gently .
 Generally , if you see Pakistan as the origin of ANY bagpipe-related gear , best to just avoid it . I 've been a piper more than 30 years and have yet to see anything from that part of the world which was not fit only for display over the fireplace -- or kindling in it . A good chanter reed these days will cost about $ 10 US ; there 's no 2 ways around it , and there are any number of reputable piping sources online , all across the US as well as Scotland and Canada . A decent set of pipes will cost in the $ 1000 range , so if you see a set going for 2 or 3 hundred somewhere -- do n't even bother . Even a decent used set is worth in the $ 600 range -- at least . Same with chanters alone -- a good plastic chanter will run about $ 150 , blackwood about $ 100 more than that . So again , if you are seeing pipe chanters selling for $ 50 -- yes , it is too good to be true . You will be buying junk .
 not sure if I did anything wrong but the strings broke as I was tuning guitar . Overall , not satisfied with my purchase .
 I have to say , that this product is not all that it is said to be . You ca n't download songs , it is impossible to do . The company told me `` well , the sites must no longer exist '' I attempted to download many different songs , with NO success . It is difficult to use as a player , as you can never get your songs into the play list . Then my software totally crashed my system , I uninstalled , and reinstalled and no matter what I do it gives me an error , and then closes the program . I have uninstalled it , and put it in the box . END OF STORY .
 I purchasedPlayR jukebox XXL because I liked the idea of being able to mix my own songs . I guess that was just all bells and whistles because once I downloaded the program I was never able to get my songs from my hard drive to the playlist . I tried to check out the remix section of the program and it kept shutting down the system and told me that the program was not responding . Also , once you download the program it tells you to change the resolution of your system . I dont want to have to change my computer resolution everytime I plan on running this program , it messes up all of my desktop settings . The program is just too confusing and I plan to go back to my Musicmatch jukebox program which I have NEVER had a single problem with . I guess I was just fooled by thinking I could get something extra for the same amount of money . I guess that goes to show you that things are not as good as they always seem and if you have something that you are satisfied with you had better stick with it . As a final note , Musicmatch jukebox AUTOMATICALLY transfers my recent and new music files to run on its playlist .
 The Magix Player XXL in my opinion is probably one of the hardest programs I have ever used . I am computer literate , have worked in radio and have used music/sound editing software before . However I am new to the whole CD burning thing . I have read the 160 Page manual cover to cover TWICE , and I still ca n't get the music to mix properly , or figure out what I have to do to burn what I have mixed -LRB- which took me a whole saturday -RRB- to a CD . If you are a PRO with Mp3 's this may be for you . If you are a rookie , like me . STAY AWAY . I 'm just looking for something that I can fade the ends of songs that I have downloaded . This program does n't recognize songs you may have saved to your hard disk from your own CD 's . -LRB- I do n't think , at least I ca n't figure it out . -RRB- This is WAY too much for me , way too confusing . A LOT of features that the `` normal '' music fan would never need or be able to figure out .
 This was the better mic recommended for the AT3000 wireless system . The MUCH cheaper ones actually worked just as good or better . Save your money .
 This violin is absolutely worthless . I bought it for my almost 3-year-old who loves musical instruments . The bow is completely unusable - it is so loose that it is impossible to get a sound out of the violin , plus the hairs in it were falling out within minutes of opening it . Several of the strings on the violin ca n't be tightened because the little knobs have no traction . The neck wrest fell off within minutes , and the bridge would n't stay on . I still bothered to buy another bow that was of higher quality , but even then I could n't get any sound out of the couple of strings I was able to tighten on the violin.I also accidentally bought two of these little violins . I tried to return one , but when I contacted the company through Amazon they never responded so was I unable to return it . Thus , I opened the second one to see if it was any better than the first and it was equally unusable.This violin is of no use that I can tell . It was a big disappointment on Christmas morning . They should n't even be selling it . I would have given it NO STARS , but that did n't seem to be an option . $ 70 down the drain .
 If you are buying this as a toy then its perfect . If you are buying this for a young person taking lessons , forget it . The bridge fell off immediately . The pins do not hold the strings taught . Poor quality overall . I do not recommend for a lesson taker .
 Flute was a nice design but arrived with numerous cracks throughout the body of it , some running the whole length . Money was refunded in a timely manner but did n't see any reason to re-order something of such poor quality .
 This flute is awful . I could not play it at all because the holes were way too far apart . Only someone with freakishly long fingers could play this .
 It is not working at all and it was wrongly designed , so I highly recommend to others not to even consider buying it .
 I 'm giving it 2 stars instead of 1 because it was honestly my fault buying one this cheap anyway . It worked just fine , until about 2 or so months after I got it my microphone stand fell , but not very far and hit the floor -LRB- which was carpet I might add -RRB- , but not very hard at all and the clip snapped incredibly easily , I could n't really expect otherwise because before it broke it was painfully obvious to tell that any tension at all would break it in an instant , and thus you had to be careful putting your mic in.So to sum it up , if you want a cheap , fragile , and easily breakable , BUT cheap microphone clip , then that is exactly what this is .
 I bought two of these for my 11 year old son and within 3 weeks both were broken . They are made of plastic and will hold the microphone but if you are prone to removing the microphones on a regular basis they wo n't last too long . Other comments say `` not for road use '' but I sill expected greater durability . This is a case of you get what you pay for .
 We 've had this clip for about 8 months now and I find the screw part that connects where the microphone goes to the part that screws into the stand is loose and allows the microphone and clip to slide easily and not stay in position . We did n't pay a lot for this , so maybe it 's just a matter of you get what you pay for it .
 I bought these mics to fit a shure mic and a GLS mic and it does n't fit either . A little too small .
 replaced it with a spring loaded clip . Clip is very tight holding the mic . Clip does not allow the mic to slide in very far . Clip and mic were both matched for the same barrel size . Clip also feels like it is about to break when mic is inserted . It is ok if you never need to remove the mic .
 I picked something wrong . They are too small for regular mics . They are very well made , so if they fit your mic they will be perfect .
 I ordered 5 for our school . We have a daily assembly , so they get regular use . One was busted in the packaging . Two others busted in the first week of use . I should have returned them , but I did n't have all the pieces and I hate the hassle of returning anything . If this review keeps someone from buying cheap poo nuggets like these , then it 's worth writing about my experience here . Maybe I got a bad batch , but I 'd say just look for something else if you plan to use them regularly for real live sound applications .
 Disappointed that this product did not fit the Hisonic HA1228B mic system ordered , but yet it was paired with the unit . Need to have a better matching system .
 It 's unrealistic to ever see anyone use anything like this , especially in DCI or marching bands . First off , Yamaha , Pearl , Dynasty , Lugwig , etc. all make far better marching instruments , and more top-quality instruments in general , than Signature Music has.Now , concerning actually playing these , the spacing is far to wide to do what tenor players excel at
 And even then I would n't recommend it . I found this software simple and unhelpful . There is no great organization capability and the program seems to waste a lot of disk space needlessly . I origianlly worked with Sonicstage -LRB- Sony -RRB- which I thought was great . Unfortunately Sonicstage copyright protects everything and it is therefore impossible to transfer music from one computer to the next . I bought mp3maker to solve this problem . It turned out to be a great irritation .
 The only thing to recommend this software is the somewhat intuitive interface . Otherwise , this is the worst ripper I have ever worked with . Almost every track I ripped , both on my laptop and home PC have beeps , pops and annoyances . Almost nothing is listenable.It is also one of the slowest I have used , and some CDs , for no reason I could find , just would n't rip . It would find the songs and then start to rip and just suddenly start moving at a pace where it would have taken about 8 hours to rip one album.Then , when I went to burn a music CD ... a simple project , right ? ... it NEVER completed the burn . Always an error about halfway through , so I ended up with a handful of half complete CDs before I finally just gave up.Don ' t use this software !!
 I purchased this product to record and encode music from a large collection of LPs I have . The product is not the easiest to use , and it took me several hours of `` messing around '' to finally get a good process for recording , cleaning up and converting to mp3 . I think the audio editor is not bad , but the controls for cleaning up hisses/pops/hums etc. that typically come from LPs is lacking . I also discovered that there is another product from this company called `` audio cleaning lab '' that contains the additional cleanup features I was looking for and does a much better job overall with the record-edit-convert to mp3 process than this product . Bottom line , for 30 bucks it is n't too bad and it gets the job done after spending some time with it . But if you are intending to record LPs to digital format and clean them up , I think the audio cleanup lab may be a better fit .
 This is a very attractive looking entry level program that for the most part is relatively easy to use . Simple to make basic cut and paste edits . Filtering lacks the sophistication of more expensive products making its less than adequate if you are converting scratched vinyl records or older tape cassettes to CD . I used this product in conjunction with Diamond Cut Millennium -LRB- a much more robust product designed for vinyl restoration -RRB- for seven months . The program documentation states that changes to your operating system may cause the program to inactivate your registration and stop working . In my experience , this happened and the re-activation process built into the program did not work . If this happens , you will find there is no support for this product . Repeated e-mail efforts over a three week period produced no results . I was forced to replace the product with Goldwave which seems to have a few more restoration type features but and is slightly more expensive .
 I purchased this program and expected to have a complete program , I subsequently found that the program lacked key elements to function correctly , I needed to purchase an mp3 encoder update to use the save operation for my music track costing and additional $ 14.99 , I subsequently attempted to purchase the en-coder upgrade online , Magix.com took my credit card information and thanked me . I have not received any e-mails like the program promise containing unlocking codes . `` Note '' these codes were promised within minutes . I have made -LRB- 2 -RRB- unsuccessful telephone calls to Magix , still no unlock codes . I therefore requested an RMA number to return the program still no response . I strongly recommend against purchasing anything from Magix , Their Advertising information is mis-leading . Grady .
 I just bought this program and boy , am I sorry ! There is so much wrong with this program it 's hard to know where to begin . First off , it crashes quite frequently . The documentation is terrible . The `` synthesizers '' are worthless , except for the beat box , which is pretty cool -LRB- but which crashed on me whenever I tried to play the RockPop default beat -RRB- . The guitar synthesizer is particular hopeless
 I am a frequent user of Music Maker 7 Deluxe , and it is better on so many levels than this its insane . I was very stoked to buy this product when I heard it had guitar modelling and all the great features in 7 enhanced . BUT , I bought it and realized they took out some of my favorite drum sounds , which worked the best for rock -LRB- I am a drummer who likes to make rock music in MM -RRB- . In addition , there are tons of bugs , crashes , and other annoyances to worry about . The guitar modelling is difficult to use and does n't really sound like guitar -LRB- although its better than what you had before . -RRB- The interface is also worse than before . I am very disappointed and pray to god that a patch comes out so my 60 bucks is n't wasted . I will do all my music making in version 7 , and maybe use 2004 dlux as a 60-dollar compressor . I 'm very ticked right now .
 This is not only -LRB- much like music maker generation 7 -RRB- highly unstable but pretty useless on both my of my Sony Vaios -LRB- Computer Brand -RRB- . Do not waste your money on this program it was a great disapointment because the crash ratio was higher them the running time.Even after cleaning my memory -LRB- as stated in the instructions -RRB- it crashed just as bad on both my Pentium 4 and my Athlon.Not only did it crash alot but the program effects broads , such as the guitar effects , need to be updated or done away with . They constintly errored out and most effects that was advertised on the box just plain out did not work . Stick with Sonic Foundry or final cut 4 both are alot better programs to work with .
 I do better using the built-in Windows multimedia applications and the ` Nero ' burner and wave editing software that was bundled with my CD burner . This was the MOST disappointing purchase I have ever made in my life . Nothing on the box even HINTS at the license agreement restrictions , which requires you to upgrade to a ` pro ' -LRB- or ` royalty free ' -RRB- product if you do n't want to include something similar to ` Created via MAGIX ' in anything you publish , even the FREE stuff -LRB- either that or violate the license agreement -RRB- , regardless of whether or not you use any of the samples . Further , I could n't even load a simple MIDI file without the application CHANGING THE TEMPO and as well as all of the patch information in the process . So after converting the MIDI file to ' . wav ' format -LRB- using the windows application ` sndrec32 ' and the media player , like I usually do -RRB- I then added this track as # 1 , and started trying to add extra tracks , only to find out that the ONE feature that would have made this valuable was missing
 has some bugs.needs to be improved.no staff notation.no expression marks.needs more sound variation .
 Acoustica 's Spin It Again 2.0 software looks very exciting to those folks who have hung onto their old records and tapes in hopes of re-recording them noise-free -LRB- or nearly so -RRB- . Enter Spin It Again to rescue my records . . , or so I thought . The most promising feature of this software is its `` ability '' to recognize and remove pops , clicks , and scratches from old records and dampen tape hiss and hum . Yes , it can do this , but it also suppresses all other information - like the music and singing - as well . The reality of this software , it 's non-discriminatory , suppressing both noise and music at the same time . The software does not recognize the signature of a pop or click -LRB- removing only that identified noise -RRB- , instead Spin It Again dampens all information equally . Additionally , the tutorials are disjointed and difficult to follow . If you have prior software recording experience , then your training may fill-in Acoustica 's omissions . But if you 're just a `` back-yard engineer '' you may need to take the $ 200 week-end seminar to understand the $ 40 software . Bottom line ... If you want to convert old records and tapes to digital and make your old stuff sound almost new . . , Spin It Again will do the digital conversion all right , but it will not remove scratches , pops , noise etc. , without removing some , or a lot , of the music as well . Acoustica may have corrected their shortcomings in version 2.1 . . , but not likely !
 The software was easy to set up and use . The quality of the digital copy is not good enough to save the songs on my Ipod .
 I was looking forward to using this after all the positive reviews . I spent the better part of an afternoon setting up my new ART V2 USB Phono Plus and then downloaded Spin It Again . Everything went fine until the end.I placed my first album on the turntable , ran the level wizard , and started recording . While the album was recording I spent about 15 minutes entering in all the details for each track of the album.After Thirty some odd minutes the album was done and I clicked on ` stop ' . I was taken to the adjust track separation page and discovered that it was way off and had created several extra tracks . I spent another 15 minutes correcting all the tracks -LRB- which was n't that difficult -RRB- . Finally I got to the end and clicked in one of the ` extra ' tracks that did n't exist.Boom!The little Microsoft Vista ` App Of Death ' box pops up that says that Spin it Again has stopped working and would I like Windows to find a solution . I clicked OK and of course the whole program disappeared along with all the data , songs , and the whole enchilada.I 've got three free recordings left of the trial ... and I suppose I 'll try them.But I am * so * frustrated . This is obviously a buggy program -LRB- none of my other programs crash like this except Firefox . -RRB- But Firefox is elegant enough to save all my tabs so I do n't lose anything.Bad Acoustica !
 I bought this software for the sole purpose of ripping , and was sadly disappointed . I admit I 'm not the smartest man I know , but I could have sworn I did n't see anything on the product specification page , stating that this product is nothing more than a demo . So , to get to the point if you buy this program you will only get twenty rips then it will lock up till you buy the full version . Buy the full version ? Is n't that what I have . So , I wasted my time trying to figure what the hell was going on with this software . I do n't know why in the hell amazon would SELL a demo . I can understand them distributing them free , but selling them . Shame on You Amazon , Shame on YOU !
 I would probably not purchase a again . Overall looks are great but quality and duribility are not there !! Not bad for the price !
 Initially , I was impressed with the overall sound quality of this turntable . But then , the more I listened to it , the more I noticed the wow & flutter on most of my records -LRB- a slightly `` draggy '' sound quality - most notable on piano or acoustic music -RRB- . My ear is quite critical of variations in speed and I could n't listen to my records on this player without hearing it . However , most casual listeners may not notice this and , for them , this turntable might be a pretty good bargain . Keep in mind , though , that this is designed for DJ use and has the short , straight tonearm which is great for scratching - not so great for audiophile ears . For critical listening , turntables with an S-shaped tonearm are highly recommended . Bottom line , I returned my T-50X and will most likely get the Audio Technica AT-PL120 .
 Actually I did not mean to order this product . I tried over and over again to find a way to cancel my order but every time I tried it would say that I had no orders placed . I could not find a phone number or even an email address for customer service . I was extremely frustrated . I even contacted the business/seller to tell them I did not want to place the order but of course received no response . I am going to return the product and not order through this website again.Jennifer Miller
 terrible I bought one of these straps and every time while i was stading the back would slip out and my guitar would hit the floor . its happened with my friends guitar once and mine 3 time so i threw it away terrible absolutely terrible
 This pickup was not what I expected . I ordered it as the first acoustic pickup I 've ever owned . I received it and it worked for maybe 5 minutes . The output from the pickup was fairly quiet and I had to turn my amp up to some of the highest settings . The pickup stopped working after 5 minutes of use and to say the least I 'm not a big fan of the solderless jack . I returned the product and got my money back . Granted , my experience may just be isolated , but for the money there has to be better options available .
 The chord is damaged . When I plug it into the amp it cuts in and out . Definite faulty chord . Not impressed with sound overall as well . I will be returning .
 I have a Takamine Acoustic Guitar and the Markley PU would not fit into the sound hole even withn the suggested fitting modifications . Hence PU is of no use to me . This is false advertizing and I should get my money back .
 Picked this up at a local shop for a gig the next day . I did n't have huge expectations for the thing , single coil in the hole pick-up , what do you want ? I have a Martin DX series , and the pickup did n't sit in the hole well at all . I could sort of wedge it back towards the bridge and it would stay , but if it was in the middle of the sound hole it was completely loose . Plugged it in and immediatly had to crank up my amp , which was hissing and buzzing . I unplugged the thing , and swapped it out for another guitar to confirm it was the pickup and not the cord . It was the pick up . No volume control is lame BTW . You need to be able to turn it down or off IMO . I borrowed a guitar and returned it.The sound is not terrible , it delivers OK tone . You could put one in for open mic night and get away with it . You could n't record with it , and you sure would n't want to get loud with it . If you have the inclination , get a saddle pick up . It 's worth the added cost .
 I got this guitar on sale for about $ 80.00 ... I just received it and was n't impressed . I was n't expecting the best guitar in the world , but I was pretty dissapointed when I opened it up . I was to give it as a Christmas gift , and frankly , I would have been ashamed to do so.Some of the edges of the guitar were rough ... it was awkward to hold and play as well . The body is large and wide , with a short , wide neck . I have small hands , as does the person I would have given it to , making it very difficult to play . The strings appeared to be very cheap , almost like plastic . The pick guards came as seperate pieces that had to be place on like stickers !!! I 'm attempting to send this back immediately . For an extra $ 25.00 I can go to Target and pick up a better made guitar ... I 'm not likely to order from A.B. ever again .
 I was extremely disappointed with this guitar . I returned it within a week of purchase.I was n't expecting anything great at the price , but it did n't come anywhere near to living up to any expectations . The list price was given as $ 249 , but I think Austin Bazaar is pushing the list price . I 've seen the same guitar for sale as cheap as $ 49 with the list price just over $ 100 . At $ 69 , it 's a sub-quality guitar for the cost and you can do better for the price . The pickguards were cheap stickers.The original strings were poor quality and came in rusty . The first thing I did was put on some good strings , but it did n't help.The neck was warp , the fingerboard rough . The tuning machines were extremely low quality and the guitar would not hold a tune . The acoustic sound quality was poor and the electric quality was n't much better.Several frets buzzed and the action was set way too high , making it even harder to play . Intonation was off across the board with no way to adjust it . The neck was too wide for easy play.The saddle set at an angle in the bridge and barely stayed in place . Both the saddle and nut were scored and look as if the guitar might be used.The finish was poor quality . There were rough blemishes in the finish and chips in the corners.At the price , someone might consider this as a beginner 's guitar . Buying this for a beginner would be a huge mistake . It would be more likely to frustrate someone trying to learn and make them less likely to take up the instrument . If you bought it for someone who already plays and is looking for an inexpensive electric/acoustic , they would be very disappointed .
 poor sound for a 300 watt ... I will keep them for now I will give them away to my anyone who care to have them .
 I do n't like this guitar . This is very hard to tune and the strings are of low quality . Overall the sound is poor and the guitar is not enjoyable . I really do not recommend this product for everyone .
 I am not a guitar player but I have a son who is interested in learning to play . I ordered this and when I got it , it would not stay in tune . I had some friends who play a lot look at it and they could not figure it out . I took it to the local guitar shop and the guy took a look and said that the frets were `` all screwed up . `` I shipped it back -LRB- of course , I had to pay $ 30 to ship it -RRB- but they have been really slow to respond to let me know when I will be receiving a refund.I 'd go to your local guitar shop instead of buying one online - lesson learned .
 I have 6 of these . 3 I got from traderjon online , thru ebay , and the other 3 from another ebay seller . They average right @ $ 10.00 each.For 28.00 and some odd cents , you should be getting 3 . Dont get me wrong ... they are great and the safety clip on front saves epi 's and gibsons from being beheaded ... but know what you are buying . RESEARCH first !!!!
 I purchased this piano last December . After two months the sustain pedal stopped working . Casio tech support told me that I had to pay out of pocket to ship the keyboard to California -LRB- I live on the East Coast -RRB- for repair . The repair `` may '' be covered by warranty but the shipping I have to pay out of pocket . I ended up repairing the keyboard locally due to cost of shipping . The customer service folks were completely unhelpful and unsupportive of their faulty product . I will never buy Casio again.Casio CDP 100 Digital Piano
 While the price for this ultra light drew me it , it flunked my first test . I played it with power off , just to get a better sense of the action . While the weighted keys gave it a more authentic feel than most electronic keyboards , the action was very loud . Even with a soft touch the keys rebounded with a clatter . While this might be buried in the music of louder playing , it is very distracting for softer pieces . Real piano keys do n't make noise on rebound . I did n't buy the Casio .
 The guitar I ordered was not the guitar that showed up.When I asked about that detail I was told there were two guitars and the one that was sent to me was the better looking of the two according to the person I bought it from , which was not my opinion . The one that I was sent arrived broken . It was in a hard shell case and it was packed both in side the case and out and the box showed no signs at all of any damages but the 3 way toggle switch was broken so badly that the pick-ups would not work at all . The guitar was cheaply made and was not what it should have been since the price was lower than the other sellers I thought I was getting a good deal . What I got was a big mess . The guitar had the worst set up and I was told they had set it up and it was supposed to be ready to play . That was a fabrication since the guitar was not playable . You could not play it had the pick-up worked . The strings were miss matched and it was not set up in good intonation at all . This guitar was a bad disappointment.I believe you should get what you order and not a bate and switch . I order on Amazon.com a lot and this is the first time I have had to deal with a situation like this . There are other guitars here at Amazon.com that are far better quality and cost less . I would suggest looking at the Michael Kelly guitars . They are very well made guitars that come from Korea but they are far better than any Epi I have ever played . I purchased the Patriot Glory Michael Kelly guitar and it has very good pups and they are coil tap so you are able to get 6 different sounds . I put the kind of strings I like -LRB- 10 's D Addario 's -RRB- . I then set the intonation and the action and I tweaked the neck to what I like and this thing plays like butter . Do your self a favor and check out Amazon.com for the Michael Kelly guitars . You will save time and money . Watch out for the bate and switch . If it is too good to be true chances are it is . I did get the strobe tuner and my strings and a lot of other things here on Amazon.com . Get as much as you can right from them and not the third party buys . That seems to be where it gets tricky . There are some great ones out there but really check into them before going off the deep end . I had to get all my money back from this purchase and I then went another way and ended up getting the Michael Kelly guitar and I love the Michael Kelly guitar and I am happy with the way it all turned out .
 I do not think that this is a `` NEW '' guitar.But i got it at a good price.So it makes everything kinda okay .
 EDIT
 The photo shows a mic and mount . That 's misleading . If what 's being sold is only the mount then you need to show a picture of the mount only . I read the description as `` Audio Technica Unimount Microphone -- Instrument Mount '' which I assumed meant `` Instrument-mounted Microphone . ''
 Just save your money and buy a Ephiphone Les Paul Standard or buy a Gibson ... I have a Gibson Les Paul Standard and this guitar ... True it plays the same as the Standard but sounds no where near as good ... tone is flat ... sustain is bad ...
 good guitar but when it got it the guitar did n't have the E-string attached , it was no big deal i had it replaced at a local guitar shop for 80 cents but do n't buy it from this site go somewhere else or buy it at a store . i highly recommend this guitar but buy it elsewhere .
 Yeah I totally agree with the other reviewer saying that this guitar felt cheap . I got mine today and yeah it looks and feels really cheap . Right out of the box the switch was broken , just fell off . I do n't understand why companies do this , it ruins brand image , I do n't think I will be an Epiphone customer again . Returned same day .
 Went to local place to check out hands-on . I was not impressed at all . The thing just felt cheap . I could not imagine playing it for long . It was not fun to hold and parts looked cheesy . Other than body shape , it was nearly identical to the Epiphone SG-Special Electric Guitar sold at the same price.I am surprised the Les Paul name was allowed to be used on this .
 This guitar does n't hold its tune due to neck/body issues.It 's also not capable of making a decent sound . You will spend $ 200 - $ 300 upgrading the pickups , tuning heads , and even the bridge . The Tune-o-Matic here is too narrow to set intonation properly , and a new one is $ 100 . I had before rated this much better , but at this point I 've realized that this guitar is mostly a joke and you 're better off dropping $ 300 for an Epiphone Les Paul Studio or $ 600 for a Paul Reed Smith SE Singlecut . If you 've got it , the Paul Reed Smith is worth it in terms of build quality and playability -LRB- the neck feels better , hand slides easier , etc -RRB- ; but the Les Paul Studio is n't bad.The difference between an Epiphone Les Paul Studio and an Epiphone Special II is simple
 This is the first bad review I 've written on anything I 've bought on line in 15 years , but I feel obligated to point out that this guitar is beyond poor quality , it is so beyond poor quality it is practically unplayable.Epiphone LP Special II Les Paul Electric Guitar , EbonyI was very much looking forward to getting this guitar -- the name alone holds a lot of weight `` Les Paul '' . When it arrived I was excited to play it , so I hooked it to my amp and started to tune it , and I must admit it was sounding good . I noticed on the bottom -LRB- high e -RRB- string though , I was just getting garbled sound from the sixth fret down , and something was just off with the sound . The string above it was off too . I finally gave up and requested a replacement , I had already tossed the box -LRB- big mistake -RRB- , totally expecting no problem with the replacement planning to ship the replacement back in the new box . But , you guessed it , the replacement was bad too , with a similar problem.This time just to make sure I was n't missing something , I took it to a guitar store and asked them to setup the guitar for me . I had n't told the guy anything about the problem I was having , but he immediately noticed several problems with the neck , fretboard and frets . He said they could more than likely fix it , but it would n't be worth it since the fix would cost almost what I paid for the guitar.Now I 'm stuck having to find a box to ship the second guitar back in , and I have no guitar.I do n't like to skimp on quality , since you end up paying more in the end when you settle for low quality stuff . I violated my own personal rule in this case , and got bit . This guitar was a rip off and a big waste of my time.I will get a guitar , and a good one , but I will look for ones with more than 11 favorable reviews , or go to a music store and play it first before purchasing , and know that if it looks too good to be true , it probably is .
 Good looking Guitar , but was totally not setup . It was a gift to my friend and he had to spend an additional $ 100 to setup the whole guitar up . The neck had to be raised and a whole setup had to be done . Please dont ship Guitars without the very obvious setup . Its a Guitar , it better sound good when it comes out of the store and it definitely did n't ! Very disappointed you guys .
 I was on a trip when this arrived , after 3 weeks of having it , i finally decided to tune it . When i was trying to tune the 6th cord , the NUT broke !!!!! , now i know why these guitars where so cheap ! i 'm very very dissapointed . I could n't even return it since it passed almost 4 weeks . ---------- Estaba de viaje cuando llego , despues de 3 semanas de tenerla guardada , por fin me decid&iacute; a afinarla . Cuando estaba afinando la sexta cuerda , el hueso se rompio ! , no pod&iacute;a creerlo , ahora se por que estaban tan tan baratas . Estoy muy decepcionado de este producto . Ni siquiera pude regresarla pues ya hab&iacute;an pasado casi 4 semanas .
 I 'm a newbie and I bought it to learn , but I could immediately tell that the rough finish and soft spots on the heads was not good . Well the hide pop a hole two moths later -LRB- on that soft spot -RRB- . The tuning screws did not seem to match the nuts shipped and to make it worse , the metal used is quite soft . Bottom line , if you plan to tune them you would easily damage the screws and nuts.I tried buying the new parts to get them to a good condition , but it was more expensive than buying a new set of decent bongo.Disappointing !
 I was very disappointed with this instrument I bought for my 4 year old . He has a set he uses at preschool that he likes very much , but the Rhythm Band product makes a huge mess ! I did n't even give it to my son , just returning it - it rubs sand pieces off and makes a huge mess . I could n't believe it - what kind of a toy/instrument is that ? I have seen several other sets from different companies at schools or friends , but none of them makes the mess this one does .
 Never received the other cork greases I ordered and no one will respond back to me . I would have liked to know they wanted my money and not send any products . I will not be ordering from this company again .
 Although the price was very low , unfortunately , the quality was also . Having been a woodwind repairman and professional-level brass player for many years , I am familiar with what key oil and valve oil viscosity -LRB- for lack of a better word -RRB- should be . It is poosble that the bottle was mis-labled or there was a mixup in the manufacturing process . Anyhow ... it is too thin for woodwind key oil . Afraid to try it on my valves . Do n't want to get them gummed up . I recommend not buying this product .
 I was hopeful to have somewhat usable sound out of this but it just does n't work at all . I also tried performing the `` fix '' mentioned by another reviewer but it did nothing . You can only hear very loud fuzz and the most quiet audio . I 'm not sure why this product was made or is being sold . It seems so defective .
 Astatic has a series of podium microphone mute switches in the 40-11x range . Based on the descriptions that I was seeing on most people 's website , I thought I was buying a base that I could toggle back and forth between muted and not . It appeared that it had a `` programmable '' LED light that would show me when I was on mute or not.Unfortunately , I bought the wrong one , which only had a momentary-contact switch in it , meaning that it would only mute OR talk -LRB- that 's the `` programmable '' part -RRB- WHEN the button was actually being held down . My 40-116 did n't have an LED light in it at all.I knew that the vendor that I purchased mine from stated up front that this was a drop-ship item that could not be returned -LRB- and after getting a hold of them around their squirly weekend hours , they confirmed that -RRB- . I tried for days to contact Astatic directly , and FINALLY go a hold of a warm body today , only to be told that they wo n't support it , and I 'd have to buy a new one.So I am , I 'm buying an Audio-Technica ... If you buy the Astatic , make sure you know EXACTLY what you 're buying .
 ... then this is the item for you.I had the notion that this item might solve my Stratocaster Single Coil Hum problems . Technically , that 's a correct statement . The hum is reduced and barely noticeable on `` Normal '' and pretty much gone on `` Strong . '' In either case , you pay a terrible - and in my opinion , unacceptable - price for this
 I wish I could report that this guy solved all of my ails with 60 cycle AC hum , but unfortunately it does , and it does not.When engaged , it definitely kills the hum , but there are still a few transients that get past what it gates out . It turns loud AC hum into a light sparkle , for lack of a better way to put it.That I could deal with , but what I can live with is the fact that it is NOT transparent in the signal chain . There 's a definite loss of boost when engaged , and on top of that -LRB- and the most unfortunate -RRB- is when the gate closes there is a very harsh , electrical sound as the pedal engages . To describe it better - if you 're playing something using a high gain amplifier , and you have a rhythm section that has a stop in it -LRB- where the guitar volume is still up , but you mute the strings -RRB- there 's a definite sound as the pedal plays catch-up between the -LRB- `` good '' -RRB- noise generated by the guitar preamp and the pedal trying to lop off the `` bad '' noise . As another reviewer said , it definitely sounds similar to a cheap reverb.If you 're just jamming with friends and want to kill the AC noise when you 're not playing , this will do the job . But unfortunately , anything you record using one of these inline is going to take a lot of editing to get it 's noise out of the track - you 're better off just filtering the AC hum instead .
 I regret ever buying this collection of loops . I was so excited when I first seen this product , thinking I can finally have steel and lap steel guitar in my songs . Wrong , these loops are about impossible to use in songs . They are very bland licks and they are very limited . There are not very many loops to choose from and they are not tempo friendly if you are trying to adjust them . The guitar licks do not sound country at all and the bass is very weak . Do not waste your money on this product .
 There are definitely some samples I can use on this set , but my biggest complaint is that the files are not acidized . Because of this , I had to do a lot of chopping up and time stretching of the loops included . I 'm glad I bought this on Amazon , however , because I really do n't feel that the loops are worth the retail price of $ 50 . You can find free legal -LRB- and sometimes acidized -RRB- loops all over the internet . Some of those would be worth more if a price tag was attached to them .
 This thing is cheap . I was hoping for a good quality in a small guitar for kids . All strings had to be changed , and then the tuners were not holding the new strings tight enough , the tuners were just spinning . Almost every guitar I broke is not right in some way -LRB- I gave 6 for Christmas -RRB- It does n't hold a tune at all . Real bummer of a purchase .
 Please , as a professional educator and musician , stay away from these instruments . Yes , they look cool , but their quality is generally * extremely * poor . They break easily and often slip in pitch . Most of all , the sound quality is n't good at all compared to almost all other student models .
 Based on other reviews , I honestly think buying this is luck of the draw so be weary of it.I got mine and it was n't playable on delivery . The string broke , the tuning knobs would not hold the strings tight at all rending the violin useless , one knob even broke out of place and would n't stay in without being glued , the lower end silver tuning -LRB- dunno what its called since im new -RRB- one of those broke . The others held tight at the bottom , but that was the only thing working correctly . The strings also wouldnt stay in the groove , so the top one kept slipping off etc. . . Putting on the bridge was nearly impossible since the strings would n't stay tight . When we did finally get it , the string snapped and the bridge popped loose again . Kinda annoying.I got this violin because I want to learn and just needed something cheap to get going . However I could n't even play it . My GF plays violin and has been for years now , once she saw it and tried helping me put it together I could see it in her eyes to just send it back and go get a decent one at a local music store . Its the first item I returned . If it was just the string or something like that I would of kept it , but the thing was unplayable from me and hardly playable at all for my GF . Not a good learning tool.You do get what you pay for even if it does happen to work , its all plastic and the paint is n't finished or anything . However Like I stated at the beginning I feel this is just an occurance and buying this violin is luck of the draw . Either you will get a decent one , or one that is n't quality.On the bright side . The case it came in was rather nice . Their customer service seems friendly , I contacted them about my issues and they offered to ship out replacement parts . So If i was in the know how i probably would of been able to fix it with that , but im not so I just sent it back . Its processing and we will see if returning is just as nice or not . So even though it arrived broken , i am still forced to pay the shipping fee ... As for shipping it was slow , but being I ordered after Christmas and before the New Year it was understandable . Overall Not so happy that I could n't play it , but hey its worth a shot if you are willing to risk it . I highly suggest spending the few extra bucks to get a `` real '' violin though .
 The first time my son tried to use it , it came apart and will be too expensive to fix . I had bought it early as a gift and so the defect was noticed too late for returning . Also , it was the wrong size .
 I have received the Barcelona Student 1/2 size violin I purchased from Austin Bazaar . I have tried to contact Austin Bazaar on the phone twice and left 2 messages . They did n't contact me back . I emailed Austin Bazaar and they replied with 3 links of their policy OF 30 DAY RETURN IF THE ITEM IS DEFECTIVE AND SETUP INSTRUCTIONS . I followed the 3 links they sent me to setup the violin AGAIN and had no sound . I tuned the strings with the Korg Chromatic Tuner TM-40 I bought from Amazon and matched the tunes of G , D , A & E. But , it does n't have any sound when I pulled the bows . It came with 2 bows and both do n't work . Austin Bazaar ignored my voice messages and emails by refusing to call me back and reply back with the Return Authorization Number . BUYERS , BEWARE OF THIS SHADY SELLER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I am a band director and wanted to warn you against buying this product . It may play well at first , but almost all of these instruments do not make it through a year without a problem . Most music stores will not repair them as they do not have the parts . You are way better off buying a used instrument from a time-tested brand .
 I so hated to return this . The Barcelona held out such promise based upon reviews , and I was swayed to it by the negative reviews of the other low-end competitor . My grandson played warm notes on a rented Selmar . That motivated me to buy him a clarinet outright . He could only get AWFUL squeaks out the Barcelona . He really tried . Based on the reviews , I had him use his own reeds as a test . Also took it to the instructor who confirmed it was assembled fine . The clarinet itself looks nice . Finally , had no choice but to return it . We rented a different Selmar -LRB- at a higher price , sigh -RRB- but at least now back to pleasant warm sounds that a clarinet is supposed to make . Maybe , we got the one bum unit in the lot .
 I bought this clarinet for myself to play for fun.When I got it instead of it being plastic it was wood.At first I thought it was cool but when I played it it sqeaked on every note.I could n't get anything from middle E or lower , middle C to F , and all the notes inbetween were sharp.I 've had mine for 2 months and I already have to get it fixed.The pads are falling off and one of the keys are jamed.I rented a differnt clarinet for 2 years and I have never had a pad fall off.This one was brand new and the pads fell off easily.Also the zippers on the case must of been cheap because I pulled one of them open and the zipper broke off.I was not happy at all and I wish that someone had told me about it before I bought it .
 This clarinet does a lot of squeaking . My daughter uses it for junior band and she does a lot of squeaking . I do not recommend purchasing this clarinet .
 I ordered this for my eleven year old daughter because she is starting 6th grade and the school only provides loaner instruments to the lower grades . It came quickly , but what came was a Simba brand model CL-200 Clarinet . I admit that my daughter knows more about these things than I do becuse she has been taking clarinet for two years in school , but it looks to be a pretty cheaply made piece of plastic . Little more than a toy . My daughter says it is certainly useable , but not near the quality the school provided to her in 4th and 5th grade.I do n't know what planet this thing would be worth what the ad claims to be the list price , the Amazon price -LRB- about 40 % of list -RRB- is more reasonable.In the end ; I guess you get what you pay for .
 I will never buy anything that comes from austin bizaar again ! It is a defect , the strap broke the first time she tried to play it , itcame down on her arm and hurt it.It did not have the cable for the amp.They said to let them know and they would send it.That was a lie.I was in a car accident and that was all the money I had for christmas.I can not afford to send it back ! I just learned never to buy from them again . Also the guitar was not packaged good at all . I ordered 3 guitars pink , blue , and black.they where all suppose to austin bizaars.When the black and blue came they where a different kind then austin bazaar they where Glen Burton guitars wich are way better then austin bizaars.Out of the 3 amps they sent 2 of them have a hum.I learned a valuable lesson and I hope this will help other people as well.Good Luck and becareful who you buy from!Angela
 simply put , the baton is n't what was pictured , its cheap as heck , DO N'T BUY IT , at least buy something 10dollars and up ! this thing looked like a little TOY ... DO NOT BUY !
 It would be nice if I had received the baton I ordered , but they sent a different one and then want to charge me for mailing it back to them . I would not buy from them again .
 Does not work for ukuleles , for more than say that can be adapted as a review that I saw on youtube , no way ! Does not work for ukuleles ! Luckily I have an acoustic guitar and I use this product .
 Its cheap and it works as expected ... not well . Volume is horrible on it unless the mic is right next to the lips . YOu are better off using the mic on your camera .
 Turns out this is n't really what I wanted but what I wanted cotst like $ 400 so this will do !
 I was so pumped to get this , but when I got it home , it turns out that they have had some sort of a corporate breakup with the ONLY company that makes the software that runs it.So you receive the scratch amp and `` Traktor 2 '' in the box , but you will soon find that it is NOT compatible with Intel Macs . SO guess what ! You ca n't use it . Native Instruments wo n't help you either , you are out of luck.Stanton claims that they have made it `` Open Source '' and someone will soon step up with new software ... it 's been a few years now ... NOTHING.You 'll never get it to work . Stanton should be ashamed of themselves for basically tricking consumers in to buying up their dead backstock of this useless product.It 's already dead on MAC . It will never be updated for WINDOWS . AVOID THIS AT ALL COSTS .
 I was totally disappointed in the dvd . It is really for more advanced musicians ... but then they probably already know this stuff . Good material but not much explanation ! Some of the examples that were given , were out of frame when he was demonstrating them ... Seemed more interested in showing what he could do rather that teaching it .
 Horribly Noisy Hissy LARGE lapel mic . Maybe we got a bum one , but this thing blows . I have $ 10 lapel mics that are lower noise and higher output . BUMMER . Love Shure and usually love the SM series -LRB- why I bought it -RRB- but not in this case .
 This is a poor example of a protective case . I am only going to use it for transporting my bass in the car and then being VERY careful handling it . It gives very little if any real protection for an instrument . If you have an expensive bass , buy a different case , preferably a hardshell case and you wo n't have to worry like you would if you purchased this one . Trust me , I have LOTS of guitars and would NEVER EVER purchase another case like this one .
 Honestly these speakers have a horrible low end responses . I know you cant ask too much from a 4 inch woofer but the low end you do get sounds grusome . I actually sent these back i was so disapointed . In all reality you 'll get better sound from some altec lansing $ 30 speakers from wal-mart . sad . Definatly shouldnt be used for pro audio like there advertised .
 They sound great . Truly for the music enthusiast . However , my pair shorted out for no apparent reason after only 6 months of sparse use . I 've sent them in for repair -LRB- I had to cover the shipping -RRB- . M-Audio returned them , but they shorted out again less then a month after the repair . Either I 've got a bad copy , or the circuitry is of the lowest grade .
 I brought a NEW Crystalcello CV300 4/4 Size Lightwightt Oblong Violin Case and when my package arrived , the condition of the case was awful ! I was expecting a new violin case but when I got it definitely looked used and the previous owner did n't take care of it . I read the first review by E. Collier who said `` This really is a nice violin case for the price . '' He was flat-out wrong . Even if this case was cheap , it NOT WORTH IT ! You can definitely find a better case from another seller . When I got my case , the outside of the black case had brown blemishes -LRB- my first clue that his case was n't new -RRB- . I was horrified when I first opened my `` new '' case , the plush lining not only was of low quality , but had multiple scratches and there were parts where it looked as if someone had dabbed glue on the plush lining . Not only that , but the screws inside the case near the bow holder were all rusted -LRB- NEW cases should n't have rusted screws -RRB- . The first recommendation was misleading but it is true that you should n't use this case for your inexpensive violins . But then again , you can do much better than buy this case even if it was cheap . Last time I buy anything from this seller .
 Expected the type of case that I have been using and seen for years . Very unheavy duty gauge plastic and very poor rear access design as any device in the very top or bottom position has no accessibility to the back panel as there is a big flange in the way . Had to perform surgery on this thing 10 minute after I bought it so I could use it and still had to give up space so the devices would fit and be easily accessible . Way over priced for this . Go elsewhere for a better box .
 This rack is really poorly made and poorly designed . First , the finishing is not very good . Some racks I saw in the store had small holes in them where the plastic did n't fill in during molding . They all have rough edges and generally do not look that great up close . Admittedly , a rack 's job is to take abuse , and it 'll get scuffed up and rough looking even if it 's perfect new . But that does n't mean it should n't be perfect new.But that 's just cosmetic . Functionally and design wise , it 's a disaster . There is a lip around the rack opening on each side , and a groove in the lid . All well and good , should provide some minor protection against water and dirt getting in -LRB- there 's no O-ring though -RRB- . The problem is that the inner wall of the groove in the lid comes in too far . It overlaps the rack gear . If the rack gear has a thicker faceplate , such as the Line 6 Relay G90 wireless receiver , the lid does not fit on . Or , if you like to put washers between the rack rail and the gear to protect both sides , any gear is now too thick . Now , if the gear has a thin enough faceplate and you do n't want to use inner washers , you might not notice it , and maybe you 're OK with it . HOWEVER , even then , the lid is rubbing up against the face of your rack ears . You can tell because the latches are harder to close with gear in than when it 's empty . There should be no difference if it is n't pressing up against the gear . You could carve out the lid , but you should n't need to.The rack is at a fabulous price , and I 'd overlook the cosmetic flaws for that . And if you have the right gear and do n't mind the lid rubbing up against the edges of your gear , maybe it 's fine . But for a lot of gear , it 's simply a flawed design that does not qualify as a functioning rack case .
 I looked carefully at three similarly-priced items from different manufacturers before choosing the Stanton 500 V3 . All items had received comparable reviews . I was disappointed when the cartridge I received looked considerably different than the one in the photo . In the photo , the word `` Stanton '' is painted directly on the cartridge . On my cartridge , the word `` Stanton '' is a rectangular sticker , and it is slightly crooked , making the item appear -- to my eyes at least -- cheaply constructed.Perhaps I am too picky and put too much emphasis on appearance ; but if appearance is not important , why did n't Stanton show me an accurate picture of the item I was buying ? Because if they had , I would have bought a Shure or an Audio-Technica cartridge instead , that 's why.Thus far the item 's performance seems fine ; I 've only had it for one day . But still I 'm disappointed , because I 'm fifty bucks poorer and my Stanton 500 V3 looks like a cheap piece of junk . I wish it looked like the one in the photo .
 I ordered this assuming it was new , and would come with CD keys to use for installation . No such CD keys were included , so I ca n't even install it on my computer.Not cool .
 This worked fine for a short while and then the G3 section just wo n't work anymore . It does n't make any sound at all . I 'll have to buy another one but made by a different company .
 Quick delivery but you get what you pay for.This was a cheap pitch pipe and the the tones are not accurate , should have spent a couple more dollars for a good one , but this does get the tuning close .
 This is the second failed pitch pipe of the same brand and type I ordered from Musical Instrument Haven Storefront -LRB- at Amazon.com -RRB- . A person named Susan sent me an email stating that the first one would be replaced free of cost and that I did not have to return it . I am pleased with the action of Susan . My suggestion is to not buy this brand .
 A photo of the nylon bag that the `` Foot Pedal Percussion Mounting bracket '' apparently comes in , is not much of a barometer as to it 's construction or appearance.Is this a `` mystery box '' sort of sale ? Something like `` what 's behind Door # 3 ? ''
 This is the best software I could ever imagine for children 7 to 10 years old . Lets them take `` loops '' and `` samples '' and paint them onto the screen where they want on a time line . When they press play a vertical line starts a time index 0 and moves across the screen . When it touches the loop that is painted on the screen it plays the sound . Many more than one sound can play at a time . Loops and be placed back to back to keep a steady sound going . Drums , strings , horns , voices and more are included.Sony tried to limit the piracy by a complicated registration process -LRB- windows registry file -RRB- on this program but this also makes the program not run on anything other than XP or Windows 98 . Too bad they had to take that route . There is no patch or fix for this issue and Sony has removed all help , updates and downloads to this product -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- . Users may want to try the similar and much more complicated -LRB- 12 years and up I would guess -RRB- Sony Acid Xpress or Sony Music StudioSony Acid Music Studio 8.0 . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I tried several times to get this to install on Vista and it did n't work . I even download an XP mode plug-in and installed it on that virtual OS , and it did n't work .
 this is the second time I 've bought this software and the second time it wont open on any of the computers I have -LRB- 3 of them -RRB- . I bought the sony version and gave it to my nephew and it worked fine .
 Wish I could use this program , but it does n't work with Vista , and Sony could n't help me ! The fix they recommended did n't help , and they had no other suggestions . Do n't buy it unless you have XP or earlier .
 I bought this product for my son after he was introduced to it through a school project . After installing it I was unable to register the product and therefore it would n't run . After hours of searching I found a registration update and was successful at registering it . But it would crash whenever it would launch . I contacted their technical support and have been waiting almost a month to hear from them ! It wo n't run on XP -LRB- although it 's supposed to -RRB- and technical support is non-existent . Save your money and the headaches .
 Very roughly made and very hard to use and adjust . You will rub blisters on your fingers with this thing . Spend the money and get a good capo .
 A frustrating , counter-intuitive , and unnecessarily difficult program . The people at this company are very knowledgeable about music ; they just need to hire a software designer and some support people . Here 's my first-hand example of what to expect : The first problem I hit was trying to add a pickup measure mid-score ; a simple thing ... or so I thought . The instructions were an overly involved work-around obviously engineered by a user and which did n't work . I contacted `` support '' , who offered , `` That 's exactly how I do it and it works fine for me . '' Period.I thanked this person for confirming that I had followed the instructions correctly , and asked if we could get to the matter of why it was n't working . I was asked to send the file . So I uploaded it and clicked `` submit '' ... ERROR ! I informed this person that their attachment tool was broken . Same response , `` Works fine for me . '' My , that was certainly some helpful info ... both times.It 's no secret that this software line is notoriously user-hostile ; take a glance at its user forums . But this program is n't just poorly designed ; it 's broken . `` Support '' confirmed this . And there were other things that did n't work . Also , the `` search '' feature of the `` manual '' is broken too . For example , the search term `` pickup '' yielded 0 -LRB- zero -RRB- results . This word even appears in some headings of the `` manual '' . In short , nearly everything is just difficult.Sorry , I gave this program and this company every chance ; they blew it . If you want notation software that really is user-friendly , I suggest spending 15-20 bucks and getting `` Melody Assistant '' by a company called Myriad . -LRB- I have no ties to this company ; I 'm just a delighted user . -RRB- It does everything imaginable , including singing vocal music via a synthesized voice , a great tool and something the Finale line can only dream of doing . Great documentation that yields tons of search results ... very helpful ones too . And even if you do n't like it , at least you 're not out $ 170 or so like I am after buying Allegro 2005 .
 I bought Deoxit thinking it was the best way to clean contacts of electronics like NES and SNES cartridges but I was really disappointed.After I clean NES games with Deoxit the carts will no longer work until I clean them once again by removing Deoxit with Isopropyl alcohol.I did an experiment to prove this ... I cleaned a NES cartridge by applying Deoxit with a cotton swab then wiping the contacts clean with a fresh swab . The result is a non working game.I then cleaned the contacts with Isopropyl alcohol and the game worked fine.I then reapplied Deoxit and the cart would not work once again . It became functioning once I cleaned the contacts yet again with Isopropyl alcohol.Conclusion - The Deoxit coats the contacts and prevents the NES from reading the carts . It must be removed for the game to work properly.However perhaps I bought the wrong version of Deoxit and I should have purchased the quick drying formula rather than the flushing action.I 'm unable to return this product as Amazon refuses to accept any items that are flammable or hazardous ergo I 'm stuck with a $ 13 can of `` Make NES Carts Not Work '' spray.I ca n't recommend this product for cleaning vintage games based on my experience . If you want to purchase Deoxit to clean NES game contacts then perhaps it would be best if you tried the quick drying formula rather than this which has flushing action .
 Tone-wise , Chromes ca n't hold a candle to Thomastik-Infeld Jazz Swing strings . I suppose that is somewhat forgivable since Chromes cost less than half what Thomstik-Infeld Jazz Swing string cost . However , what puts me completely off them , to the point that I 'd rather use GHS Precision flatwounds if I could n't find Thomastik-Infelds , is that they are very slippery under my fingers . I do n't get the same kind of tactile connection with the strings that I get with every other brand of flatwounds I 've every used .
 Purchased these for a new Heritage H-575 arch top . A few months later , the high E string unwound from the ball end . Overall good strings , good sound -- this set simply did n't last very long . I will replace with 12s however . For me the 11s felt a little loose . The 12s will likely improve the sound of the jazz box . I have 12s on an Epiphone Joe Pass model . I 'll be curious to hear how the 12s sound incomparison to the 11s .
 This is not feedback for the seller , per se , because I already left positive feedback to them because the shipping was incredible and the price is more than fair . However , if you 're looking to buy these PLEASE NOTE THAT THE TITLE AND THE PHOTO ARE NOT THE SAME THING , AND YOU WILL GET WHAT IS IN THE PHOTO , NOT THE TITLE . The title says the gauge is `` Regular Light '' but they are in fact just `` Light '' . I do n't know if the lister meant to say ` regular ' as in ` just plain ol' or something . . but that is kind of a stupid error to make , honestly . there is a big difference , and if you 're not an amateur guitarist , it is a HUGE difference . I wanted `` Regular Light Gauge '' strings , which D'Addario makes , but instead i got exactly what is in the picture ... `` Light '' gauge , which are a little clunkier . If you are n't a serious guitarist you might be smirking at this review , but if you are , you 'll know what i 'm talking about.PLEASE FIX THE LISTING
 Beware , I bought one of these exact -LRB- I mean EXACT , same dimensions , same exact baked on finish , same Casa Percussion head -RRB- drums from a local vendor of hand drums here in Florida . The one I have is made of steel . Magnets stick right to the body , which would not happen with copper . The head popped because the little rim of the synthetic drum head was badly oxidized , so I had to remove the head . While I was doing this , I started wondering why this `` copper drum '' had so much more of `` coffee can '' style ring to it than my little cheapy aluminum one . Tonight I decided to put a magnet to it to double check ... . Well , you know the result . I do n't blame any of this on my local vendor because he probably bought the drum using the same information posted here and figured to be truly made of copper . If you 're okay with steel and like the price , go for it , but if you want copper this is not the one for you .
 Do n't waste your money . I bought this for my niece and it broke the first week !!!
 Is there sucha thing as NO STARS ? I was told I could program my Ipod on my Windows ME Gateway computer using this disc ... packaging on disc box and case says same ... It has turned out to be a bust ... no can do ... money down the drain . Anyone want to buy it and try it ? ... It was a waste of money to me . No instructions , no phone support to get help WHILE trying to utelize it . . BUST . MY Ipod still is n't programmed . . , . another waste of money as it turns out . . to date . . purchased week before Christmas ...
 I have been buying software for computers for almost 20 years now , and this is one of the worst experiences I 've ever had with a software purchase . Despite the fancy `` iPod family '' packaging , there is no manual in the box . The support info on the CD is skeletal , as is the website . Upon calling Media4 customer support , the individual I talked with knew next to nothing about the XP operating system - even though the program is marketed to both Windows and Mac users . There is better freeware out there that actually does what , as far as I can tell , Xplay only says it does .
 We bought 3 of these and I agree with the other review that the strings are too high on all them , our bridge split in half on one , and another 's neck is detaching from the body ... We 've had them less than 6 weeks . No support after 30 days .
 Not sure what I was thinking buying this in the first place . Made in China , the guitar 's action from the neck is ABNORMALLY high . No matter how broken in the strings were , it quickly lost its tuning . All around piece of junk , I guess you get what you pay for . Do not buy .
 When this Autin Bazaar guitar was recieved , it was broke . I would not waste your money on this item . I contacted the company and we are at 4 weeks later and I still have not heard back from them .
 Delivery was promised for 1 to 2 days . The JVC XL-SV22BK Single-Tray Karaoke Player would of been great to use for my children if received .
 Not what i expected , I thought that you coud ring it like a bell . I would not purchase this product again if I had the choice .
 I was told that i will be getting a new set of bongo drums but it was not . I got something which somebody had used it before . this was clear evident with marks on the connection bridge . Also there are not stable at all and very much loose hard to play at times ... I would recommend anyone to spend few more $ $ -LRB- probably 10 or 15 extra -RRB- and buy something else . . Disappointed with the product I got.Thanks , Sam
 I 've been a bass player for almost 20 years , and for the last 6 , I 've been using the DR coated bass strings . The bass strings sound great and last a long time . However , I switched to mostly playing guitar about two years ago , and in that time , have generally used GHS strings as they were well regarded by Atomic Guitars , a local repair shop.Now that I 'm more comfortable on guitar , I thought I 'd give a few different brands a shot to see if there was anything I liked better than GHS . Of the ones that I tried , these DR strings were simply the worst . After carefully restringing -LRB- and paying attention to their warning of how to crimp the string if/when cutting -RRB- , I broke the `` A '' string within four hours of playing time over a couple of days . I restrung it with a single `` A '' from another set , and another couple of hours after that , the `` D '' string broke . Both strings broke close to the ball end , near the bridge , and this is on a guitar that has n't shown any issues with other brands of strings . With that , I said `` enough is enough '' and re-strung with a different brand.During the short amount of time that the strings were in use , I did n't notice anything remarkable about them that would make me put up with the poor longevity . Apparently I 'm not the only one that 's noticed the propensity for these strings to break ; I wonder why DR does n't address that ?
 Difficult to assemble . No instructions enclosed . Seat does not mate well with the shaft of the stand . Product was returned as it was not usable .
 On a whim , I bought a Stereo Pulsar and was extremely disappointed to plug it in . The sound is dark , ugly , and sounds like a blanket was thrown over the amp.At first I thought maybe it was just the amp/guitar , so I have tried it through 1966 blackface Vibrolux Reverb , 1954 Fender Pro , and 1994 Mesa/Boogie Mark IV combos , playing a 1954 Tele , a 1965 SG Jr. , and a new Johnny Marr Jaguar . None of my amps or single-coils could get it to brighten up to acceptable levels.I am shocked at how many good reviews this thing gets . I am looking for the first opportunity to trade it away on TGP .
 John is a good drummer who plays pretty hard music i play stuff a little softer than that . These do not last very long I practice about an hour a day and they broke in a month ! These pretty bad sticks there cheap ... they dont last long , i personally do n't like the wy there shaped -LRB- that may be just me becuz im pissed off i got ta go buy new sticks now -RRB- . Heres my suggestion go ahead and buy ahead drumsticks they are hard plastic if youre a drummer that does lots of stuff with the rims of your drums then ahead isnt for you but if dont use the rims buy these they dont break they only problem with ahead though is that the fact they can fall apart , and the tip can be screwed off.SUMMARYbuy ahead drumsticks or buy stronger wood sticks .
 This is a cheaply made cable , for too much money . When you get it , the MIDI IN/OUT jacks are glued together , wire to wire . This is all fine and dandy if you 're using it for one keyboard -LRB- which since it 's by Casio I guess the target audience would -RRB- , but my keyboard and synth rack are on opposite sides of my workspace . You can rip the glue apart to seperate them but it makes the cables feel very flimsy.Connecting the cable to the Joystick port on my sound card would have been a lot easier if the connector had thumbscrews . Instead , it has mini-flathead screws.The MIDI OUT jack seems very flimsy . Every so often I have to check on it to make sure it 's in all the way . This was quite frustrating as all my synths would be playing one minute , then nothing would be playing.Look for something better , or make it work .
 It does n't work with digital piano . When you play piano you need to hit the keys hard which causes the stand and the piano on top of it to shake a LOT , especially when you hit the keys near two ends of it . However , it works fine if you touch the keys VERY gently . So maybe it 's good for keyboard . I gave it one star because the description says `` Works with most Casio ... electric PIANOS '' . That is not true .
 We did n't receive and directions or hardware with this keyboard stand , therefore it was just a wast of money .
 I have been trying to assemble this stand for FOUR HOURS !!!!! I actually received all of the parts , but the instructions are terrible and the pieces just do n't fit the way they should
 A decent product for what you pay I guess , but it looks sturdier than it is , especially considering it 's a double `` X '' stand . Product bent after putting a DJ coffin on it , would have expected it to be a bit sturdier . Also , it 's hard to get it to sit flat , and the adjustment bar requires a wrench to make any changes , there are other models that are a lot easier to use . If you 're using a light weight keyboard and just need something cheap to get you by , this should work pretty well , but if you require a bit more performance take my advice and spend a little more money and get something that 's going to last , work well and be easy to use .
 On Christmas Eve , I opened the keyboard stand which was to be a special Santa present -LRB- with a keyboard -RRB- for my autistic son and NO HARDWARE was included . We 've tried to contact Casio and they do n't respond . Now I see that other people have had the same problem . What 's up with Casio ?
 Missing all screws . I know this product is good , but the hassle of getting it all together is the problem . No screws means it is not good . I hope it will all be resolved by the manufacturer or Amazon .
 As with others the stand arrived ready to fall out of the box . If it had contained all the hardware needed it would have been a sturdy stand . I checked all possible hiding places for the missing screws and could not find them . Good luck if you purchase this .
 The original keyboard stand was missing a piece and had to be replaced . The directions for assembly are visual , with very few written directions . If you ca n't follow a fuzzy picture , then you wo n't be able to assemble this stand .
 The Good
 Why did I think my order would be different ? The package arrived with both ends having been retaped , that was my first clue . I opened the package and 2 major pieces were missing and there were no bolts . It was missing all the hardware except the allen wrench . A complete waste of time and effort . Do not order this stand .
 Mine showed up in the same condition - ripped on both ends and pieces missing . Maybe the same one is just making the rounds ? UPS is supposed to pick up tomorrow . Be on the lookout !
 One of the screw treads came out of the box stripped and now the stand wobbles , i hope my key board does not fall .
 I had more faith in Amazon than I should have ! After reading the bad reviews I still ordered the stand . I got it today WITHOUT ANY SCREWS or plastic grippers . I do n't even know what those are !! Now I 'm just waiting for Amazon to get back to me email to tell me to send it back . What a drag ! I would advise against this product .
 I just received this item and it 's missing not only the screws , but also one of the bars is missing , and there is no instruction book or anything listing what should be in the box . After reading several of the other reviews , I will return this item and get my money back.I would not recommend this item ... not a very good track record . Save yourself the hassle and go by a decent stand at Best Buy .
 The box arrived in good condition except 2 screws were missing so the stand is not too sturdy right now . after reading through all these previous reviews I do n't think I would even waste my time try to contact the Casio service department .
 This product is only approved for CASIO keyboards . and only like three of those . Wish I would have known before hand !
 They sent me a stand with missing parts and no manual . They then refused to respond to my e-mail addressing the matter .
 The stand is not sturdy and moves to the extent that it interferes with playing the music . The wooden stand would probably be a better bet .
 I thought I 'd be luckier than most of the previous reviewers , but no ; when my Deluxe Keyboard Stand was delivered , it was missing eight screws and eight grippers , thus making it impossible to assemble . I had to repack it and return it to Amazon . What a waste of time . I also noticed that it is designed so that , when seated , your knees hit the stand legs , making it almost impossible to use -LRB- should you ever get all the parts -RRB- . I have since bought a very strong , properly-designed stand by Kaman in a local store -LRB- already assembled -RRB- . I suggest Amazon stop selling this Casio stand , as all the necessary parts often are not included.Kona
 Our box also arrived taped up , with no external protective packaging . One of the 8 screws was missing , and the special screwdriver was missing too . The Casio customer service number referred me to a Parts Replacement number . The Parts Replacement number referred me to a local parts distributor . The local parts distributor number has a constant busy signal -LRB- we 've dialed it for days -RRB- . The next closest parts distributor -LRB- 1000 miles away -RRB- said they do n't support Casio products anymore -LRB- but Casio had given me their phone number -RRB- . The screws are an odd metric measurement that our local hardware store does n't carry.This has been one big hassle . It looks like it might be a decent stand once we have the pieces to put it all together , but I recommend that you buy it in a STORE instead of on-line , and check that all the parts are there before you leave .
 The first one of these stands came without screws ! The second came without a leg ! After that , Amazon told me they would n't send me another and they were discontinuing it because of problems with the boxes coming open in the mail and screws being missing . Yet months later it is still available here . If you did order it , look for the screws in the screw holes . That confused me at first , they put the screws in the holes so you have to unscrew them first instead of in a seperate bag . That does n't mean they wont be missing half the time though . Do n't buy this stand !!
 I guess I should have read the reviews before purchasing . The stand arrived via UPS in very poor condition and the screws were missing . I returned it and another was sent to me from Amazon . The second one arrived in worse condition than the first and again , the screws were missing . Amazon will not send another one , stating `` As it seems that the problem with this item is more widespread than we originally thought , we are not able to send another replacement . We will investigate and remedy the situation with the item ; however , I can not guarantee when the error may be fixed . '' However , several days later , I see that this product is still available for purchase . For the very first time , I am dissatisfied with Amazon.com !
 The item 's description and picture shows a circular locking mechanism to adjust the stand height . The one sent has a bolt that has to be removed to change the height and then tightened back down with a wrench . I was not a happy camper when I discovered this .
 I ordered mine but when I got it from UPS , some parts were missing already since both end of the Casio box were damaged , some of the h/w already felt out and could not be found.UPS / Amazon needs to put the Casio stand box inside of another box while shipping , or use lots of extra tape on it.Also , when I went to Amazon 's `` return center '' , I could not find that item on the list since it was shipped to me already , so I had to send another note to Amazon to see how I can obatin a shipping lable to return that item . I am still waiting to hear back from Amazon.Those are extra work that is not expected . I have been buying from Amazon for many years , I even had wedding registry with them . I was a happy customer until now .
 Recibi el producto pero tiene un problema con uno de los tornillos de la parte inferior ya que no enrosca .
 This box came without the screws needed for assembly . After other customers received their boxes without screws , and Amazon had to pay money to return them , you would think somebody would check the remaining boxes in stock.But no ... they want me to return it instead of just sending me the screws.Whatever .
 I got this stand with my Casio WK-110 . It was easy to assemble . When I got it set up with the keyboard on it , it was WAY TOO TALL ! Since I am 5 ' 2 '' , I automatically set the stand on the lowest setting when assembling it . When I pulled up my bench , I felt like a 4 year old at the piano ! I even went so far as using an office chair to raise me up . I set the chair to the necessary height , then I could n't reach the sustain pedal!So , to the designers of this stand , I only have one thing to say . NOT ALL AMERICANS ARE 6 FEET TALL ! I 'm not a tall person , but neither am I a dwarf . Before I bought this Casio , I had a wonderful Yamaha keyboard with a stand . When set to its lowest setting , it was perfect for me . Too bad I could n't use the old stand , but it was n't wide enough for the Casio .
 I did not purchase this stand from Amazon but experienced the same difficulty with missing hardware . No , I am not unobservant and they were NOT in the legs for my convenience . They were missing in action as were the assembly instructions . Fortunately I live with a skillful metal worker and we were able to assemble this thing . After assembly it was sturdy enough but assembly instructions would have been nice . All in all a disappointing experience .
 I actually received this product for free because the description for the Casio PX110 said it came with a stand - and it did n't . So Amazon shipped this to me.Mine , thankfully , came with all the pieces . But , in usage , it 's not too great for my keyboard .1 . The stand 's lowest height is too high for the Casio PX110 .2 . It 's a major pain to adjust the height .3 . The X-shape does n't allow your legs to be where they should while you play . -LRB- This annoys me the most . -RRB- 4 . My keyboard does n't rest well on it - I place `` non-slip pads '' wherever the keyboard rests on the stand so that it wo n't slide if bumped.Those four complaints are with or without the use of a pedal , and now that I 'm learning pieces where I need that feature , I 'm starting to plan on replacing this stand . -LRB- As well as buying a bench . -RRB- My hubby will either build a stand , or I 'll end up purchasing the one for the PX110.I guess if you 're playing while standing up , and wanting a stand that folds up -LRB- with difficulty -RRB- , purchase this one .
 This stand is worthless ! Not only did you have to put it together , but they did not even include the right parts ! After a half-an-hour I finally realized that it was impossible to put this together because two of the main parts were missing!I finally wound up throwing the whole thing in the trash ! Do n't waste your time and effort!Dr . Rik PfenningerPSU
 I was so excited to get this microphone only to find out that all of the music is POLYPHONIC !!! The background music sounds like bad elevator music instead of the original background music . If you just want to tinker with karaoke this is the microphone for you . if you want to really sing , do n't waste your money !!!
 Being a long time djembe player I wanted to get my daughter one of her own so she could play and not hurt the one I picked up in Africa . I purchased the meinl 8-inch djembe and had it out of the box for about ten seconds before I knew it was not a real instrument . I was very suprised because I own multiple shakers and a cajon from the same company and am completely satisfied . I would reccomend buying a REMO djembe if you want a child 's instrument . The Meinl 8-inch djembe is not even a toy , but garbage .
 I bought a Chauvet fogger with their juice for parties , but learned that these type foggers make more of a `` smoke effect '' than real fog that hugs the ground . I was dissapointed as I didnt want to have the kids breathing in all this `` juice '' . Would have preferred it to hug ground and not be in everyones face . If you want a real fog like effect ... you must find dry ice . It works much better but cost more .
 I was very disappointed that I have received a low quality fog fluid . I was expecting that I will receive what is exactly on the internet -LRB- Chauvet FJ-U Fog fluid -RRB- white and brown gallon . To mention what exactly I 've got , it looks like just plain almost transparent gallon without label , no brand and it looks like water that one of my friend thought it was water and almost drink it . I hope next time you will give the exact product what your costumer order .
 Ordered the CBM10 . Got it and everything looked ok until I tried to put my mixer in the case . Please be aware that the well width for the mixer is only 9.25 inches . I wish this listing had specified that , because I would n't have bought it . Also , it shows additional foam in the turntable recess , and there was none in my case . It really looked like I got the case of the CBM10 , and the inside of the CBM10E . I am returning the case and am really disappointed .
 I ordered the CBM10 and received a CBM10e which is not what was advertised . The CBM10 has steel recessed hardware and nice foam wrap for your turntables while the CBM10e has cheap surface mounted hardware , very thin foam and not to mention a RUBBER handle ! Who would trust that handle with their precious tables inside ? NOT ME!UPDATE !! It seems the item is listed wrong but the seller did refund me $ 30 which put the case at $ 65 . I used the $ 30 to replace the hardware with deavy duty handles with through bolts with lock nuts and washers on the inside , as well as add quite a bit of foam on the inside to keep everything snug . It is quite a strong case now . Really the only difference between the two models is the hardware , the wood dimensions are the same . But make NO mistake , My next case will be a proper flight case .
 This case has all the potential to be great storage for your vinyl lps . The carpeting inside and out is great , it made me feel comfortable that neither the vinyl nor the sleeves would take much of any damage when removing and replacing them . Also , it definitely does hold 260 albums , a feat which I questioned , but is nonetheless true . However , it does n't stand up in the face of even light use . In fact , when the case arrived the screws were falling out of the back hinges . This I found to be annoying , however , being relatively handy , I managed to remedy this issue without problem . The front latches , unfortunately , were not such an easy problem to fix . They are clearly very cheaply made , as they BOTH broke after opening the case 3 or 4 times . Needless to say I 'm less than pleased . I would return it but the shipping to return the case is nearly the cost of the case itself.In summary , I suppose it would n't be a terrible case if you just wanted an open storage box to place next to your turntable . However , if you want to get any wear and tear out of your album case I would suggest looking elsewhere .
 I had MM jukebox on my other computers for years and I love it . I purchased a new computer and could not get MM jukebox to download from the internet so I purchased the cd but I could n't get it to load or run properly . I do love Music Match and still want it but I do n't know what to do as of now .
 Musicmatch obviosly is not interested in creating software compatible with Windows 7 . Last year I purchased Musicmattch from Yahoo . They claimed it was compatible with Windows Home Premium . I payed $ 79 . and change.It did not work . Yahoo did not answer my E mail , or return my money . Past history . When is Musicmatch moving into the 21st century ? I had Musicmatch on my old computer , with Windows ME . I loved it . Robert .
 It looked ok - but the padding comes apart after a little while . The glue that holds the padding is no good . It is a shame because the rest of the materials are good and it is a good size . I complained to the seller - but no response . Keep looking my friend - this is not it .
 We ordered this pad and it came promptly , however the edges of the pad started to curl within the first few days . My son found he missed being able to screw this onto his stand . After returning this pad as defective , my son 's drum teacher bought a new Acquarian Practice Pad and my son liked its action much better .
 This product is no bigger than the palm of your hand ... if you are a beginner then this is not the one for you , , , it is too small to do anything on
 These are heavily padded , thick music folders . I would have preferred a lighter folder , although at least they are protective . The item description designates pockets that hold music that is up to 10.25 '' wide . This is rather impossible , as the pockets are under 10 '' wide . Orchestra music often runs 10 '' wide , and will NOT fit in these folders .
 I married this mic to the Olympus WS-200S Digital Voice Recorder , which by the way plays in stereo . When attaching the mic there was a significant loss of volume , as the system only used one channel rather than stereo . The resulting loss of volume requiered the volume to be turned up during playback increasing backround noise levels . I use this device to record class lectures at the college level . Without the mic I was able to hear student questions from the back clearly . With the mic installed , I could no longer make out all the questions from the high volume related static .
 You 'd think this would be pretty good -LRB- because it bares the `` Olympus '' name -RRB- , however , it did n't work , right out of the box ! Do n't waste your money .
 I purchased this mic and simultaneously an Olympus lapel mic . This one is to `` cancel external noise , '' however , the mic is sensitive enough that it picks up the hissing -LRB- sort of like low static -RRB- of the little recorder it sits on . I wish it had a cord it could mount onto the end of .
 This baby worked for a few a while then one day just out of the blue it 's broken . I do n't even know how it broke . I just went to use it and it was broken . `` CHEAP ! '' I wonder if i had brought it from the Olympus site would it had broken .
 Small mic + small price = small quality . Buyer beware , you get what you pay for . I 'd recommend spending twice the money for something else . I 'm not even sure this mic improved my sound quality at all .
 I 'm giving this product a 1 star review because it does n't list the frequency or range of frequncies that it operates on . It only vaguely lists that it works somewhere in the VHF range . Are we consumers just expected to buy this and be stuck with it if it does n't work because of radio interferance ? If they bothered to post the frequency range under the product description like most of the other wireless microphones do , than pershaps consumers can determine before we buy it whether or not it will work in our environment . If you purchase this item , you 're gambling that it 's going to work . If you 're in a small club in the middle of nowhere with no other RF use anywhere nearby , odds are it will work . But if you 're like most people who use wireless mics in a very crowded RF environment , not knowing whether or not this mic is going to work before you buy it is not acceptable .
 The poor quality die-cast metal collar for adjusting the height of the top pole broke where the cheap , plastic tightening knob is . This is a huge piece of -LSB- ... -RSB- and I would not recommend it . I am sending it back .
 In my opinion , any case for an instrument should protect that instrument . I think this case does a very poor job of that . It is a soft case . What kind of idiot would store a quality , fragile , wood instrument in a case that can not protect it from crushing ? Of course I realized this when I bought the item , but this was the only case available for the instrument . If they had a hard case available , I would have bought it instead.If you really do want a soft case for your instrument , I would recommend this case . It is well made . However , do n't be deluded with false secuirty . This case will provide only very minimal protection.Mark
 Looked forever for bagpipes should have kept looking . they would look good on a shelf , but for a child to start learning not so much . Bag does not hold air very disappointing . save your $ 70 an keep looking . Amazon was great however , fast service an easy to navagate .
 i was hoping for some sort of beginners bagpipes but this is just a chanter with a bag and fake drones and very small
 Children 's bagpipes not at all what expected !! Photo looks impressive and read that they were to be functionable , however , were not in the least functionable for an adult , much less for a child . Mouth piece would not sit properly and fell out immediately repeatedly ... could go on and on . This was a holiday gift for my grandchild , age 9 , and both of us were very disappointed . This was my first time shopping on Amazon and I am hesitant to do so again .
 I honesty thought these would be an actual set of claves , but they turned out to be nothing buy a simple pair of sticks . do n't get them not even for your kids . these claves ARE A JOKE .
 Was looking for simple percussion instrument to use in a ukulele group . This was to be used in my classroom and so price was a consideration . These are not just inexpensive , they are cheap and worthless . Perhaps they can provide warmth as firewood on a cold winter day .
 As with all reviews , I had many songs recorded and was in the process of backing them up to the FAT partition -LRB- to move to my computer -RRB- and it just stopped working saying `` HDD not found , please power down . '' Now it does not work at all -- it will not move beyond the startup screed . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT -- YOU WILL LOSE YOUR SONGS AT SOME POINT !
 Before I bought this item I saw a few reviews of it online commenting on how after the user purchased the Tascam DP-01 , a short time later it would crash and the user would lose everything that that they had written and recorded on it . I ignored these reviews , purchased the DP-01 , and began recording music onto it . A few weeks later , the DP-01 crashed and not only did I lose everything I had recorded but I also could no longer record anything new . I will give it two stars because it was relatively easy to figure out and use . Besides the crashing feature that seems all to common , it is a pretty decent product . But if you do decide to buy this item , be sure to save everything on a back-up disk .
 I have had this thing for about 5 weeks now . I thought it was great as well , I had about 15 recordings done and was happy with everything the machine had to offer . Until the hard drive crashed . Tascam needs to seriously consider the parts used in this machine 's construction . One day worked fine , next day it would n't even boot . Now I have to send it back , and try and remember the songs I recorded -LRB- which are usually improv . -RRB-
 When I first got it , I thought it was great . Easy to use , adequate sound quality -LRB- not great -RRB- . Then , as other people have said , the hard disk started grinding , and I lost all my songs . I sent it back to Tascam with a note for them to send me recovered songs if they could , and they did not . I got a new one which worked fine . Then yesterday , the hard disk locked and I lost the song I was working on . This time I could retrieve my other songs , so I mastered them , but the hard disk still grinds and I 'm going to have to send it back again . Obviously a design flaw , and not the only one -LRB- why does n't it have a back lit LCD ? Why no digital inputs ? -RRB- . Do n't buy this unless you want to lose all your songs .
 I 've experienced the same hard drive problems . It stopped being able to read the disk during only my third extended period of usage . I 'm still trying to get in touch with somebody at Tascam about the problem . They 're hard to get a hold of . Awesome work , Tascam !
 These picks have the `` Musician 's Friend '' logo on them which is not specified . It looks like it was pasted on the picture on the webpage , but it 's actually on the picks like that . . and they are all exactly the same color , no variation . You think if someone wanted to sell an advertisement for their own business they would at least make it look a bit more nice . For this reason I will not be purchasing any more items from `` Musician 's Friend '' !
 The BP-010-BK padded keyboard Bench shown above is not what they are shipping . I have received two CHEAP Guardian benches instead of the ON Stage bench shown in the picture and description . I exchanged the first figuring slight of hand just received the second one which I now have to return . DO N'T Order this until Amazon straightens this out!So disappointed .
 Just as another person commented , Amazon is shipping a much inferior product than it listed and picture . We got the wrong one , sent it back and they sent us another package containing the same low-end stool with little padding -LRB- I think the maker is guardian -RRB- . We already own an On Stage keyboard bench -LRB- which we obviously like -RRB- and the two benches side by side are a joke . The recent bench they are sending is low quality which is n't worth the price they are charging for the On Stage . This is not user error on our part . They are shipping the wrong -LRB- yet similar -RRB- product . I will update this review if they ever send us the correct bench .
 Please do n't buy rosewood pipes . The bagpipe 's reputation is bad enough already . You really want African Blackwood pipes . That is the standard in virtually all quality Great Highland bagpipes . Some come in plastic , but those are really practice pipes . But whatever you do , please , just do n't waste your money on rosewood .
 Th first problems I noticed was that when I tried to tune it would become out of tune pretty fast . The bow was a bad quality , it shed all the horse hair in less than a year of using it . The sounding was okay comparing to price , but it is not one you would want to purchase if you are a beginner or wanting to revive a old hobby . Hope this helps !
 This one star review is for this problematic listing . I ca n't comment on the Luna Athena Hollowbody guitar , because when you order this , you wo n't get that . Instead , you 'll get a 3/4 scale low end Luna acoustic with a retail value of $ 69 . I ordered it , and that 's what I got . Then I had to deal with a return .
 I purchased this item with woodwind brasswind being the seller ... they never sent it to me with some excuse that they were having trouble with the price posted on amazon . NO ONE WOULD STAND BEHIND THE PUBLISHED PRICE ...
 My courier service charged me $ 20 extra for the dimensions of the package and arrived too late from the buying date
 When can we get the item ?!!?!?!?!?!? We thought we gave enough time to deliver the item to us before the time we need but where is it ?! Very disappointed .
 Ca n't import drum machines from keyboards . When choosing a drum map close to what I have , it wo n't go out my sound card . Only midi and Roland soft synths , forcing you to use their synths and hours of editing . When recording via midi , the songs play very slowly forcing you to reload the program . When recording midi , some tracks notes take on a mind of their own needing time consuming editing . TT-1 has some nice sounds and notation features but I wish it had where I can choose a series on notes and change the length and velocity of just one section in a track instead of the whole track . When altering notes in an existing drum map to match my keyboard , no sound came out . Sometimes when playing back a song , the volume and instruments will default to a certain setting causing you to record a new track and reload . This is a good starter kit and has many limitations but I guess that 's with all non full versions of software .
 I bought this from Amazon and the audio was a real problem for us . We could n't figure out how to get sound through the speakers . Also , the recording feature would not work at all , it kept dropping out . My son got another one ; The old 2002 version -LRB- XP -RRB- which runs perfect on his Gateway computer that runs Vista . I would hesitate buying this version !
 Just a mess of gismos with minimal logic and too few quality features . Midi systems did not interface easily or as expected . Never did get around to my audio interface ... frustrated . The help files seemed like they were written for some other program ; probably put together by people who assume we understand the program as well as they do . The only good thing I can say about this waste of money is it convinced me to upgrade my Ableton software to the full version of Live 7 . Yikes !
 I have used Cakewalk for years - my most recent product prior to Home Studio was Sonar 5.0 Producer Edition which I use for Audio recording and mixing . We have n't used MIDI . I bought Home Studio for two reasons
 I have the Cakewalk Music Creator software and thought I 'd `` upgrade '' to the Sonar 6 XL . What a mistake ! The Music Creator program works just fine , while the Sonar 6 XL has fancy bells and whistles it 's much harder to access the elements that make my Music Creator program -LRB- bought in 2003 -RRB- so intuitive and easy to use . As with most software made these days the manual and online tutorials are convoluted and not at all user friendly . I uninstalled the Sonar 6 XL after several frustraing hours trying to get a handle on the program , and I am glad to be rid of it . I am not a Luddite by any means . But I have no use for `` upgrades '' that provide only frustration and no results when the older version of the software was just fine .
 I 'm a drummer -LRB- ... you do n't say ! -RRB- , and I 've played on a lot of drums , and a lot of heads . These were a huge disappointment , Evans in general kind of gives me a bad taste . I own a Ludwig set , a high-end at that , and these , and other Evans heads had an enourmous slippage problem . But that aside , I 'm a drummer , and that 's why we were given drum keys . The thing that really ticked me off , is the lose bounce fast , and knick up fast , and I do n't know if it was just me , but the drum head seemed to get harder as I hit it , the center of the drum more or less turned into a solid chunk of plastic , maybe it was just me . But I have loads of drummer friends , they said I 'd have issues , but I stood by these heads with a flaming sword ... 'til they made my drums sound like cardboard boxes . No ring -LRB- the bad kind of `` no ring '' -RRB- , fall out of tune quicker than a snowball melts in Hell , and the only one I found worth keeping in the end , was the bass drum head , but I 'm even thinking about changing that one . Remo Pinstripe or Emperors is my personal pick , but do n't let my oppinion sway you if you know how to make these heads work . Sorry for the book .
 This product audio is very poor . Even with my mouth in front of the microphone it could hardly pick up the sound of my voice . Do n't get me wrong , if I yelled into the thing it did pick me up just fine but with an inside voice , sitting at my desk with my laptop in front of me it hardly detected my voice . The person I was talking to had to turn their audio way up , I had to increase the mic volume on my PC all the way up , and then he could hear me a little bit . I do not recommend this product , and I wish I had n't purchased it . It would n't be worth it at $ 2 , it certainly was n't worth it at $ 16 . Ouch .
 When I plugged this mic into my computer it did not work at all . Instructions are nearly nonexistent but all you should have to do with a plug in mic is plug it in and when I did , nothing happened . I 'm very disappointed .
 According to people I am attempting to talk to it sounds like i am in a muffin . Cord is super short . I guess this is what I get for ordering a cheap mic
 when i got the microphone it did n't even work ... i checked everything with my computer settings and everything with it was fine .
 Last me exactly one year . Now it will not record when bended 45 , or 90 degrees . Most likely the contacts are dirty , or rusty , but there is now way to clean them .
 this product did n't work with my iPhone and when I tried it with my laptop , it sounds bad , I got refund though .
 Maybe its just my netbook , but this was a waste of money . This mic is not likely to pick up your voice unless you ingest it . Not worth it .
 I own an iPod touch . `` Why would I need another digital recorder ? '' I thought . There are apps for recording on the ipod . I should just buy a microphone . Only the touch does n't recognize this microphone as being a microphone . This may be a great microphone with an olympus recorder , I do not know . I only know that it does not work with my ipod .
 it was overpriced , I felt duped , because I paid almost two hundred dollars and eighteen pounds cash to the postman at the door before I could even have it . It was unbelievable . I just hated this and the dictating machine that came with it . I ended going to my local to buy something else . I really felt that that was a daylight robbery to me . I have lost my trust in ever using this company again . Good luck to your customers !
 Can only be used with a device that is about 20 years old . Mono microphones are useless these days . Period .
 I bought this mic hoping to connect it to my GoPro Hero2 and attach it to my helmet . Unfortunately , whenever I move , the mic gets `` static '' noise from somewhere . Not sure why this is happening , but each time I take a step , a little static is heard from the mic . It 's not just when I move , any vibration seems to cause this static . For example if I 'm riding my motorcycle with the mic attached to my GoPro , as I accelerate on the bike , the crackling static noise increases making the captured audio practically useless.I 've tried many different positions within my helmet , but I have n't found a way to stop the static . It is static free when stationary , so if you plan to use this mic in an application where it will not move , then this might be the mic for you -LRB- hence why I gave 2 stars instead of 1 -RRB- . Be aware that it only records a single channel so if you listen to the recorded audio , you would only hear it on the left speaker . I was aware of this when I bought the mic and this is easy enough to work around , just thought others should be aware of this when buying this mic.I 've since gone with a Sony ECM-CS10 which works great , so the static problem was not my camera 's fault .
 I ordered this product for the Kodack Zi8 camcorder to `` improve '' the poor mic quality and hoped this would do it but sadly I must say IT DID N'T . I adjusted and tweeked it but nothing helped , the mic in the camera was better than this added one . This mic might work well with another type of recording machine but not this camcorder so I do n't recommened it for the Kodak Zi8 .
 This mic is not what I expected it to be . I really thought it would work for my class lectures , but I still hear loud noise and I sit on the first row !!
 I purchases this microphone thinking it was be an enhacement , however soon discovered that it required an adaptor to be used on the same recorder that it was paired with as a suggested additional purchase . Now I have to go to Radio Shack to get an adaptor to use this microphone . Had I know this I would have just gone to Radio Shack .
 Does not work with my iphone 4s ! The site had not been warned that the microphone does not work with iphone 4s !
 I bought this for my old cassette recorder which uses the same type of jack , but it just flat out did n't work at all . Tried it on my iPod , did n't work there either . Sent it back .
 I returned this product , it was recommended by amazon for me to buy with the VN8100PC and TP-7 phone recorder but guess what you can not use TP-7 and this item on the digital recorder at the same time , hello ?? You would think someone might mention that . Needless to say I returned the device .
 I plan to return this product as it was only after reading the insert that I learned that it was for personal use not for recording a committee meeting .
 Be careful . This microphone requires power to be applied from your recording device . This is described on the box and in the enclosed spec sheet , but I do n't see anything about it on the Amazon site.Did not work at all with my laptop.Also the noise `` cancelation '' is only provided by a directional shield . True cancellation is obtained by using a stereo mike with the two pickups wired to cancel noise that arrives at both equally .
 For the price , it looks and feels cheap . Plus it does not pick up sound well . Trust me on this . I regret buying this . You will too .
 I bought this mic hopping that it would improve the sound capture on my Olympus recorder . However , after testing it I determined that the built in mic on the recorder was much better than this mic . $ 16 down the drain . I would not recommend this mic .
 Search for mic to be used with iPhone 4S and iPad shows this as solution , but it simply did n't work . I do n't know if the device was defective or just is n't supported by iPhone and iPad , so it had to be returned .
 Wish I did n't have to give this one star , but I do.I tried recording an entire lecture that my professor gave at school , and I was sitting right in the front , with this microphone -LRB- or lack of -RRB- plugged into the device . When I went to listen to it later , all there was was static , I mean SO much static that you literally could n't hear a THING . WASTE OF MONEY and very disappointed that I did n't get that recorded !
 I have just received my Olympus ME 52 - Microphone , but it does not work with my Mac Book Pro . I assumed there would be no problem using the product with a laptop ? I would be sincerely grateful if somebody could give me some advice on this ?? as I have a very important interview tomorrow
 This is thing work fine with the laptop or what ever it is , but I do n't recommend for the Sony ICD_UX200 Digital voice recorder as Amazon recommend . This thing only work on one side for recording from Sony ICD_UX200 Digital voice recorder . When I hear the record , the right sides is not work at all . I just figure out the different in output of this microphone , the look different compare to the SOny Product . I do n't know how it does not work but it did not at all .
 I bought this thinking it was for a 4 string bass , but when it got here it was for 5 strings , and I sent these guys an email complaining , and they just changed the picture of the item and acted like nothing was wrong .
 I bought this for my son for xmas . I was very dissappointed in it . Usually I love First Act instruments . But this one was seriously out of tune when we opened the package . After trying to tune it myself with their tool I took it to my local music store for them to tune . No matter what she did the instrument would n't stay in tune . She finally gave up trying to tune it to the notes they said it was supposed to be tuned to and just generally tuned it so at least it was in tune to itself . By the next day it was out of tune yet again . I was really disappointed and have since started looking for a better quality lap harp . . which in case you decided to look else where , is also called a hog nosed psaltery .
 This is unbelievably poorly designed . It uses a single string to span two notes making it impossible to tune and keep in tune . You can get a better sound out of some wooden mixing spoons and 99 cent buckets from the hardware store . It 's such a waste , I do n't even want to give it away .
 It was completely out of tune when we got it . That would have been okay as they sent a wrench to tune it . But when I tried to tune it , first a string broke . When I tried to replace it the tuning key peg would n't hold any tension . It 's impossible to play even the simplist of tunes . Very poor quality workmanship . Do n't waste your money here .
 less than three weeks after receiving my amp in the mail , it stopped working . right in the middle of playing something on my bass , the cord slipped out without a sound and now the amp wont even make bass sounds . it only hums instead . after doing some research on the company , i found out that they have been sued for having items that `` should n't even be called musical instruments '' that are `` irreparable . ''
 amp still does not work as plugging in to bass line produces nothing ... trying to see if wiring is off
 I bought this snare drum brand new as soon as it came out about 7-8 years ago . I had sold it within weeks . Poor projection despite its shell material along with a fairly flat and lifeless tone . -LRB- And that piercing overring is NOT tone -RRB- . A very limited tuning range.As it is not a true piccolo , it 's hard to get that crack that one associates with a shallower drum ; but due to the combination of shell material and the shallower depth of shell one finds it hard to get a fatback style tone either . All I can say is try before you buy . I 'm sure this drum will suit someone else perfectly . Just was n't for me .
 I wanted a simple chorus pedal to use on a song or two with my band . As a Nirvana fan , the Small Clone was the first thing I was drawn to , and I figured that the Nano Clone must be more or less the same thing in a tiny package , so I found a good deal on one.This pedal is horrible , and I ca n't imagine how any musician who cares about their sound would find it acceptable . It can not be powered through a daisy-chain with other pedals . There is a significant volume drop when it is switched on , it introduces a hissing noise , and there is very noticeable bass roll-off . Underneath all that , yes , it applies a pretty nice chorus effect , but the tradeoff is not worth it . There are some trimpots inside that can be messed with a bit , but they do n't do anything to fix the problems.I 've not played one in person , but I hear that the actualSmall Clonedoes n't share the problems that its defective smaller brother has . If you really want an EH chorus , go for that . I picked up aDanelectro D-5 Fab Chorus , which outperforms this in every possible way except the true bypass . It 's a sad day when Electro-Harmonix 's product is completely dominated by a $ 17 plastic-cased pedal .
 Totally unusable sounds-like-a-joke piece of crap . I wish I could give it minus 5 stars . I plead temporary insanity for buying this thing . I was sure I 'd never plug it in again after the first 10 seconds of trying it out . Sounds kind of like the sound track on a really really bad sci-fi movie . And to make it worse , it 's unfriendly with other pedals , you have to power it on it 's own power source , or isolated from all other pedals , I guess because other pedals ca n't stand the thing either ! This thing is a total insult to music !!! I wish it would disappear from the face of the earth ! shame shame ehx . Whoever decided to release this thing to the public should lose his job and all of his guitars ! On second thought , let him keep his crapiest guitar and a nano clone .
 I thought I could trust ehx for anything but apparently I was wrong . The first thing you notice when you turn nanoclone on is the drop in volume and loud hissing voice . It is unacceptable for this even to be released to be sold . Awful . If you do n't want a loud hissssssss and loss in sound quality , do not buy this pedal .
 Does n't work well with daisy chains , and once you plugged it , all other pedals wo n't work !! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Iimmediately sent this back -LRB- the company was very good in returning my payment immediately -RRB- . Several keys were stuck open and always played . Some did n't play when pressed . Avoid this piece of junk !
 This accordion is not at all worth the money spent on it , and I plan on returning it as soon as I can.My main problem with this accordion is that most of the bass buttons do n't even work , and the few that do still sound very off-tune . I doubt everybody has experienced this problem , but I ca n't be the only one . The reeds are also either very loose or dislodged completely , which would cost a small fortune to get fixed . It does not play smoothly at all . The bellows are very stiff and often wo n't close all the way.The accordion does not look like the picture , either . The bellows are white with a red black and brown diamond design that does not match the rest of the instrument . There are also cheap looking colorful rhinestones all over it that are hardly visible in the photos given . The straps are extremely uncomfortable and difficult to attach.Overall , I would recommend you pay the extra 50 dollars or so and buy an accordion from a more well-known brand .
 The accordion looks nice , but mine had problems of tuning and sticky bass button keys , with one button who was even engaging another one every time I was playing it , creating a terrible dissonance . I took out the bass button cover to see if I could do anything to fix it , and I was very negatively surprised by the poor quality of the valves and the poor craftmanship . I just put the cover back and returned the instrument . Thanks to Amazon . com for one of the best and more generous return policies in the retail business . As far as the Barcelona accordions brand is concerned , I think that , even for such a low price , it is possible to find better products.After having returned the Barcelona accordion , I subsequently purchased for the same price an accordion `` Bonetti '' , made by Parrot -LRB- China -RRB- with the same number of bass and keys , and in all honesty it is much better .
 Oh , how I longed for a guitar of my very own . Preferably , pink , with light guage strings and a low , low asking price . Imagine my joy when I see Austin Bazaar 's 38in pink cutaway steel string accoustic guitar ! Imagine my disappointment when it arrived . Now , I know that you 're not going to get the best guitar in the world for under forty dollars , but the description and pictures are somewhat misleading , and it said the original price was over a hundred dollars -LRB- which is just crazy -RRB- . First , I have no idea how many lights they have shining on this thing to make it that beautiful light pink color we see in the picture , but the color is actually a much darker color pink , with an even darker pink close to the edges of the guitar . Now , I also know that an item 's color does n't always photograph well , but we have here a `` customer '' image that also shows a light , girly pink . I felt safe in assuming the thing would be a light , pretty pink . Instead I got dirty , grunge girl pink , which is ok , just not what I wanted . Also , it has a rough , crappy finish in some spots which just sucks.The next biggest disappointmet was the head . The head on my guitar is not the head of the guitar that is pictured . This is what makes me feel `` kinda '' ripped off . The head of the guitar that 's pictured , is typical of most guitars with individual tuning pegs that claim to be made of brass and steel or some such things , and is solid . Usualy the brand name goes here with some sort of cool little design , but not always . The head of the guitar I actually received is completely different . Ever see the head on a classical guitar ? It looks like that . Did you ever see a cheap kid 's guitar for sale at Walmart ? It looks like that . And the tuning pegs are definitely plastic . I hate classical guitars . The only thing that makes this NOT a classical guitar is the steel strings . And the cutaway I guess , not sure on that one , but whatever.The only reason I 'm keeping it is becuase it was so cheap and it would be a hassle to send it back . It plays reasonably well , and that 's something at least . Not much , but something .
 I purchase this guitar although it was just too small I sent austin an email for a ra number which he did and I sent it back and guess what no money so I got a little guitar which I do n't have and the money too . I hope no one has to go through this because it really stinks . I will never order from this web site againcarol a king
 thank 's for asking me , i 'm not happy with the guitar that i purchase . because it 's defective . but thank you anyway .
 Firstly , this instrument is a regular guitar and not a diatonically-oriented instrument as advertised . The strings are not on `` three courses '' at all . It 's not the dulcimer-like instrument described here on Amazon 's page.The neck is very low quality and the sound is not bright and does not have `` plenty of volume . '' I will try some new strings to see if it helps . The only good thing I can say is that it is plenty portable and it could be used as a toss-around , camping or travel guitar . You would n't care if this instrument got sat on , or stolen , or lost . You just would n't care .
 Considering the price , but linked to other similar instruments , this guitar is quite inferior to what it should . Very bad ending .
 If you have a valuable instrument , you wo n't want to bother with this . The best feature is its price . But you get what you pay for.The zippers are small and cheap and the zipper fobs flimsy . There is a roughness to the zipper action when you open and close the case , as if one might have a few missing `` teeth . `` As far as padding and protection , there is n't much here , basically nylon between your instrument and the hard floor . It is more of a bag than a case , not much form fitting going on . My Casio 7500 seems to hang in the bag like a bunch of loose potatoes.The handles are more like lightweight straps , unpadded and not designed to by joined by a velcro closure like a lot of the better bags . They eventually stretch out and become stringy and ugly.If you 're looking for an inexpensive gig bag , try Kaces , They seem to make theirs a little bit better.If you have an expensive instrument , invest in a Gator gig bag . They 're more money , but in the long run a smarter purchase and way more protection.Sadly I can not recommend the World Tour for anything more than dust protection .
 My daughter 's band director told her never to use these reeds for class because they make her instrument sound awful . I now have to buy a better quality of reed . Not very happy .
 These reeds are of poor quality and they do not produce the sound that can be achieved with Vandoren Reeds . If you are letting your students or child play on Rico Reeds then shame on you . Buy the quality reeds and they will succeed at a faster and more enjoyable rate . If you take care of Vandoren reeds then they will last longer.DO NOT BUY
 I ordered my reeds from Amazon before but this time I am disappointed . My whole order has arrived and the smallest and most important part of my order which are my reeds are not here . I have a competition within the next week and live on a college campus without a car so I expected to have brand new reeds but this is not the case . Thank you so much for screwing up my order .
 Ordinarily I receive Amazon orders within two business days.I paid for extra shipping for a one-day delivery . My orderarrived the third day . Signed , a DISGUSTED BUYER .
 I have always found Ricos to be acceptable beginner reeds for students in their first year or two playing . The reeds are fairly consistent , and the lower price means that breaking a reed is not too much of an expense for whomever is footing the bill for reeds -LRB- teacher , student , school , parent ... -RRB- . The provided plastic cases do a good job protecting the reed , as long as they are not pushed in too far.However , the number 2 is reed is quite soft in my opinion . I have always started my middle school students on 2 1/2 s , and have had plenty of success . I would have students try making sound on a 2 1/2 first and then go down only if students really struggle making a sound .
 poor quality for the money , they do not work well , tried playing the clarinet and the reeds seem too stiff to make the proper sound , would not recommend this item to anyone
 the picture is of the bbe benchpress pedal . The item sold is the orange squash compressor pedal . I bought this and expected the benchpress , got the orange squash . Very disappointed . I should have paid more attention , true , but the picture 's inaccuracy is extremely misleading . The seller 's return policy is vague , but if you contact them directly they 're great at getting back to you to sort everything out . And the customer service guy that contacted us said that the company had not put up the picture , amazon.com is solely to blame for the wrong product picture posted . This was all just a mess but aved was very heplful and made sure i got a full refund . Dont buy this pedal if you 're expecting the bench press , they are not the same thing . i 'd give the seller a good rating for being so helpful and getting me my money back , but amazon.com is just terrible for not changing the product picture to the accurate one .
 I just got this today in the mail and I 've notice that it does not have the planet waves ' logo and the `` JS '' is painted and not stamp ! I know the the difference because I own a couple and I must admit they look cooler with other js logo . This just looks cheap . I 'm returning it and I was told by the customer service that these are the new straps they got in July ...
 I ordered Joe Satriani Guitar Strap `` SKULL N BONES '' but amazon sent me a wrong item , I got `` SKULL PILE '' which is super duper ugly . I AM SO DISAPPOINTED ! I 've been an amazon customer for years & ONLY NOW they failed to satisfy me . If only Im in the US right now , I will send it back to them . But unfortunately , I am an overseas customer . Please AMAZON , next time make sure you are sending the correct items to your customers !
 I would use this vendor , again . Quick respose to questions . Fantastic customer service . Too bad that this item was DOA . Not vendors fault .
 I tried the Seymour Duncan SFX03 between the Custom Shop 1960 Strat and '59 champ . It was a little too much of a good thing . All the sparkle was missing from my guitar and it sounded very muffled . I suppose I could experiment some more but the initial results were n't promising . Went back to an ancient sans-amp I have laying around.When using a cheapo solid state amp this thing can sound pretty good.I do n't have as much time for guitars as I would like so I end up not mucking with gear and just practicing whenever possible .
 If this ever becomes available again , run screaming in the other direction.The case itself is well constructed and can carry your trumpet , mutes , etc.The glue used to put it together smells awful and will knock you over . My case has been on my balcony for two weeks and has not yet stopped outgassing .
 unless you like to play wah in super slow mo , this product does n't keep up with your playability . buy a real wah or volume pedal .
 i saw this guitar and thought it was so beautiful . i thought it would be a nice cheap guitar to pack around with me , and it would n't quite matter if anything happened to it , because of it ' a lack of cost.on the day of the estimated arival i got a letter saying that the guitar was out of stock and they had to recieve more . on the day of the second estimated arival i got a letter saying that they were once again out of stock , and that the item would be cancels within the next ten days and to redeem this item call back . i allowed the item to cancel , then called back ten days later to double check that it was canceled . i assumed the money would return to my account since i had n't reseived anything . they never returned my money to me , and i never got a guitar . i originally ordered the guitar over a month and a half ago . as pretty as the guitar seems , i dont suggest ordering from this company .
 i bought this guitar for a beater but it isnt even playable . . it doesnt hold a tune . the action is miles from the fret board . its cheap woood with a bad finish and poorly made . if you want a cheap guitar front the extra 50 bucks and get a jasmine by takamine . . wonderful guitars . this things a piece of junk !
 This is actually not any sort of dulcimer . It is a sort of cheap knockoff of Martin 's Backpacker guitar . The Martin is quite clever in that the neck and sides are all one piece of wood . This one is merely a neck glued to a similarly shaped body . The construction and finish are rather crude . The fretboard is whatever nondescript wood dyed black , body is plywood , and the finish looks like sprayed enamel.This guitar differs from the Martin BP in having a floating bridge and tailpiece . The bridge is deeply slotted , which robs tone -LRB- what tone you could get from the small plywood body -RRB- , but is necessary in order to get a more reasonable spacing of the strings , since the tailpiece is way too narrow -LRB- and probably from a children 's toy guitar -RRB- . I could position the bridge to give reasonable intonation , but the break angle of the strings is too small to give good tension on the bridge . The tuners are about in par for the rest of the gutiar . They do turn , actually , just not well.Actually , I mostly wrote this review to point out that the demensions are similar to the Backpacker . The guitar is actually nearly 36 inches long , not the 24 or 25 inches described.In short , you are getting what you pay for . And $ 30 for a guitar will not get you much .
 I do n't know what I was thinking when I bought this one . I opened it up , tuned the strings and started playing . Some of the frets could n't hold the strings and the bridge is a floating-style - not very durable for a traveler.I returned it the next day for a full refund -LRB- shipping at my expense -RRB- . Spend a little extra dough and get a better guitar . This one is not even good enough for a toy .
 this item is made of cheap wood and is not able to be tuned . when i tried to tune it for the first time the screw in the bridge was pull up throughthe wood leaving an unfixxable gaxs.it is ok looking and would make a good decorative piece but nothing more . think very hard about it before you spend your money on this item !
 I 've been a guitar player for 20 years and decided to pick up this `` blowout sale '' mandolin to see if I liked the instrument , figuring I would get a better one if I did . Unfortunately , the neck of the mandolin I received is badly bowed , and there is no truss rod or any other mechanism to adjust it . As a result , the strings sit almost 1/4 '' above the tiny little fretboard , making it impossible to play . I was not expecting a lot from this `` bargain '' , but I was certainly hoping that it would be usable to a certain extent .
 I bought this mandolin for $ 5.00 on ebay and it cost me $ 35.00 to ship . I own two `` real '' mandolins and this does not compare . I have broken three new sets of strings trying to tune this thing . I have never been able to play it and I would not give it to anyone . Go for the Rouge for the money .
 i got mine on ebay to and it is the worst thing ive ever played , the strings break when in tune ... . DO NOT GET !!!!!!!!!!!!
 I gave it to the neighbors toddler because it was completely unplayable . You would be better of drawing a mandolin on cardboard with a crayon .
 I wanted an inexpensive &#34; beater &#34; to leave in the car , etc instead of worrying about my real mandolin . But I was terribly disappointed with this one . It looked pretty good out of the box for this purpose . But then several strings started breaking . Ok , cheap strings , easily replaced . But now some of the hardware started coming out , the screws on the tuning brackets , and I could see that the bridge had sharp edges that was causing the broken strings . As I started to look this instrument over carefully I just decided to not take a further chance on it before the return time ran out . So I returned it , which pained me because I have to pay for return shipping . But I will say that Amazon/Austin were good about it and made no hassles and I did get credit back promptly .
 I have had mine for a year and a half and it is alright if you are just starting out and need to know if you like playing mandolin before you shell out big bucks for a professional one . not worth your time or money if you are looking for a high quality mandolin.I did n't buy it from amazon but from a different site . Once I opened the box it was deemed unreturnable , even though there were manufacturer problems with it . The fourth fret had to be filed down under the e string for it to even play right.My advice , NEVER buy an instrument online if you can buy one in person and test it out first .
 I bought one of these on ebay for $ 5 with a $ 35 shipping fee as well . Amazon claims it is originally 160.00 and is a 80 % price deduction but this remains to be seen . I bought this as my first instrument which is fine because I knew nothing about playing music or the sound it should produce . It is very flat , and no matter what , you ca n't get it to tune . I have tried 2 sets of strings and it sounds okay with a good set od daddario 's . I would however reccomend the 39.99 or 49.99 mandolins on amazon . They sound like real mandolins and are generally well built for the price and for 10 $ more its a huge advancement .
 Whaddayawant for a $ 30 guitar ? Somewhat disappointed when I received the sunburst model , since I had ordered `` Natural '' . Aside from that , the intonation sucks . Only somewhat satisfying as a slide , where intonation is up to you the consumer .
 This guitar is a cheap piece of junk . Which I expected , for $ 30 . Mine came with strings and a bag , but the strings the guitar ships with are too heavy -- I thought they were going to break the guitar 's body . Intonation is absolutely terrible -- I suspect they changed design , or started buying fretboards from a different supplier -- without doing any math . Either they used the wrong fretboard , or they glued the bridge on in the wrong place . It 's wrong by half an inch . For guitars , that 's a huge error -- it means anything past the second fret is out of tune.Do not buy this guitar for someone looking to learn to play . It will disappoint them .
 Absolute junk . I too was taken in by the idea of a cheap Martin Backpacker copy . This company has made a lot of money from us cheapos trying to get a good deal . For the others who have also been duped and still scratching their heads on how to tune or play this thing , here is a tip . Put a capo on the first fret and restring with super slinky electric guitar strings . It will now play cheaply , but it is a pain to keep in tune , and forget about ever getting it harmonically perfect . It will always sound just a bit off . I have since bought a Washburn Rover , and what a gem . You do get what you pay for .
 Please , take my advice and do not buy this item.Cheap construction , horrible workmanship , completly unplayable in any tuning.If you want a strumstick , go with McNally , the best product on the market.If you want a cheap guitar , many vendors offer good guitars for under $ 50.00 Zero stars !!! do not buy !!
 So I bought 15 pairs of these and I had them in the car in a container and after one afternoon in the car , they melted and and now are all very curved and difficult to use , almost unusable .
 Let me start by saying something nice about this version of Finale , the grand daddy of desktop publishing music notation programs . I finally can use Finale on the OSX operating system . Naturally , I was very excited to give it a test drive when it finally arrived.PROBLEM
 Since I got Sibelius 3 , Finale 2004 has been a nice little icon on my desktop.People say to `` spend time with it '' but in today 's high-stress , fast-paced industry , I do n't have that kind of time.I also do n't have time for bugs , etc.My co-workers and I , in both platforms , used Sibelius 3 the first week of it 's release , on two very large musical shows , and we had NO PROBLEMS ! NONE!It seems like those stuck on this program -LRB- Finale -RRB- have been using it for so long that switching to something new would be ridiculous , and I guess I can understand that because I was an Encore cross-over and it took me a long time to wean myself from that program ... but I really had no choice.I gave several programs a chance , including Finale , but I 'm musically savvy and not much of a computer person , so Sibelius was a dream come true.I think the best notation program is one that allows me to be musical , not technical . Musical = Sibelius . Technical = Finale . Choose the one that 's right for you .
 Being a professional music transcriptionist , as well as a composer/arranger , I need to stay open-minded and up-to-date with music software , so I purchased the Finale 2004 upgrade even though it made me nauseous.I 've limited the amount of jobs I will accept that require the use of Finale because it takes more than twice the amount of time to accomplish anything in this program than it does in programs like Sibelius , which are designed to be intuitive and user-friendly . I am a long-ago Encore cross-over , and I have given ALL programs a fair shot , but unlike all of the Finale `` power users , '' I do n't have the time in my life anymore to devote to conquering a program ... I just need something that makes sense and gets the job done right , quickly and professionally . When I had trouble just figuring out how to put a NOTE on the page in Finale , some users suggested that I hire someone to teach me the program from the beginning , and that way I 'd know how to use it . Why did they suggest this ? Because I found out that all of them had to do the same thing in order to learn it themselves ! Well , I 've used music notation programs quite successfully since I was in high school and I 've NEVER had to hire someone to teach me how to use them , so I do n't understand why I would have to do that today.I believe that 's why I 've settled quite happily with Sibelius as my personal choice for notation -- it made so much sense that after a few days of using it I was already accepting jobs with it . That program teaches YOU how to use it , it 's so intuitive . If you do n't know how to do something , you just guess , and it works!I also need a program that is cross-platform ... I have n't loaded 2004 for many reasons , the main one being that the few jobs I still accept on Finale come from MAC users who are now stuck in 2003 . Since it 's not my program of choice , there is no reason for me to have this version , and as time passes I 'm realizing that there is no reason for me to even have this program at all . I 've been employed consistently as a transcriptionist and have not had to use Finale for several months.Don ' t upgrade this wretched program ... It 's time to look into the future and move on without it .
 Finale . Grrr . This software is badly designed . It is too hard to learn -LRB- I ca n't be that stupid , I did graduate from Yale -RRB- . It does n't make sense . It does n't conform to straight forward software behavior standards that we expect like with Word , Photoshop , Pro Tools , etc. . It looks kind of old and dumpy in the interface . Way too many buttons and toolbars and dialog boxes . Like the program itself , the Help is difficult to navigate and hard to decipher . There is a new version every year - but the usability does n't ever improve - except for really simple things . -LRB- They added a `` Start New Score '' wizard . Oh boy ! -RRB-
 Finale 2004 , even with the update , is incredibly buggy.Avoid it . Stay with 2003 or switch to Sibelius.That it was even brought to market this buggy is outrageous , even for Finale .
 This is the worst guitar I have ever seen - finish is terrible - black paint smeared on frets - looks like it was finished by a monkey - I wanted to return it immediately - I feel cheated - I did not expect this from Amazon!Do not buy one .
 This guitar is junk , the finish is bad , wo n't stay in tune long enough to play a song . Save your money and pay the extra for a real guitar
 Austin Bazaar sells these products at what they claim is a bargain save ur money if u dont want a sorry excuse for a guitar
 This item is n't worth the shipping i spent on it . I tried my best to tune this guitar and could n't so i brought it to a professional who said it was nearly `` untuneable '' . This guitar may get you with the original and then the sale price but be warned . It appears that they take all the defective and mismanufactured parts to make your `` sale '' guitar . Do yourself a favor and please look at the object before buying an instrument especially for a beginner that way you know just what you are buying and that it will not be like this item was for me .
 SORRY that I bought Austin Bazaar Guitari was really disappointed about itThere were a lot of scratches and some dentsThe guitar looks like refurbished , look like if it was used before and shape qualityThe guitar in general not as i expected and not like what i read of some reviewit was a new year gift to my 11 years old daughteri am not planing to return it back and I will not west my time any moreI bought another one from Best Buy they have it on sell so my daughter started learning to play guitari will not advice any one to buy similar guitar , but you can buy if you like from eBay same one but $ 10 cheaper in totalSorry to west my money and my time for this toy
 I would just like to say that there is no way anyone should buY these cheap guitars . . im not kidding . . they dont tune right . . there cheap and dont play or sound liKE a guitar ... i waited a week and i got it the smorniNG and i was beyond dissapointed ... im a begginer and i would never play this . . i am returning right now.horrid horrid qualit flimsy cheap ... i am appaled at how horrid this is.its liek a guitar u would find in aplay set for a 2 year old ... tiny lightweight and very low quality . . i cant even stress how horrid it is . . i have nothing good to say . . even the cutaway isnt even cutaway anough to access any high notes wich makes the hole cutaway pointless.not even worth 10 dollers let alone 40 or the original price.wich i dont believe it was ever priced at that its just to get u to think ur getting a deal ...
 Wood not high quality , wreaked of spray paint , cheapest guitar ever constructed , will not tune ,2 sets of bad strings , had chips in the paint , also had a crack near the top of the fret board , the top two strings buzz no matter what , and the bridge slides and is n't fixed into place , nor have notches for the strings not to slide out of place . All in all a worthless product even for a beginner . I bought a Dean for -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks more that I 've had for years and is one of the best mini guitars I 've ever heard .
 I found this item to look the part very well.As a musician i can recognize the effort it took to make this guitar look great.As for quality of sound . I found it to be very poor but what do you expect for the price.However it should at least be tunable and have a fair sound to it.For a small child you would like to be able to have a instrument you can teach , play and tune , Im from TN and here we know what a guitar ahould sound like.My rating is two stars for this product .
 Come on people ! Stop falling for low price marketing when the actual price for this instrument should be $ 200 bucks . Please look at Selmer / Yamaha / Yanagiawa / Keilwerth / Vito for quality .
 finish is terrible - black paint smeared on frets - finish looks like it was done by a monkey . Worst thing I have ever seen - would be ashamed to go out in public with it - I wanted to return it immediately - I did n't expect this from amazon !
 I have seen this model up close and personal . All I can say is it is NOT worth the money and WILL fall apart in a month or so . A guitar is an instrument that takes hours upon hours to build properly . This is not what you should buy to learn on . It will discourage you from day one because it sounds terrible and is harder to play -LRB- poor design & construction -RRB- . The minimum price for a decent beginner guitar should fall somewhere between 300-400 dollars . Try Seagull , Yamaha , etc. . You can learn and grow with the instrument . This model is a waste of money and time .
 First of all , the neck was broken and could not be tuned ! Several cracks around the guitar were visible . The guitar looked nice from far away , but on a close look you could see all the defects that it had . Well i guess you get what you pay for ! I had to return it and got a refund . I ended up buying a Epiphone guitar instead .
 The guitar arrived in a very flimsy cardboard box with several chips and dings in it . The neck was warped and cracked to the point that the guitar was unusable . When I took it to the music store because I could not get it to tune was when they pointed out to me that the neck was cracked and very warped . I was highly dissatisfied with this experience . I recommend not dealing with these sellers .
 This item was delivered in the guitar box , identified as such , with no cover to disguise what was being recieved . Upon opening the box , all that was included was a guitar , strap and a pitch tuner . The guitar is definitely a second . It has a place where the paint has run on it and several chips and dings , with a piece of the wood missing out of the bottom . The guitar is very lightweight to the point of being fragile . I am highly dissatisfied with this purchase , BUYER BEWARE !
 I purchased this guitar for my son as he is taking a class in High School . I figured it would be a good `` learning '' guitar and got it as part of his birthday gift . Within the first two weeks of school the flimsy case broke and I had to spend more money to get a decent case for it . Now -LRB- only 15 days into the school year -RRB- the guitar is falling apart and is practically unusable . Now the company is telling me they do n't want to work with me because there are absolutely no returns after 30 days . DO NOT PURCHASE THIS GUITAR . I know it might seem like a good deal but I 've learned the hard way , `` You get what you pay for , '' and in this case it 's a piece of junk .
 Do not buy this guitar !!!! The price may seem good , but it is NOTHING like it is in the picture . The guitar I received was cheap , paint chipping off , the sound was horrible , I could barely tune it -LRB- and I know what I 'm doing ! -RRB- and when I sent it back for a refund -LRB- the next day -RRB- , I did n't get my money back within a month , or two months . I had to pester these people for a refund and they did n't give it to me in full -LRB- restocking fee -RRB- . Maybe if you want something cheap just to mess around with , this might be a good choice , but if you really want to play , do not buy this !
 The guitar you see in the picture is not the guitar you recieve.Before buying this product I advise you read all of the reviews because they alot say the same thing . So what is going to make your order different .
 What I thought was a good deal was not . 2 weeks after I received the guitar , the neck seperated from the body . The Box arrived in far far from good condition -LRB- poorly packaged for shipment -RRB- . The strap connection -LRB- on the rear of the guitar body -RRB- was plastic and broken upon receipt . I am currently awaiting a reply to my customer service inquiry .
 This flute was returned because of poor construction . The head joint was too loose and leaked air . The foot joint was too tight and required a hwrculean effort to assemble . It took from 9/17/07 to 10/20/07 to get my refund . I hope that this was not indicative of all of their flutes .
 Do not buy this flute , and in fact , do n't buy anything under the name of Cecilio . Sure , this flute was pretty , but mine broke apart before a year . It came apart piece by piece , starting at the foot . I take good care of my instruments . This flute was poorly made , and it just does n't feel like a quality flute . The sandblast makes it feel like a toy , and the tone is horrible . It 's not a good flute . Do n't buy it .
 Overall , I was very disappointed in this item ; there 's a reason it 's such a cheap price and they 're trying to get rid of them . It 's a smaller guitar than I expected , and the strings are poor quality nylon -- the 1E string snapped on me as I was tuning it , five minutes out of the box . Also , because it does n't have a trust board , you ca n't restring it steel strings . The `` tuner '' it comes with is just a pitch pipe -LRB- with a tinny sound at that -RRB- , and the other `` accessories '' are n't as great an added advantage as you 'd think . Personally , I returned this after the string snapped on me . I 'd recommend this guitar only if you 're an absolute beginner , and even then , you 'd probably want to learn on something a little more durable than this .
 This guitar is really cheap , so it doesnt surprise me that it 's made from a nameless company , the tuner is just a pitch pipe . The whole package is a sham , please buy the Yamaha C40 instead , save your money and dont but this .
 When this arrived I was pleased to find that there was a giant crack on the guitar . It appeared as though someone had stomped on it or something . It was dirt cheap so Im not gon na bother trying to fight to get my money back , but do yourself a favor and avoid this at all costs . The guitar was of horrible quality as well .
 I payed eighty plus dollars for this instrument , and when finally I recieved the guitar . The box was in a terrible condition , parts were missing , in general I was extremely displeased with the product that was sold to me .
 This guitar is really low quality , even for the price . The guitar did not come with the carrying bag and accesories as stated either . This may have been just a screw up with my order , but there was another complaint like mine under this seller 's feedback . The guitar smelled terrible , like chemicals . This guitar was a starter guitar for my son -LRB- which is why I did n't mind something lower quality -RRB- , but because of the smell , I do n't even want him to be near it .
 I am a beginner and bought this to try out my hand at guitar . So I wanted something cheaper to begin with . What I do n't like is that I ca n't get it in tune .
 I wish that I had researched this item before I puchased it . I thought it would be a good starter guitar for my daughter , but it does n't even qualify as that . Do n't waste your money on this !
 Buyers BEWARE ... do not buy this guitar . I purchased this guitar for my son and it has a very nasty odor to it . Smells like some strong chemical . I also bought a guitar for my daughter -LRB- pink baja -RRB- and it did not have this problem . I tried playing this guitar , but after 10 minutes I thought I was going to faint and my nose was burning so bad . I will be trashing this guitar and buying my son a different one . I do not need him to end up in the hospital with some kind of ventilation poisoning due to the chemicals used on this blue guitar -LRB- I 'm thinking it is from the varnish -RRB- . One more thing , this guitar is very cheaply made . I bought the pink baja and this one at a similar price . This blue guitar is a piece of junk that will be thrown away . Parents DO NOT buy this one for your kids ... buy something else .
 This guitar may look good on the internet , but it sucks in real life . When it came in , it had the wrong 3rd string . Even the spare third string was the wrong one . So i had to go out and buy the right string . The guy who sells these guitars makes them in his home . When you open the package it smells like spraypaint . I also had to chip some black paint off of the frets . Also the pick is cheap . So in my opinion this guitar is no good , so i suggest that nobody buys this product .
 You know this is a bad instrument if they call it a trumpet ! It literally says its a trumpet in the product description . Made in china garbage .
 It looked great but the sound is crappy . Would n't but another online until I could play same.Pay the money for a Yamaha .
 I just recieved the package and unfolded it . after 10 mins testing . I return it immediately . It always comes out wierd sounds escpecially in low pitch . I am just a beginner but I know I can not control this horn .
 This is a toy . Would n't ever want someone to learn on this guitar . Their first impressions most certainly would last . It was sent it back.Pros : - Price . You will get what you pay for.Cons : - Poorly made . Wood chips were all over the inside of it when received . The frets were plastic and were not glued on properly.-The wood look appeared to be sticker-like . - Sound quality hardly made it a guitar .
 I was disappointed with this rosin . It creates the grip , but produces a very noisy sound with my violin . Not worth purchasing . After trying this for the first time , I immediately went back to using Hill Light Rosin . Paying a few bucks extra for the Hill or other similar professional rosin is worth it .
 This is rosin . Ugh . What can I say ? I 've been using it for a couple months now and this rosin just sucks . It does n't grip the violin strings well at all and it produces so much dust . Good for beginners I guess but if you get this rosin youre going to need a cleaner to get all the dust off .
 I looked at one of these oboe 's and was surprised that these were called `` oboes '' . I do n't think the life expectancy of a Barrington to be morethan a year . I tried to post my disappointment on woodwind-brasswindonly to be shut down . I 've never in my life saw such a horribleinstrument -LRB- and I 've been playing oboe 's for approximately20 years now , in community bands -RRB- .
 I bought this guitar as a gift . When I pickrd it up from the post office I got charged another $ 27 . They told me it was because the sender did not pay the fupl shipping for the weight of the item . It did not come with a tuner . It also only has one notch for the strap so you ca n't even attach it on both sides . Useless .
 So i was so excited to get my guitar ... Its nice and all but i never got my careying bag or accessories . . Like really ?! But u get wat u pay for obviously
 I bought the guitar and accessories for my 11 year old girl for Christmas . Got the guitar but no carry bag nor accessories . Then the guitar has a terrible paint job where the paint had run on it and there is a dent on the side of the guitar . Next the strings were so loose they were about to come off . It should have been shipped in ready to play condition.I contacted customer service and they agreed to ship what they owed me and offered me a reimbursement of $ 3 for my time and aggravation . Really ? terrible product , horrible company to deal with . Do not by from these people .
 Mine came without the case or strap ! I gave it as a gift and did n't want to point out what was missing when they opened it otherwise I would have returned it . Not cool .
 We were looking for a mic to use for our stage plays and we thought that this could be the solution to our tight budget . The kids have to be very close to the mic for them to be heard . That defeats the purpose of getting these hanging microphones . It was a mistake buying this one , save your money and get something else .
 I bought this for my daughter to play with , but from the moment I got it , it was not what it appeared to be . There was no bag , pic guard , or accessories . They ultimatly sent me the bag after much persistance on my part . The guitar is not one you can really play . After only a few weeks -LRB- before my daughter even touched it -RRB- some of the frets , and things started falling off . They are only glued on ... Anyway , we were not able to use the item as expected . Beware if you buy this to play it . It 's only good for a display piece !
 There are many types of guitars . One of those types is a `` Classical '' guitar . This guitar has three steel strings , and three `` plastic '' strings . Some of the very best guitars in the world are made this way ... so that is n't a criteria for this guitar being a bad product ! -LRB- Though I 've read that there are other reasons this particular guitar is n't a good purchase ! -RRB- If you want all steel strings , you will need to purchase a `` steel string '' guitar , which is a different guitar than a classical ... both being good guitars .
 I bought this guitar for my daughter . She did n't like it . Then I return the guitar to the seller . But they never refund my money back .
 When we first got this item , it was very low quality . The scratches were covered with sharpies -LRB- magic marker -RRB- and the paint was already falling off . the bonds were also breaking and the guitar would not tune . this piece of whatever crushed the dream of my three children playing guitar . if they had a zero starred rating i wouldnt even give it a one starred rating . the case ripped the second day and no matter how much you stitch it , it will still rip even worse . the pick was the wrong pick . the strings were wrong and worn out . i would say worse but then this comment would be deleted . next time you buy a guitar , get advice from a guitar player and buy a brand name . trust me buying something else even though it is a lot of money , its worth it . it also is rusted.I agree what Dale Wayne Johnson said `` Stringed instruments need to be tuned every time you play them . Strings typically need to be replaced about twice a year , or more depending on how much you play . '' But it is not with this crap . It was out of tune during my kids playing .
 The bag does n't look big enough to fit my acoustic , the strings were rusted , and it was dirty on the body . I could see where it had been spray painted white as well . It took forever to get to me as well . It 's very light which I like . I would say you get what you pay for . This had a very cheap price and I do n't think it 's a very good acoustic guitar .
 Just got two of these `` things '' . Finish - Has runs and lots of defectsTuning - does n'tFinger Board - seen better wood in a shipping crate + No inlaysound - like a toyYou Realy Get What You Pay For . SO BUY SOMETHING ELSEOn the plus side great for smashing on stage !!!!
 This guitar is horrible . $ 50.00 I wish I did n't spend . You cant tune the guitar , it was n't the right color . The g string snapped 2 times , and the strings slip on the tuning device . Never buy . Buyers beware . Fraud .
 This guitar had large scratches in it . It also does n't stay tuned . Spend more and get a better guitar even if it 's for a beginner .
 this is an embarrassment on so many levels do not buy this and for those who do not read a review like I did n't oops !!!!!!!
 The wood -LRB- if its even considered wood -RRB- is so thin I feel like I 'll crush it whenever I pick it up . The frets are not even real , they are just raised notches , part of the fingerboard . When I tightened the strings to tune it , I kept hearing something crack . When I finally got it tuned , the strings look like they will unravel or break with the slightest touch . I know they say you get what you pay for , but even this was bad .
 The photo at the time of my purchase showed a nice O-Clamp design . I ordered 4 of these , and was upset to discover that they were actually C-Clamps with a screw in wing-nut which is likely to damage my aluminum truss . If you are looking for a C-Clamp style device to hang your lights , there is nothing wrong with this one , it just wo n't work for me.This is what I actually received
 I found that the head joint has some damage in that the metal is chipped where the head joint and body connect . Also I find it extremely difficult if not impossible to hit notes in the lower register that I had no problem hitting on my previous flute . I do not know if this is due to the damage at the head joint , my embrasure , the different make of the flute or a combination of these things . However , since I am only a casual player I can make the best of it , but it was dissapointing to find it damaged on my first time using it .
 The trumpet is not as advertised and pictured . My first thought was that they forgot to put the horn in the box , it was so light . It does not have the double braces shown . It does not have the third valve stop as shown . The pistons are not nickel alloy as stated , they are plated brass . The bores have sleeves inside of some unknown material . The valves felt like a toy . The second valve was extremely bouncy and sticky out of the box . There are rubber o-rings on the slides . I would n't buy this horn at any price , let alone 300 $ , which should be a good student instrument IMO . I do n't blame amazon . They have been good . But they netter keep better track of their suppliers and quloty control .
 Expensive program with almost no features other than what it says it does . Poor instructions on usage . I have had two months and have yet been unable to successfully utilize .
 This may be a fine product . It appears to do exactly what I need . Unfortunately , I 'm not able to launch the application . After buying direct from the Bias website on a Sunday afternoon -LRB- could have saved $ 50 buying form Amazon , but I 'm on deadline for a project -RRB- I am unable to authorize my legally purchased software . The application crashes during the authorization process . Since the software wo n't run without authorization , I 'm out of luck.I 've contacted tech support and submitted an email authorization request . I received an automatic response warning me that it may be 1 to 2 business days before I hear back from Bias . I might as well have ordered from Amazon.To be honest , if I had known that SoundSoap used this sort of software authorization scheme I probably would n't have purchased the product . This sort of restrictive DRM almost always harms legitimate consumers while doing nothing to stop piracy .
 The drum sounds are good , but this is just a toy . It dose n't work with garage band without crashing and it can only be programed to simple meters .
 This piece of software does n't function properly at all.It does n't work with Apple Logic , contrary to what is advertised.It was written by an amateur programmer , and crashes very often - about 1 out of 2 kits that you open will quit unexpectedly.For a software drum machine to contain mostly live and acoustic drum samples does n't make much sense since software is mostly used for electronic music . No trance , or electronic samples at all.All that for over 50 dollars makes idrum way overpriced.Also the graphics were stolen from Garageband.A program like that should be freeware , or at the very most shareware .
 First , this thing can only be programmed in 4/4 . And you ca n't quantize ; you 're stuck with 16 , 32 , or 64 beats per measure . Forget about a genuine swing beat . Also , I 'm sure there are tom-tom drums somewhere among the drum menus but I ca n't find them . There are about a million snare samples and countless squeaks , blips , honks , etc. . If you 're doing club stuff this is probably a useful bit of software but if you 're looking for something that resembles a drum machine you 'd use for rock/pop/roots demos , forget about it . My ancient Yamaha RX17 is much more useful .
 If you 're serious about programming drums , do yourself a favor and buy Reason . Redrum , reason 's drum machine , is soo much more programmable , not to mention it lets you edit waaay more parameters than iDrum does and it comes with a BUNCH of samples . As an added bonus , reason has soo much more stuff for you to play with if you ever get the urge to add anything else to your songs .
 I recently bought an iMAC and was excited to use garageband . I needed a drum machine so I bought this program this program in the apple store . Within minutes of use I realized this is complete garbage . If you are looking to make rock beats with this just turn the other way and start walking . This program is meant for soldier boy or some other artist who utilizes fake sounds into repetitious beats .
 I bought this in a store so I ca n't return it ... oops . Very basic and does not integrate well with logic , but even if it did I would n't use it because Logic 's built in drum machine is better anyways . Just get the demo if you do n't believe me .
 After days of frustration - and with little help from the customer support department at Izotope - I was finally able to get this product to funtion properly . I was unable to change the rating above , but in fairness , I will give this product three stars . For the money , it does quite a bit . My main useage is to bring up , or `` maximize '' the levels of my final mixes which Ozone 3 does fairly well , but not quite as good as the comparable Waves L1 . Izotope needs to address its customer support department . No one should have to be on hold for an hour and then be disconnected at their closing time as I was .
 At first , this controller worked great . After a couple hours of use however , the batteries were dead . I replaced the batteries -LRB- SIX AA !! -RRB- and after using it a while I noticed some notes get stuck -LRB- some notes randomly sustain indefinitely , most likely the note-off midi message never reaches the computer . -RRB- I contacted the m-audio tech support and their solution was to power the controller with the supplied ac adaptor -LRB- making it no longer wireless . -RRB- Soon after the batteries ran out again , after only another couple hours of use , and I had the bright idea of putting in rechargable batteries . DO N'T TRY THIS . The ones I tried got stuck and now one is jammed in forever . This is n't a very reliable keyboard , whether it be limitations in wireless technology or not . Expect to pay a lot for batteries . I would recommend a Keyrig 25 as a wired alternative .
 I got this guitar for Christmas from my mom . I ca n't tell her but I can certainly let everyone else know that this guitar is complete and utter garbage . I unpacked the guitar and tuned it . One of the strings popped first thing . Next thing I noticed is that there is fret buzz on about four different frets along the neck . I also noticed the neck is drastically twisted towards the head . It sounds terrible no matter what you do to it . I strongly recommend spending about $ 30-50 and getting something a little better -LRB- no offense to my mom -RRB- .
 Poorly constructed and not for anyone past the first day-of-use-beginner ! Very upset with this and should have opened it before I gave it to my niece . Spots were covering the finish that had to be removed by rubbing vigorously , one of the strings broke as she tried to use it . The fretts are uneven . I buy much from Amazon and was so disappointed in this quality . Do not buy this .
 Lots of string buzz if you try to pop it on and start playing.You can get it to play without the strings buzzing , but not without some trial and error.Ditched this and bought a Kyser which works like a charm .
 I think the tips are too small . The sticks should be as thick as an adult drumstick but shorter . I 'm afraid these will make a hole in the drums .
 I ordered this for my sons birthday , the package arrived empty . He did not get his drumsticks after I promised that he would . He was sad and I looked like a real bad
 The service was wonderful . The trombone produced great sound . The only problem is the slide . I had to ask for a replacement but the replacement did not match the trombone so I had to file it down in order to connect it with the trombone . And very soon the inside of new slide started to rust as well . It is really a pity . It gets harder and harder to pull the slide that you really ca n't play your instrument easily .
 This item came on time , but the hinges do not attach . It is not broken , it was just built poorly
 This is by far the worst product I have ever bought . First of all sound is worst that a cell phone , just sounds scratch and noise . Volume and tone control wont even work . The box is heavy and loose.I read many reviews about this producto , either I have bad luck buying a deffective product or as my friends say , Crosley people are the ones writing positive reviews about this.Wont ever buy a crosley product again .
 Basically everything in the product information is true . But , pegs do have an excessive tendency to slip out of thir holes . It is nice that the rosin is included , but it would better if they peg drops were included too since the pegs seem to be so loose . Also , I ordered a black violin but the wood on the other side of the fingerboard is unpainted . Buyer beware
 the damn case did not have that wine red color inside , it came with a different color , kind of yellow . rosin was completely dry , the painting was not entirely finished , there 's a section in the back of the intrument that was not painted ! I know it was a cheap product but I wanted to give it as a gift to a friend and well ... it was not completely finished . DO NOT BUY !
 I bought this violin in hopes of a having decent beginner 's product ... maybe to last a year or more . However , upon close inspection of the violin , I noticed some fatal design flaws . Not only did my violin have less than acceptable measurements -LRB- i.e. fingerboard projection , height of bridge to E/G strings -RRB- - which I ca n't blame on the manufacturer due to the price - but the sound post was BENT and poorly attached . Not a little bent , but SEVERELY crooked - I would guess close to a 10-15 degree angle - which is , needless to say , not acceptable . I may have just gotten a lemon , but this renders my particular violin a short-term instrument , or as I would put it , a waste of money . A beginner may not notice the differences in tone/sound -LRB- particularly wolf tones -RRB- a violin with a bent sound post produces , but I assure you , any bystander would -LRB- and there is a serious risk of the violin breaking -RRB- . I understand this is a budget instrument , but if all these violins come so shabbily built , a serious beginning player is FAR better off monetarily by purchasing a decent student instrument in the $ 150 - $ 200 range ; sending a $ 50 violin to get adjusted is silly . I invite the manufacturer to comment ; and to everyone else - do n't make my mistake - learning to play violin/fiddle is a serious commitment necessitating a serious investment in a quality instrument . Try to buy at a shop where you can inspect the damn thing !
 I could n't get this violin to sound right even though I had a music store tune it . I had a professional violinist look at it and he said it is just too poor of quality to make any sort of nice quality sound . Never buy a cheap maple violin like this one if you intend to actually play it . The bow is also very very poor quality and does n't grip the strings well . The Rosin that it comes with is also garbage . The only thing good about this is it has a nice case and the paint on the violin looks pretty . I put it on display but it 's kind of embarrassing to tell someone you bought a violin you ca n't play . Other then a pretty display this is the worse $ 70 I have ever spent .
 I will be completely honest , I am an alternative model , so the use of this violin was simply for prop purposes , however after my photos shoot , I was going to hand this violin over to a friend who was interested in becoming a player ... WELL ... I 'm no violin musician , but I can tell a piece of crap when I see it ! Like I said , I only used it for photos ... but tuning wise ... when I go to tighten the knobs , the little bastards wont stay in place and in general its just poorly made ...
 I gave this violin 1 star because it is more of a decoration than an instrument . I would have returned it if shipping was free . Wont tune & everything is loose . Spend the extra money if you want to actually play it .
 This is a solid flute , let me say that first , however there is little else good about it because of the placement of the finger holes.I am 6ft 3 and have average sized hands for my size , however , I ca n't cover the finger holes for this flute effectively at all . I do n't see anybody being able to play this thing effectively except for a person with gigantic hands . If they can get past that part , it has a good sound , amazingly enough for a cheap flute , but it a massive obstacle that many will not be able to over come .
 First off , the color is cerulean , not dark blue . Second , it did n't come with a bridge , but when they sent the bridge , it did not have those notches or spaces to put the strings in , and the poor quality wood gave me a splinter . Third , Half of the dang instrument is n't even real wood . Fourth , the string came out of one of the pegs . Fifth , I found many other violins for the same price as this piece of crap to be real maple and ebony wood , and have everything included . Sixth , the bow hair was stained red . Seventh , the paint they used on the violin was cheap and looked as if it would fade very soon . Eighth , The fingerboard had oil on it . -LRB- So far , it looks like it was used -RRB- Ninth , three bow hair pieces already came out the day I took the violin out of the box . Tenth , the red case pictured above was really tan when it had arrived . Eleventh , the strings are really cheap and are not at all intended for professionals or something to last long . Twelfth , the rosin I received was all messy and already used , and some of it was chipped . Thirteenth , the leather on the bow hair where you put your index finger when playing is coming off . Fourteenth , the lines on the outside look like someone just ran a sharpie across to make it . Fifteenth , this thing is a complete waste of money !!!!
 I bought this product thinking it would be a good beginners violin for myself . My standards were kind of low ... and I have to say that when I received this package I was disappointed .1 . -RRB- The color you see in the picture is not correct . It 's more of a -LSB- really shiny -RSB- blueish-green . It 's not a pretty color . Plus , it was n't painted very well . There are paint dots where a clump has dried , on the front ! 2 . -RRB- The strings where tangled up . Took me forever to fix it .3 . -RRB- The strings were not placed in the correct order to begin with . -LSB- 1243 ? -RSB- 4 . -RRB- String 1 -LSB- being G -RSB- was broken at the top close to the peg -- and could n't be correctly tuned .5 . -RRB- I could n't get one of the pegs to stay in its place.All in all , the violin I received made my low standards seem like a far-off distant place . Unreachable by the violin entirely.However , I do actually believe that if you restring it as soon as you get it -- it might not seem so bad . The bow is pretty durable . Also , the wood is nice . Better than some .
 We opened this violin past the return date -LRB- was a Christmas present for our daughter -RRB- and found that one string would not stay on or tightened . After 30 minutes of trying it out , another string broke . I am really disappointed and have no options because of the company 's return policy -LRB- no returns for any reason after 30 days -RRB- .
 I was very excited to buy this violin . However , when a friend who has been playing for 12 years broke it while tuning it I became very upset . The company will not refund my money because it is not in resaleable condition , though it broke in the first fifteen minutes I had it in my possesion .
 It 's a good Violin for a kid but if you are an adult save your money and get something better . Do n't be cheap ~
 Purchased a violin via Amazon from Austin Bazaar , what a rip off!Arrived with the bow broken , bridge is warped , tail piece is cheap plastic instead of wood , and it would not carry a true note if you gave it a bucket!Looking forward to my cc statement !
 Quite junky . The nylon/plastic cord holding the tailpiece to the violin is fighting the string tension with only 2 brass nuts THREADED onto the cord . Who threads a soft plastic cord ? Anyhow , the nuts kept slipping , as did the plastic pegs . Prepare for a fight when this thing gets unwrapped .
 My daughter bought this with a gift card and was so excited , until it showed up . It was broken , strings undone , rosin was just dust . I tried to fix it and figured it just was n't worth it . It is very cheaply made . You 'd be better off buying a plastic pretend violin .
 This is my first time writing a review . However I felt the need to help someone else . I was totally disappointed with this product . I had to constantly bring it to a specialist repair shop to try to keep the pegs in place . It was impossible , so it resulted in the violin being constantly out of tune . Very discouraging , and destroyed my enthusiasm to play !
 Antonio Stradivari would have called this `` kindling '' . Recommendation is to reconsider . Go with quality at the outset , no matter the level of the player .
 i play cello , and also violin and piccolo - i purchased this cause i wanted a easy and cheap violin to carry around and not damage ... IT was great at first ... as soon as i put on the bridge ... it went downhill from their . Their Rosin wasnt even rosin -LRB- no joke -RRB- , it didnt work . I realized that there were small cracks inside the interior -LRB- looking through the F holes -RRB- but i didnt take that serious considering that it was a cheap violin . But as soon as i played , the instrument was unresponsive , it wasnt because of the bow -LRB- i ended up using my expensive bow -RRB- - it was because of the horrible bridge and soundpost . I thought to myself '' `` no worries '' '' and kept moving on . When i tried finding my mute that i ordered . it wasnt even their . AND THE WORST PART ... i sent a email to them and their was no RESPONSE ... its been almost a year and half and heck ... still non . Worst crap i ever spent . i felt pretty bad , cause my friend got a violin for the same price on amazon , and it was like a regular intermediate-advanced student model vilion . he was happy-but i never told him how mine turned out cause it was so bad . And also , my strings snapped by the third week , and i barely plucked on it -LRB- it was the E string -RRB- if u want to get this violin as a toy for 1 to 8 year olds go ahead ... they can play and break it all they want ... but still their wont be a difference/if u want to get this for anyone who wants to GET READY for violin , but not quite yet play , i would give this for a gift , and maybe if ur lucky - it might last u for a year in begginersTRUST ME , most of the other reviews are from inexperienced parents who have no idea what their dealing with and go along to pretend that their a part of something ... just dont listen.I KNOW Im being so rude , its just that just a week ago , my violins frame and every part except the scroll and finger board came apart and it wasnt cause i left it out somewhere in a harsh enviroment , and ofcourse all the strings came off - and not to mention the bow had half of its hair left.OK JUST REMEMBER ... buy this as a toy for a child to get ready to learn violin ... SO , if u have a child that is about to enter 6th grade - where he/she will learn to play violin . . buy this violin to learn the basics in 5th grade , so buy 6th grade he is exerienced ... then UPGRADE TO SOMETHING THAT WILL CARRY HIM ON FOR ATLEAST 4 YEARS ... then buy something worthy of his skil -LRB- $ $ -RRB- please please take this advice , this will probably be the best on here trust me
 I do n't like this violin . First of all the stringPopped and went into my skin . And it 's really light . I thought it would be better . Well you get what you pay for .
 I 've learned my lesson . What an embarrassment to have my husband open this Christmas morning and it was broken ! The chin rest was cracked in half . I was very unsatisfied with the quality of this product . You can definitely tell that it is a very inexpensive product . It felt like a piece of cardboard with some cheap strings on it . You get what you pay for .
 My son 's violin teacher took one look at this violin and told me to return it immediately . You 'll do a lot better going to a local music store and spending a few more dollars . This is very cheaply made , and not up to standards . If you want your kid to learn violin , do n't handicap him/her at the beginning . I wil say , though , that the company took the violin back without any argument . Thus my 2 stars .
 Gorgeous violin ! -LRB- the rating is supposed to read 5 stars -RRB- Much better-looking than many I 've seen . I 've had this violin for a month and a half and it just gets better and better . The bridge does come detatched but I was able to install it myself - it 's easy . I called a violin store and asked them how I install it and they gave me these directions
 I purchased the violin thinking it would be ready to use - we had to spend an additional $ 20 to get the violin set up to use , at which time the gentlemen told me that it looked like someone had already tried setting it up - dont know much about violins , but if it isnt ready to be used right away , the advertisement should state that . Rosie
 There was nothing redeemable about this toy violin . In essence , it is a toy . Nothing about it was substantial , it arrived partially damaged , and was impossible to fix . Awesome job guys .
 I wanted to give a gift to my neighbour for a special day . He is a musician , so I ordered a violin which never reached in my hand , the purchase was canceled and return the money . So I very much dissopointed .
 I have received the item very quickly , but I found that the ` Sound box ' was broken.I have given that Violin to repair at a local store . I am paying three times more I saved by purchasing online .
 After seeing several positive reviews , I decided to purchase this for my wife , who played violin for years when she was younger . You do receive a violin that is nice and shiny -- which is what some people consider to be a sign of quality . Look closer and you see some serious issues . The top piece and bottom piece are both made of laminated wood -LRB- make just like plywood -RRB- and anyone with some acoustic knowledge can confirm that this will never produce a good sound -- even with Dominant perlon-core strings as another reviewer suggested . Plus , the heavy finish I mentioned , while looking pretty to most people , also ruins the sound.Another sad fact is the quality of the components . The fingerboard is n't ebony , or any sort of durable wood -- it is painted black and easily dented with a fingernail . To fix this , it would be more than the cost of a much higher quality violin . The peg holes for the D-string tuner were drilled oversize on my instrument and the far end of tuning peg protrudes more than 1/4 '' out of one side of the pegbox in order for it to fit . To fix that , you would need to re-bush the hole , which again is cost prohibitive . The pegs do slip , much more than they should . The frequent tunings , even after several months of use , made playing this even less tolerable and is another reason I am discouraging it 's use by beginning players . The bridge is a generic , poorly cut piece , which will need to be professionally adjusted and fitted unless you have some experience . To properly set up this instrument you will end up spending $ 35 - $ 50 on top of the purchase price plus the cost of new strings . You are much better off buying something much better , even if means you need to add another $ 100 to your credit card bill.I was surprised that any violin teacher would say the sound from this instrument is good . As you would expect , this violin has a muddy sound and it does n't resonate well at the higher frequencies . Before you get upset , I know the music world is full of snobs but I 'm not one of them . I would never suggest that any violin with a price tag less than $ 1,000 is a toy and I 've played enough instruments to know there is little reason the average/beginning player needs to spend over $ 500 for a quality violin . Prior to the internet , a $ 900 violin was usually a $ 300 violin which was marked up by the store owner . Now , it 's not too hard to find that same instrument for $ 350 from an online retailer . The same applies for entry-level instruments which used to retail for $ 500 , they are now available for under $ 200Yes , it 's cheaper than anything around . Yes , you get a case ... but with a $ 150 violin outfit you get something that is much higher quality , is easier to use , and will provide better sound . For beginning instruments , there are several good choices and you 'll be happier as the years go by if you bypass this in favor of something slightly more expensive -- but many times better . Please check out the violins made by Bonn , Helmke , or Cremona -LRB- unfortunately some of these brands are n't sold on Amazon -RRB- . All have solid spruce tops , real purfling , better hardware , better bows , and some vendors even properly set up the instrument for free prior to shipping it . You will find very good instruments in an affordable -LRB- $ 100 - $ 200 -RRB- price range , which is what you would have invested in this piece from Austin Bazaar when you consider the purchase price and the additional costs needed to make it playable .
 I read the numerous reviews on this violin before purchasing it , thinking it was a great value for a great violin . It shipped super fast-less than a week , but when I received it , there was no `` Austin Bazaar Product Guide . '' I had to look up online everything from installing the bridge to tuning to tightening the bow . What I soon found out is that the bridge does not come with notches in the top for the string to fit it . I had to figure that out for myself . But the basic installation was easy . The bow came with a broken hair but that was okay , I know that happens with the bow . Also , I was a little upset with the general look of the violin . There was dust all around the strings from the f-holes that looked to have just been sawed out before the violin was placed in the box , they look a little rough . Also the neck of the violin is not stained . It is a very light wood color , almost the same color as the bridge-this is not depicted on this website . Also , around the edges it is barely stained , with edges and corners completely lacking any color . I am still yet to sit down and actually try to play it , but hopefully it will sound better than it looks !
 Beware ! Looks NOTHING like photo ! Was excited when we ordered it only to be let down when we opened the box to find a very thin wood , delicate , cheap made violin that was in a dusty case that is nothing like the stock photo ! I wanted to cry because my teenage son had saved his money to buy his girlfriend a birthday present and this is what he had chose . He had called everyday from his church vacation trip to see if it had arrived ... I felt soooo bad for him . . It was n't worth the trouble to return it , with shipping and restocking fees ... Such a let down ... does n't deserve the one star in my opinion !
 my wife bought this violin thinking it 'd at least be good enought to learn on . however , the bridge is so crappy that it is almost impossible to play the 2 inner strings . most violins have a `` tent '' shape , allowing you to play each individual string seperately . this violin has flat and high action , making it extremely hard to play . save up your money and get a real violin if you 're at all serious about playing .
 This is a STUDENT violin . It 's very cheap and you should n't expect anything fancy.That being said , I have a few things to address here.The good : This violin is exactly what I needed as a beginner . It works . I 'm not worried about great tone and expression right now . If you or your child is trying to start playing violin from scratch , as an absolute beginner , this is a decent choice for you.But shop around first . I bought this one almost on impulse because it was such a good price , but I somewhat regret that now . I see other beginner packages on here which , for the same price , only include a bow and a case . This tells me that everything included is of a higher quality than this one . And once you read the negative part of my review , you 'll understand what I mean.The BAD : Unfortunately , the bad outweighs the good here . As stated above , I wish I had bought a different beginner set . The reason is that this one is simply TOO cheap . Everything included in the set had to be replaced except for the violin itself and the case . So yes , for about 50 or 60 bucks , you 'll get all this new stuff . But then you 'll end up spending another 40 or 50 replacing the bow , strings , and rosin.I saw a lot of people saying how hard it was to get a sound out of their bow , and a lot of people having trouble getting the right amount of rosin on the bow . First of all , one very important thing that I did n't see in any review is that you need to score -LRB- or scratch -RRB- the surface of the rosin . Sandpaper is ideal , but a knife or even a key will work just fine . You have to break up the surface so the powder will stick to the strings.Well , let me tell you something . I spent LITERALLY over a week trying to get this bow to work . The rosin that comes with it is cheap and brittle . But after replacing the bow AND the rosin , I 've gained some perspective . The problem with this set is the bow itself . I 've used 3 kinds of rosin -LRB- including a somewhat expensive name brand one -RRB- and I have pinpointed the problem . The hair on the bow -LRB- which I assume is synthetic rather than actual horsehair -RRB- WILL NOT take any rosin . None , period . If I scored the rosin to the point that there was a pile of dust on it , then rubbed the S % # 7 out of it , I could get a clean sound for about 2 inches of the bow 's length . Then I had to repeat this process all the way down the bow . I ALMOST got half of the bow to work , then gave up . I was n't sure if it was me or not , but after replacing the bow , I know that this was the problem . With a decent bow -LRB- another $ 30 -RRB- and decent rosin -LRB- another $ 20 -RRB- and new strings I get a good clean sound . It was a massive annoyance.I put a new set of D'Addario strings on it when I got the new bow , just to see what this little thing was capable of . And I 'll tell you the truth , with good rosin , good strings , and a good bow , this violin sounds pretty damn good . But only after spending an EXTRA 60 or so dollars.Also , for some reason , ViolinSmart accidentally sent me 2 violins . I was n't charged for it and they emailed me a UPS packing slip to return it , so I did n't pay a dime for shipping ; but this gave me even more insight into how cheap theses violins are . I had seen a few reviews on here saying that people received their violin broken or with pieces rattling around inside . Well , now I know those people are telling the truth . One of the 2 violins I received had a dowel rod bouncing around inside the body of the violin . Fortunately , I was able to open the other one and just keep that . But if they had just sent me that one , I would have been furious having to return it . So beware.IN SHORT : This is a very cheap violin , it is very cheaply made from cheap materials . EXPECT PROBLEMS !! At the VERY least , you will have to replace the bow and rosin before you can even produce a real sound . I thought I was going crazy . I watched like 30 online how-to videos for rosining your bow and how to hold it and bla bla bla . I was convinced I was doing something wrong , but I could n't figure out what it was . Then I got a real bow and the sound JUMPS out of this thing . That 's almost enough not to buy it in the first place.But like I said , once it was set up properly and I had a new bow , it sounds pretty good and it 's great for a beginner . Just be extremely patient -LRB- this is a very tough instrument to play in general -RRB- and do n't be surprised if you have to buy a new bow or replace the whole thing as soon as you open it .
 I 've had a few violins over the years and wanted to get back to trying to hack my way thru some tunes ... I bought this one cuz I 'm broke and forty bucks is crazy cheap . First the good ... The case is really nice . Its probably what your paying for . It has two shoulder straps to go along with it . Great for the price ... The not so good . . . The bow for starters is kinda crappy . Even with the tension screw backed all the way off its still at full tension . Not great considering it wants to bounce when u play . I took it apart and it looks like the slot was n't routed far enough to allow proper adjustment.The violin itself is pretty from a couple feet away but in your hands its another story . The varnish has runs in it . Big runs that are pretty ugly . The fingerboard on mine actually has space under it on the nut side of the e string . Maybe a four year old was on the glue line the day they made mine ... the `` purfling '' is painted on and the lines do n't even touch . The neck is supposed to be natural but there 's a big brown fingerprint of the body stain right in the middle of it under the clear coat . The fingerboard is pearwood or something which I knew when I bought it but it must have been kicked around the shop floor before they picked it up and glued it onto this violin . Big gouges and some saw marks still visible . The body has nicks and gouges in it that they just finished right over . It might have taken 3 minutes to sand them out but apparently that 's too much time to waste when your stamping out a million of these a day ... All in all its a fiddle . It cost me forty bucks so my expectations were n't that high but it could have been better . Maybe fifteen minutes of detail work and this would have been a superb looking instrument . Sound is fine . Little high on the action but I can fix that.Whatever ... it got me playing again for cheap . If that 's what your after then buy it . Just do n't get your hopes up for it to look like anything worth having ...
 This was for my daughter in the 7th grade , you get what you pay for so if you are expecting something more than a very inexpensive violin , get something else . It 's working fine for her now , but out of the box the strings broke as the music teacher set it up , then it would not hold tune so we had to purchase additional parts to keep the knobs tight to keep the instrument in tune . I read the same complaints from others , bad strings and tuning knobs -LRB- not sure what they are called , but the part that the strings wrap around that you tighten to tune the strings -RRB- so I expected it , but what do you want for the price . The case is also very flimsy , not much protection offered at all . And ok yea , as other stated , the rosin was a joke .
 I bought this as a Christmas gift and it is just not acceptable to give as a gift.The varnish is high gloss and has drip marks on it . The black paint is badly applied and there is a streak of black paint on the unfinished part of the neck . The paint on the scroll at the bottom of the tuners very messy . There are also white spots where varnish is missing.I am returning the item despite the 20 % restocking fee charged by the seller .
 OK Violin but strings in needed to be adjusted - not spaced correctly . Bow a terrible disappointment , Horse hairs fell apart straight away .
 I bought this violin for my granddaughter and while the instrument itself was adequate the wrong violin was shipped and I found it extremely difficult to resolve the issue . It took many e-mails and several weeks before I had the correct size violin . Many of my e-mails were ignored and no one answered the phone once I tracked the number down . I was also mis-informed about the shipping date . I will not use this company again .
 Violins are the most beutiful interesting instruments . They come in all shapes , sizes , colors , and price tags . This violin I bought when I first started out . It is the perfect violin to see how dedicated you are to the instrument , since it has a very cheap price tag . I recommend to all begginers this violin , but only for their first few months or year depending on their progress . The violin does have a major fault in that the action . Meaning the strings are to far off the fingerboard so it 's hard to play in the higher positions . So I recommend sanding down the bridge until the strings are all 1/8 of an inch off the fingerboard at the end of the fingerboard . Other than that flaw the violin is perfect for young kids since it is a very durable violin and not to mention cheap , and always remember the violin does n't make the music as much as the violinist makes the violin make music .
 I too loved the color of this violin . I purchased it so that I could take lessons with my son . However , it is not worth the price . When I received it , the bow was put in wrong and some of the strings were snapped . The bridge was too thick and kept popping off every time I tried to tune it and the resin was old and dried out . And finally , one of the pegs was poorly constructed and would not tune . Needless to say , I ended up spending money to buy a new bow , resin , bridge and have the peg fixed so I spend the same amount of money I would have had I bought one from a reputable music store . Buyer Beware !
 Parents , you may be thinking , oh at what a low price it 's soo good ! NO ... it 's too good to be true . Buy your kids a more worthwhile instrument if you are going to buy them one here at all . Even though the price is low ... it can hinder your child 's process and make it harder for them to play . Not only that , but buying a better instrument can get better tone AND has a lesser chance of warping , which can lead to VERY high costs . So really , buy a better instrument and do n't think just because the price is right that this is a good violin . There are cheaper violins out there -LRB- ie . $ 150 -RRB- at places like Shar . * Just a thought *
 I was n't expecting an amazing , professional violin but I was expecting an instrument that would actually work . For one thing it looks awful ; they only paint the scroll and body of the violin , very poorly at that , leaving the neck completely bare . The pegs are WAY too loose . You expect the pegs to be somewhat loose , but this is ridiculous . It makes tuning almost pointless ! And they try to rationalize that problem by saying , ` The strings need time to stretch but after they do it will make tuning last longer . ' What a load of crap . The violin was also very warped on the right side which caused the bridge to loudly pop off the many times I had to tune the stupid thing . The resin is this tiny little circle , with a diameter of like 1/2 maybe 1 inch . I could hardly get it onto the bow , which is obviously important since it 's needed to make friction on the strings therefore making the sound . Surprisingly , the bow was actually pretty good , what I would expect for the price . One of my strings have already snapped and I 'm not going to keep this piece of junk and it 's problems . Ultimately it was a huge mistake . I was able to use it for about 5 hours and I guess it 's good that I was able to for that amount of time b/c I 'm now sure that I want to learn violin but it 's not worth losing money . Just get a high quality violin or get no violin at all , it 's not worth the hassle .
 I purchased this instrument for my sister for Christmas , she 's always wanted to learn . It arrived in plenty of time but will not keep tuned . Very disappointing . It was very cheaply made and the tuning knobs were plastic . The only plus was the case that came with it . It 's a very nice case .
 This is a horrible , how quality violin and the shipper is not a company that wants to work with their customers to help resolve any problems with shipping damages or anything else .
 First one , the right cd player quit reading cd 's after four times of use . It was returned to Numark for repair and returned to us four months later still with the same problem . They sent a new one that was used twice . Now neither one of the cd players will read cds . If it does , it takes 10 minutes to read them and then it plays 1 second of the song and then skips back to the beginning . All cd 's used are in excellant condition ! Its not the cd 's . . its the product . . VERY POOR !
 This mixer does not have a BPM counter AT ALL . AND the cd players do not read burned cds . I plan to sell my mixer and will think twice before I buy another Numark product . This thing is a piece of junk .
 Wow . If you like to gamble , go for it . I think I am done with Numark . The first dual CD mixer was the Karaoke version . It lasted about 4 months and then stopped reading the CD 's . Thought after 2 years to give this one a try as backup for my other gear . I received it yesterday . Plugged it in and everything worked fine . Tonight I hooked everything up and the left CD did not read the disc . I tried a few others , then it read one . The right player read all CD 's . Then I noticed that the right player would make CD noises through my amp to the speakers . Every time I advanced the track , it would make noise . When I got the Left player to read and play , it did not make noise when advancing tracks . NOT A GROUND LOOP.I would stay away . In my business you do n't get second chances . When the Bride and Groom are ready to be introduced and the player does nothing . Just picture that and you should have no problem making your decision .
 A cheap unit and poor quality parts . You get what you pay for . The CD players in this product are exceedingly unreliable . I am on my second unit . One CD player immediately failed in the first and both CD players have now failed in the second -LRB- within 2 months of delivery -RRB- . Terrible ! I will look to another manufacturer for my next mixing console .
 Man , Let me get right to tha point , I 'm on my second Numark Cd Mix -LRB- I previously had the Cd Mix1 -RRB- . I currently have the Cd Mix2 . The reason I have a Cd2 is because the Cd Mix1 started freezin up one the left side and not playing . Also , it would play a song for about a minute and then just stop or start over again in the middle of a song . How embarassing !! I 'm currently having the same problem but on the right side this time with my Cd Mix2 . So , u know I 'm not going to buy or try the Cd Mix3 because this time both cd sides probably will start freezin up and starting over . I wonder about the CD MixDeck by Numark , HMMMn ? for $ 699 w/o a case It betta play Cassettes ! LOL ! Come on Numark lets get it Together ! Oh yeah , I almost forgot , Please purchase the Warranty !!! if u still plan to buy a Numark product ; do n't worry u will use and need it !!
 This was very inexpensive and it showed in the quality . The ` amp ' was little more than a small speaker w / a line-in hole . The guitar had some rough edges and scratches , but we got what we paid for . Had I to do it again I 'd go the music store route . Little difference in price and w / an instrument , perception of the potential player is oh so important - especially in a young one .
 I bought the Austin Bazaar red colored mini guitar for my son and according to his music instructor it is absolutely useless . It can not be tuned because of the placement of the bridge . It looks cute but is now just another toy . I now have to spend money to but my son a guitar he can use for his guitar lessons . Do n't waste your money .
 poorly package and broken when received . now , i had to pay for return shipping . that was 1 1/2 weeks ago . we 'll see if the next is okay ... they better package it better .
 This nay flute makes a fun souvenier , but a poor musical instrument . It is not made of a single piece of bamboo or reed as nay flutes are supposed to , but rather have several bamboo segments glued together , decreasing the sound quality . It is also not a scaled instrument , so playing traditional nay music is almost impossible . However , if you want a pretty flute to display that is also inexpensive , this could what you are looking for .
 I recently bought a PG-56 from `` miss-mdm '' -LRB- the seller -RRB- . The product did not arrive in the right conditions . The packaging was open and there were missing some `` included '' items , the bag -LRB- pouch -RRB- was missing , the drum clip was missing -LRB- sold separately in AMAZON at $ 15 -RRB- , and the XLR cable does not seem to match the original SHURE-quality cables , -LRB- the canon connectors are cheap -RRB- . Taking into consideration the obviously mishandled package I would even dare to believe the mic is not completely brand-new , some tiny dents in the Mic may also suggest that ... Terrible Choice , the mic seems to work fine , but the rest was a awful surprise ! I have been buying from Amazon for years and it is the first time I receive and article in such condition !!
 It is too bad that you can not inspect items before they are shipped out . I got my mallets at a good price and to me in 2 days . I suppose the reason I got a good price was because the sticks for the mallets were warped and not straight . Shame on me . Maybe next time I will just buy them in the store so I know what I will be getting . Beware you may get factory seconds on these if you buy them from Amazon .
 This is an M-16 . Ak 's dont have a carry handle.thank younavy & marine
 I wanted a USB recording interface so I could record a little for fun and also for the benefits of USB audio output . This device looked like it fit the bill perfectly , and feature-wise , I think it does . Everything sounds great on paper - 96KHz/24-bit audio , dual mic preamps , phantom power , nice flat dials , USB-powered for portability , and good styling.Those things are all true . It really is a cool little interface , and it worked nicely when it did . My favorite part was the audio quality
 I had the first generation of this and they quit making drivers for it . Just keep it in mind as you buy it and expect to keep it for awhile . I contacted Tascam and they told me to just buy a new one.Nice
 Have you ever needed to install a driver for a keyboard or mouse ? Probably not . How about a memory stick ? Of course not ; they just plain work.Basic USB devices should just work when you plug them in . The USB standard defines how those devices interact with the operating system . As long as the device understands that standard language , the OS 's built-in drivers should be able to use it.For that reason , USB audio devices usually work seamlessly with * any * operating system , open or proprietary . The US-122l gets one star for being the exception to that rule.With the 3rd-party ALSA driver on Ubuntu 10.04 , this device rates `` disappointing . '' Sound quality is a huge improvement from my laptop 's integrated audio
 Unfortunately , there is no size information given for this bell , and it turns out to be VERY tiny -LRB- two inches tall -RRB- and there is no cow on the bell , contrary to what is pictured on this site . Perhaps I should have known better - why is a medical device company selling bells through amazon ? Do n't be fooled - this is very likely not the bell you want .
 This product is a complete piece of junk . Not only did it not work on my Vista computer or my wife 's iMac but also it does n't have the features it claims on the box ! I finally did get something to happen on a friends XP machine but in the end it screwed up my iPod . It told me that my iPod was damaged so I let it fix it . Well it fixed it all right , so good that the iPod had to be reformatted before it would play music again . Tech support is abysmal also , no answers from the emails I sent and the website just lists the product 's requirements.My specific issues with this product :1 -RRB- Can damage your iPod2 -RRB- It says it can edit and combine music files . This is an absolute lie . There is no functionality for this .3 -RRB- It does not work with the iPhone or iPod touch4 -RRB- Does not seem to work at all on Vista or Mac5 -RRB- Does not seem to work right on XPI previously purchased the first version of this product `` Tune Transfer '' from a bargain bin at CompUSA . When I got home it did n't work either but I thought it was because the software was old . That is why I bought this new version . Obviously not.After my bad experience I did some searching on Amazon and foundPD + Rescue for iPod Win/Mac . The reviews seemed generally pretty good so I purchased a copy from Amazon and after installation I can report that it seems to work very well on my Vista machine and on the iMac . It does n't have the ability to edit sound files but it never claims that it can . It does work with the iPhone , iPod touch and the other iPods I tried . It also adds songs and playlists directly into iTunes -LRB- unlike Tune Tools -RRB- and has the ability to stop iTunes from erasing your iPod . Wish I had found PD+R escue the first time.In summary please DO NOT BUY Tune Tools -LRB- or any other software from Valusoft in my opinion . -RRB- The software does not work , has features on the box that do n't exist in the software at all and they have non-existent tech support .
 I received this software as a birthday gift this year and was excited about using it to access the contents of my iPod Nano on both my work and home computers . Unfortunately , despite attempting to install this software on three separate computers , it refuses to function . The software does not see my iPod , causes my computer to freeze , requiring a reboot literally every other time I open it , and , worst of all , now that I have tried to hook my iPod up to this software , the screen never changes from ` Do not disconnect ' to ` OK to disconnect . ' When I attempt to eject the device manually , I receive an error message that it can not be stopped because there are files on it that are in use by another program -LRB- Tune Tools -RRB- . This error occurs even when Tune Tools is closed and not in use . It should also be noted that all of the computers this software has been tried on had well more than the minumum requirements noted by ValuSoft . I have sent an email tech support request -LRB- the only way to ask for help with this product -RRB- , but have not yet received a response . If anything changes , I will update my review accordingly , but given the problems I have experienced -LRB- and the MANY very negative reviews of this software found most everywhere I looked -RRB- I would highly recommend that you skip the purchase of this product and look into something different .
 I have tried using two of these stupid softwares . The first one would n't register on my or my friends computer , which both have the requirements . After I exchanged it for a second one , -LRB- because you ca n't get a refund at a store -RRB- it kept showing a null error , so I downloaded the patch , which is supposed to help fix the problem ; but the patch did n't recognize I had the software downloaded . I emailed the company 's tech support and they said they are having problems with this and do n't have a solution yet !! Tunes Plus works better and is cheaper . Do n't go through the same headache I did !!!
 Installed and ran patch via the support page and ca n't even get this program to open . Do n't waste your money !
 This software was difficult to use , did n't do what it said , and I ended up having to buy another tool to do the same thing . There are others out there , keep looking .
 This software is ABSOLUTE garbage . It does not detect the ipod , the ` patches ' are not valid , it is sheer garbage . . I bought mine at Best Buy , and after REPEATED attempts at contacting the very lacking -LRB- non-existent -RRB- customer service at Valusoft -LRB- my emails came BACK TO ME -RRB- , I am seeing red ... . I WANT MY MONEY BACK!This entire experience has been infuriating . Never again!Michael
 This was one of those impulse buys that I completely regret!After confirming that I exceeded software requirements , I installed this piece of trash . Setup seemed to go off without a hitch . When I tried to run it , I got the TUNE TOOLS for iPOD screen and it stayed up there - nothing else . Poking through their knowledge base -LRB- on valuesoft 's website -RRB- , I find that this is a known issue -LRB- there 's a hyperlink in their knowledge base for this problem - Tune Tools is sitting at the splash screen -RRB- . Most other software companies would have a ` search for updates ' after install or an update checker . Not our little friends at valuesoft!So I do what they recommend and I am able to move past their little splash screen . Next , comes an error
 Ordered this for my one year old . I play all instruments by ear . I am highly sentitive to the sounds that even toy instruments produce , and this one does not even come close . I have seen and own toy xylaphones that sound WAY better than this one . Not one single bell is in tune , and if I try to play a song on it , it does not even sound like the song I am trying to play . If you want your child to actually play music instead of making noise , do not order this !!!! Gave it to the Goodwill .
 Completely out of tune . I do n't expect a toy like this to be perfect , but you ca n't even play any recognizable tunes . What 's the point of music sheets if no one can recognize what you 're playing anyway.I called customer service and they told me that it 's not intended to be a musical instrument -LRB- even though they clearly advertise this product to have `` clear and accurate tones '' -RRB- . I was told that it 's just meant to be a toy for banging on . When I brought the discrepancy on the product description to their attention , they did n't seem to care at all . They also told me that I should tap on it lightly . First , that does n't make a difference . Second , a toy for toddlers that 's meant to be tapped on lightly ?! Seriously ?! Have these people ever seen or met a toddler ?! Worthless product , i can have my kids bang on pots and pans for FREE . Based on this product and customer service , will not be buying from Litte Tikes again .
 C , D , E -LRB- flat -RRB- , F , G , A , B -LRB- flat -RRB- , and C. ... . I also contacted the manufacturer , and was told it was intended as a toy . The Company 's philosophy towards toys is different from mine . I will not buy Little Tikes ever again .
 The notes are so out of tune on this xylophone that we had to get rid of it because it drove my husband and me crazy ! If you just want your baby to bang out random noise , go for it . Yes , it 's sturdy , and well built , but if you 'd like to attempt a song in tune , buy something else .
 This xylophone would be great , except one of the keys is out of tune . It 's so annoying , you ca n't play any basic song , nothing sounds right all because of one little off note . Otherwise I would really like this toy .
 Product seemed cheaper then you would hope . If you get it on a good sale I guess you get what you pay for .
 Sadly , a couple of the notes on the xylophone we received was out of tune . I contacted Little Tykes ' customer support , and was told that it was n't supposed to be a usable instrument , just a toy . Er ... My toddler has plenty of toys , but I wanted her to learn music , hence the xylophone.After I pressed them on their purported high standards , CS relented and offered to replace it , but the only option was to destroy the toy and send them proof , after which they 'd send me another -- with no guarantee that the next one would be in tune . I 'd rather cut my losses and give this one to Goodwill than deal with the hassle.Lesson Learned
 This thing would be a fine toy except the pitch is so off , the songs are barely recognizable . The toy is little more than a fun noisemaker ... but do n't expect any musical ability to be nurtured by this thing .
 This xylophone is completely out of tune . The smallest bar actually has a lower pitch than the one next to it . I was disappointed that Little Tikes would make a musical instrument and not even take the time to make it in tune . I am sure kids will have fun hitting the bars but to me it is n't worth it .
 My son received this for Christmas . Unlike other child xylophones we 've used , this one is completely out of tune.We tried playing ` twinkle twinkle little star ' and ` Mary had a little lamb ' on it but it 's not possible with the bizarre notes assigned to the keys.It appears they had a manufacturing problem or quality control issue and sent them out anyway.This xylophone might pass as a toy but do n't get it if you want to teach your child music .
 We had this toy and returned it in 24 hours . I wanted a xylophone for my daughter who asked for one at age 2 . This was a poor example of a xylophone . There are 2 keys that are the same length and therefore play the same note . The string for the mallet is so short you can hardly enjoy hitting the keys . It 's durable and colorful , but that 's not enough for parents to endure the shrill noise that comes from playing it . Little Tikes needs to go back to the drawing board on this one .
 I was really excited to purchase this xylophone for my son after he spent so much time using the one I grew up with during a visit to Grandma 's house . But this is yet another lesson in `` toy quality is not what it used to be . `` Although my son still has a great time pounding away with the plastic mallet , there are some things about this xylophone that drive me crazy .1 . It 's out of tune . Seriously , it could n't play a diatonic scale to save it from the trash heap . Try playing simple songs like `` Twinkle , Twinkle Little Star '' or `` Mary Had a Little Lamb , '' and you 'll go crazy because it just does n't sound right .2 . The sounds produced from this xylophone do n't sound very musical at all . It really just makes me think of hitting against a bunch of different metal objects . Not very pleasant to listen to .3 . The cord for the mallet is so short that it 's difficult to actually hit the bars . -LRB- Easy fix
 Really wish I had seen these reviews on the terrible sound quality -LRB- both tone and pitch -RRB- of this xylophone . The top four notes are horrendously out of tune . A friend in the neighborhood has the same model and they have the same complaint . If you intend to foster musicality in your toddler , definitely look elsewhere .
 This toy is horribly out of tune . You ca n't even play a scale on it without wincing . I called Little Tykes customer service and they offered to send a new one but said that it would probably have the same issue . Fortunately Amazon has a great return policy . This toy is NOT recommended .
 My son received this xylophone for Christmas . We are really disappointed that the notes are out of tune . No fun . We are going to sell it on Craigslist .
 The thing is NOT in tune - not a big deal to a child but annoying to be around at times . Yup .
 I purchased this for my grandchild and ended up returning it . Yes , it is durable . Yes , it is colorful . But , no , it does not play the notes correctly . The scale is out of tune . It plays high notes `` lower '' than the low notes . If you want your child to play songs or to hear the actual scale , this is not the toy to buy . For not much additional cost I purchased a xylophone listed under Musical Instruments .
 It only takes a few seconds to notice that this xylophone has two keys that play the same note . This makes it impossible to play any of the songs . Absurd .
 2 out of 8 keys are very flat , so none of the songs that we tried sound good on it . I 'm very disappointed and will be looking into returning it .
 I normally love Little Tikes but this xylophone was a disappointment . First of all , only 5 of the keys were in tune . One was so badly out of tune that even my 5 year old could tell the difference . If you ca n't actually play a simple tune or a scale on it , what 's the point ? I might as well give my kids pots and a wooden spoon and save my money . Also , you 'd need to actually cut the cord to use the little hammer . My 2 year old was immediately frustrated by not being able to reach the last key easily . I sent it back .
 For anyone with vague musical sense , this is a TERRIBLE toy . The pitches on the xylophone do not even vaguely correspond to an octave scale . Some of the notes are more than a half step flat . I purchased two of these -- and BOTH of them are horrible . I am so disappointed that I removed them from the package , or I would have returned them .
 I have never reviewed an item on Amazon before despite purchasing a lot of stuff . This was the first time I was ever moved to take the time to do it because I am very mad.This product looks like cute and inexpensive xylophone for an infant . Indeed when I opened it up I thought `` Neat ! My kid is gon na love it and learn ! '' However to my chagrin , two of the xylophone metal pads are the same tone . They are a different color , but when you tap them it is clear they just painted them differently . You ca n't even play some of the songs right because there are not enough tones in sequence.The second problem is the music . The box makes it seem like you will have hard backed separate music sheets which will fit in the tray above the xylophone . It is also supposed to be color coded so you can match it on the pads . However , the music in the box was not hard backed and it was not even color coded . So you are left with four songs on one sheet of paper in black and white.Do not buy this product . Spend a little more and get a fisher price one or just buy some other version of the xylophone . they are out there ... I considered them before I bought this one and I wish someone would have told me to do so .
 DO NOT buy this toy if you have any sense of pitch , or if you care about whether your child develops a good musical ear . It is badly out of tune . It costs just as much to manufacture a toy with musical bars properly sized to be in-tune . Yuck !
 We got one of these as a gift . Most of the keys are in tune , but there are a few which just sound awful . Wanting my children to develop a musical ear , I was upset about this . The product claims to develop musical skills in children ; how can it do that if it 's not in tune?So I called Little Tikes customer service who told me , as other reviewers said , that this toy is not a musical instrument , and they could me another , but it might have the same issue . I went for it , figuring how much worse could it be ? I was wrong ; the replacement toy they sent is 5 times worse . Listen for yourself : Sample of original toy -LSB- ... -RSB- Sample of replacement toy -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This xylophone sounds awful - the notes are badly out of tune making it impossible to play even simple melodies . If you want something that makes noise when it is hit , this toy is fine . But if you want your child to be able to play basic tunes , this xylophone is a complete waste of money .
 Come on ... 70 dollars for some packing foam ? I Put this up in my studio and noticed absolutely zero changes in sound reflections . Most other acoustic foam i 've seen is much thicker and heavier . This product was a total rip off . Especially since the description said 12-4 ` x2 ` x2 '' panels . if I had received 12 pieces then maybe that would have been worth it . But no . This stuff literally costs like a dollar to make . Now I see the same product listed at over $ 400 !?!? Come on . $ 400 dollars for a 2x4 piece of packing foam ? Who are you kidding?Total rip off . Very Misleading
 I have requested a review and refund on this item as i was under the impression that the music was included along with the CD which I ordered for my daughter for NYSSMA . Well inside the cover was only a CD , no music . When contactint the vendor , I received No reply . Amazon was wonderful , handled my complaint promptly issuing a full refund to my credit card , for which I am grateful .
 Better buy something strong - this can not hold her binder and she hated this.Now I have a piece of metal that I ca n't use .
 I purchased this stand for my daughter to practice her instrument at home . The clamp to keep the top part of the stand upright which holds the music does not tighten enough to keep the music from tipping over backwards . Therefore , we have to prop the stand again a wall to keep the music from falling off backwards . Needless to say , I am disappointed with this purchase .
 As usual , made in China means a very cheap version for something you expect to last more than the very first time , at least that is my experience . Cheap means expensive considering you have to get a new one after a research for better quality item . Do n't waste your money in this awful and useless thing .
 It 's really a shame . This is a nice looking stand that opens and closes easily . The maker skimped on the most important part , the clutch . This would probably work for a while if you were only holding a few pieces of paper at time , but a music book of any sort will collapse it . It 's possible that some of these are made better than others , but the one I got was a dud .
 The ad for this music stand is misleading because it does n't say it is only a sheet music stand , which is clearly stated on the box when received . The adjustable tilt `` bookplate '' will not support even the smallest of books , so it is useable only for a few sheets of music without the tilt mechanism collapsing . I have even inserted two rubber washers on the hinge for the bookplate as some buyers suggested and it was no help at all . This music stand should be clearly labeled for light sheet music only .
 The stand is fairly stable , but the locking mechanisms are plastic , and the retaining clips are short and lightweight . The main problem , however , is the clutch . It fails with all but the lightest of books . With some difficulty I managed to insert a lock washer between the stand shaft and the bracket , but with very marginal success . The tilt concept is quaint , but the production and execution are poor.I managed to get a second lock washer on the other side of the post . It holds better , but not great ; and I do n't hold out much hope for the future .
 The wing nut that is supposed to hold rack that holds the music does not grab and rack falls back .
 If you put a book or anything too heavy on it , it will topple . And the shelf that the papers are supposed to sit on is too small for half of my guitar tab packets . I would spend a little extra to get something a little more heavy duty next time
 The top hinge was too weak to hold up my music books and notebooks . Neither is overly heavy .
 After a year of ownership -LRB- I like the stand -- especially that it can adjust to a low height good for seated guitarist -RRB- , the knob that loosens the legs stripped off and you can no longer adjust the stand . I have the impression that the metal used on the screw and knob is just too soft for its purpose . I wrote to the company and hope they will make this right by sending a new knob .
 the thing is pretty flimsy , ca n't hold small books . you ca n't move it too much or it will collapse . is okay for just sheet music .
 This is a piece of crude . It is loose and does not even stand up straight . I returned it ... do not buy .
 Full disclosure
 I suppose I 'd better do anyone looking for bargain Uilleann pipes a favor and write a review on this product . I did n't order it from Amazon , but it is the exact same thing with the exact same picture . When I got this thing , it was n't really what I was expecting . It was all in pieces , so I had to connect the bellows , -LRB- which were n't in peices -RRB- , to the bag via a plastic tube . Than I had to connect the hard plastic chanter to the bag . NONE of this is made of wood . It 's all vinyl , hard plastic , rubber , and metal . The picture is also a bit misleading
 it 's semi-secure on carpeting or hard floor , but all together I am pretty unsatisfied with this stand . The bottom piece has no way to lock in place , and although with the guitar on it it is more stable , I am not comfortable enough risking my wonderful guitar to something rather flimsy ... I prefer the one that is mounted on the wall as more stable overall . This one ? Meh . Not worth the purchase in my opinion ... booooooooo .
 If you accidentally put your guitar on a bad position , it can come down with the whole stand and damage your guitar , I recommend a more stable stand for a few dollars more .
 Product was defective when received . There is an adjustment screw for the stand height that fits into a nut that is welded on the bottom half of stand . The nut was too big , -LRB- or adjustment screw too small -RRB- , rendering the stand useless . Giving `` On Stage Stands '' the benefit of the doubt , I called them up to be promptly hung up on and busy signals on repeat attempts . -LRB- Hung up on before even explaining the problem . Seemed like one person , one phone line operation and as soon as I gave the model number the phone went dead -RRB- Do n't make the mistake of ordering this `` companies '' products , fool me once ... . Amazon great as always with returns .
 I have not had the positive experience with the XCG4 that other reviewers on this site have had . There are two main problems :1 . The arms at the bottom of the stand which cradle the guitar from underneath swivel wildly and at the slightest touch . Just the act of removing the guitar from the stand can cause the lower arms to swivel out of place so that when I return the guitar to the stand , the lower arms are often turned the wrong way and unless I carefully turn the lower arms back to the correct position before placing the guitar back on the stand , my guitar is likely to go crashing to the floor .2 . The velveteen rubber padding wants to constantly slide off the upper arms leaving the guitar neck exposed to bare metal . The little plastic stoppers at the ends of the arms are supposed to prevent this from happening but when the padding starts to slide off , the stoppers offer little or no resistance and just pop out so I must constantly be pushing the padding back into position and pushing the stoppers back into the ends of the arms . And of course , with the stoppers constantly popping out and rolling across the floor , eventually and inevitably you will lose them , but that 's OK because they do n't do any good anyway .
 The part of the stand that holds the guitar 's base swivels freely . I do n't know if this is by design , or the one I received was missing a part to hold it in place . Two different guitars carefully placed on this stand have toppled -LRB- with the stand still attached by the neck strap -RRB- without being touched . If you care about your guitar , choose a sturdier stand .
 I have two of these stands and have used them for years , so I wanted to get a third one just like it , but the one I received from Amazon was drilled incorrectly and so if you put the bottom piece in , the stand falls over . -LRB- I 've taken pictures , but there is no way to attach them here . -RRB- Unfortunately I threw the box away , as I could n't imagine any way something as simple as this would n't work . That 's my fault . I am going to wait until I find a box the right size and will return it . In the meantime , I 'm buying the same stand somewhere else , because I 'm concerned that Amazon may have more of these stands in stock that do n't work . They should check .
 Functionally , it 's a great stand -LRB- and cheap -RRB- , but it fell apart . Surprisingly , even though all metal , the joint holding the legs together rots and falls apart . Ca n't use it anymore ... not as a guitar stand , anyway . It 's a few years old ; maybe they improved it since then . For $ 12 + I 'd be willing to try again.The Ultimate Pizza Manual
 Arrived in a timely manner but was missing 3 pieces and now I have to return it ... bummer
 The weight of my Les Paul bent the keyed opening holding that yoke/cradle in the upright tube 's allowing it to slip out and drop my guitar . I bought 3 of them and threw them out . Protect your axe - do n't buy this stand - the `` extra thick tubing '' is anything but strong enough .
 What a piece of junk ! The bottom cradle spins without a nut or washer to hold it in place . No matter how I place my instrument , the bottom cradle moves and renders it unstable . DO NOT BUY THIS PIECE OF JUNK .
 This arrived with one end of the security strap and metal part ... Broken ! OK ... I bought it on sale and returning it would not be an option ... it would cost as much to mail back as it did to buy it!Obviously it was not the packaging which was more than adequate and there were no broken off pieces in the box.Of course , I could not recommend this product to anyone ... most disappointing purchase !
 The base holding the guitar broke after 1 month . The base is the metal fork shaped holding the guitar . It was great when it was working .
 So I bought this thinking it would be a good first guitar stand . I read some of the reviews , some seemed like it would be a good product , and others not so much . So I took a chance to begin with . The main problem that I had with this stand was it did n't stand . When the guitar was n't on it , it was fine . But once I added the guitar , it would n't stay standing up . It would either lean back or to the left or right . I would not recommend buying this item . I ended up returning it because I was so frustrated and disappointed with this product .
 I received the box for the order and when I opened it and there was only the bottom part of the stand ... There was n't anything else , no security strap or bottom support holder .
 I wanted an inexpensive , basic stand for my guitar , so I picked this one . When I assembled it , I could tell right away it was misaligned at the factory and basically defective . I managed to bend it into shape a little , but it 's still a bit wonky . You might want to avoid this particular stand , there are plenty more available to choose from in this price range .
 the nut that holds the base which holds up the guitar was missing . what this means is that it will hold my guitar , but the base swings around freely if the guitar is not in it . it is functional , but certainly not perfect .
 One star is too much - this piece of junk deserves zero ! This damn thing damaged my guitar with that wobbly base being unsecured . I read other such reviews , and as such I was careful every time I put my guitar back in place . However , as luck would have it , the base was off center this time , and the neck fell sideways against some furniture and the guitar tumbled to the floor . I could care less about a refund , what really disturbs is that I damaged an expensive guitar that also has sentimental value as a gift from my wife and kids some years ago . This is an extremely poorly designed product , and I am furious with myself for having bought it , and then subsequently continuing to use it ! What I want now is my guitar repaired !!!
 All I can say about this item is that it is utterly terrible . When you put a guitar on the stand , it leans back to the point where it falls backwards . Totally unstable and could ruin a guitar easily . It is baffling how this stand could be made so poorly . It 's not that hard to make a stand that does its job . Look elsewhere for a stand .
 After only a few weeks , the metal bar that holds the guitar on the top broke off . Upon looking at it closely , unlike the other parts of the stand , it is only a tiny piece of metal that connects it . This design is horrible . Save your money and do n't purchase this .
 its very obvious they cut corners on this guitar stand , its cheap material and downsized scale are not worth the trouble or price . not stable because of the short legs and neck ratio , piece of junk dont trust putting a good guitar on it !
 This item is missing a part . The &#34; U &#34; shaped device at the bottom of the stand that the quitar sits on wo n't stay in place . It rotates around . How can I get a replacement or get the missing part ?
 The rear leg is `` too short '' wich makes the stand unstable and loose balance towards the back . Front legs measure 11 inches , rear leg measures 3.5 inches -LRB- way too short -RRB- should be at least 5-6 inches . FretRest by Proline , way better !!
 I received this stand put my guitar on it and I could n't get the guitar to stay up it fell to the floor . The short rear leg is too short not allowing any balance the guitar with the slightest movement will fall back and onto the floor .
 The back leg of the tripod is too short , so the stand is unsteady . Both electric and acoustic guitars tilt backward and fall toward the floor when I place them in this stand . This is my first return ever as an Amazon customer . I was able to process the refund easily through my online account . In fact , I got a refund and did n't have to return the product ; I 'm thankful for this because the shipping alone may have exhausted much of the $ 12.99 refund .
 I received my guitar stand today , i just opened it . . And everything was going good untill after assembling it , I realised that the U shaped holder thing for the neck of the guitar is broken off . I had thought it was somehow meant to be manually assembled to it . I can clearly see the jagged and uneven edges of end of the body of the guitar stand so clearly it has been broken off . and you can totally see the coloured silver part -LRB- like you can see its totally snapped off -RRB- . So I 'm like really dissapointed and feel cheated of this buy . And I 'm not sure of what to do , amazon 's help service is extremely terrible as its so hard to get your right answer you need . cause I live in singapore and the postage fee is twice the price of the stand and if I postaged it back there I 'm probably gon na waste even more money . So basically do NOT buy this stand and DO NOT buy any thing off amazon . Just go to your local guitar shop and buy someother lousy kind and its probably gon na be better than this . So im cheated off my 25 US bucks and now I ca n't get it back .
 Received 2 of these items 3 days ago . One was defective when it got here . I just got home tonight to a broken guitar on the other . These items SUCK !! Stay away .
 Do not buy this guitar stand ! It is very flimsy and it comes with no clear instruction . My package was missing a part , so I had to send it back .
 This product could not have been designed for an acoustic guitar . No matter how you adjust the neck holders height , the stand will end up being extremely unstable and tip over at the slightest bump . To add to your woes , the loosely help bottom cradle is too short to accomodate most acoustic guitar and the guitars weight ends up being applied to the rubber band near the neck of the guitar . This was designed by the worst kind of swine .
 The screw that is used to adjust the part of the stand that supports the neck of the guitar is the wrong size . Thus , the top part of the stand swivels and causes the stand to be unstable because the screw can not be tightened . I am very unsatisfied .
 Got this for my Taylor 914ce Grand Auditorium . Noticed it is very misaligned and wobbly upon assembly . No way will I prop my Taylor up on it , but will chance my Yamaha APX500 on it , as long as it 's suported by a wall . Overall not even worth $ 12 , and you 'd have to be crazy to try using THIS stand to suport and or showcase a Instrument that is also a Work of Art . Live and learn . Not recommended at all .
 I would absolutely NOT recommend this stand for anyone with a guitar weighing over 7lbs . I have a solid body electric that came falling to the floor after 2 months of use because the metal on the bottom cradle buckled and snapped . The metal at the joint looks to be of horrible quality . Will never buy one of these again.Conversely , I have another that has been holding an acoustic for a much longer time , and have had no issues whatsoever . Cheap construction does n't matter as much when the guitar only weighs a few pounds.If you 're in the market for a stand specifically to hold something like a Les Paul or other solid body electric with heavier woods , look elsewhere . I feel like an idiot for skimping on the stand and almost destroying my favorite guitar . I would suggest not repeating my mistake .
 I wanted to try out this pigtail design . But the part that arrived had several problems : - it gives out a loud humming noise as soon as I plug it in - the part has very bad finish -LRB- rough painted surface , fuzzy printing , bad fit -RRB- I am sending it back .
 I have had several brands of guitar stands over the years . On Stage is a good brand however , the 3 guitar stand is disappointing . In fact I would have sent it back had I not thrown away the box and the invoice that came with it . Overall the construction is good but the arms that support the guitar necks are not long enough and so the headstocks are about 1/8th of an inch apart and if you 're not careful the heads and tuners bump into each other . I have another brand that has longer arms and the guitars do not bump each other at all . Maybe this stand would be ok for small guitars but not if you want to display 3 dreadnoughts on the same stand .
 The necks of your guitars will hit each other if you try to put more than one guitar on the stand . Not a good design .
 yeah it 's a great price , but a triple guitar stand is supposed to fit 3 guitars on it . By the time you throw this piece of junk out , you will have lost 2 of them to random acts of guitar toppling after giving up on those annoying rubber neck restraints . I 'm currently moping over a recent guitar tragedy for this exact reason . Why do the base holders not sit firmly ? retarded . Get a huge amount of glue if you buy this junk to hold it in place . What a terrible waste .
 This is ok for one guitar , but not three . With more than one guitar , the headstocks will rest against each other .
 I knew the price was too good to be true . This is the type of stand I would expect from Wal-Mart . Not for professional use . If you value your guitars , pay the price for a quality stand .
 My son plays bass , electric and acoustic guitars . He wanted a stand so we chose this one . It did not specify what types of guitar it would hold . This stand does not accommodate acoustic guitars . The base forks that hold the guitar are too far out , which causes the guitars to be leaned in a way that the head stocks would hit one another . Disappointing . The shipping to return this was about as much as the stand cost , so it was a loss all around .
 I picked this up for my recording studio , with the intention of being able to toss any three guitars in it at a time.It 's sturdy , but I have to give it 2/5 for one reason only - it 's too compact . I realize that with a design like this it 's inevitable , but if it was just a bit wider it would be a lot better . Reason being , if you have three standard scale guitars in this , and one of them has a headstock that angles back/away from the fretboard , that headstock is going to bonk into any other guitars that you put in this stand . The guitars also need to be almost completely upright when sitting in them to avoid hitting each other , which makes it a bit perilous , especially if someone were to accidentally bump into it.If you put an Acoustic in this stand , the guitars next to it need to be small -LRB- and electric -RRB- , because the acoustic body will smack the guitars adjacent to it as well . It does fit three six string Ibanez guitars just fine , but with a seven in there I have to constantly keep an eye on things when I put the guitars away so that the headstocks do n't `` joust '' with each other . I decided against putting even a small chambered nylon string in this stand , and am using it with three of my straightest-headstocked guitars . It works , but honestly I would n't buy this again . It 's fine for my small home studio where I can always have the same three guitars in it , but for a gigging musician this would be an accident waiting to happen .
 Is this thing a joke ? I ca n't believe it 's gotten so many good reviews . First off , there were no instructions . I figured it out , but I do n't know what kind of disassembled product does n't come with instructions . Second , the rubber strap things for keeping your guitar neck in place - they are INCREDIBLY hard to get on or off . I ca n't imagine anyone using this on stage as you 're going to take 15 seconds just trying to get a guitar in or out while trying not to knock the entire thing over while prying the strap on or off . It 's ridiculous . Second , I 'll probably never actually get that far as the top piecing with those three holders WILL NOT EVEN ATTACH to the neck of the stand . The little metal tube inside of it does not fit over the neck . The only reason this worthless POS would n't be returned is if I can find an easy replacement for the rubber straps as well as a way to force that part on to the neck . I would NOT recommend this product to ANYone ... except for musicians I hate .
 Seller shows items as `` in stock '' but they are not in stock , does n't update listing even after declining your sale .
 I recently played one of these instruments -LRB- from another vendor -RRB- . It has a windcap rather than a pirouette , which would make it a rauschpfiefe , but unlike either , the bore is cylindrical -LRB- or very narrowly tapered -RRB- , rather than broadly conical . The sound was weak and lacked any of the strident power of a shawm -LRB- which should be loud enough to raise the dead , or at least get them to roll over in their graves ... -RRB- . When compared with a real shawm -LRB- like a zurna -RRB- , it is apparent that this instrument was designed by someone who really knew nothing about shawms.About the only positive things I can say about this are -LRB- 1 -RRB- it makes noise , and -LRB- 2 -RRB- it 's a fairly attractive looking thing if you want it as a prop rather than as an instrument.I 'd consider this instrument to be worth about $ 20 , not the $ 100 + that it 's being sold for .
 You get what you pay for . Get 7 harmonicas for the price of one and well its not so good . 3 of the 7 harps have reeds that are blown out after very little use . Unless you are buying this for the kids suggest you invest the xtra bucks and pay for a decent harp . Thanks but no thanks
 Excited when I received the produce . Did not use long and within one year one pitch was blocked out . It is expensive and now sitting in my closet .
 My son got this for a Christmas gift in ' 08 , and the outer zipper compartment has already come unstitched from the case , leaving a gaping hole and rendering said zipper compartment unusable . I sent an email to the Gator Company so we 'll see if they stand behind their product.UPDATE
 We bought this for my daughter to learn violin in school . However , the sound quality is just not there . We have been told that this violin will take at least 30 years of aging to get the correct sound quality needed for playing . I would recommend that if you are buying a violin to learn on you go to a music store and pay the price for a good European violin . Even to someone like me , who can not play musical instruments , I could hear the difference in the tone and quality and the fact that this violin would not tune . The only good thing that came from this buying experience was the bow and the case .
 Transaction was very smooth and received my violin well before expected date . However I was not real pleased with the product and do n't believe it 's the same one I bought from the pictures . The violin case has glue all over the velvet , the case is very cheap and not put together properly and is the wrong color gray not the burgundy in the picture . The bow is not the one pictured . The violin is scratched deep in two places and has lighter buff circular scratches all over it not pretty on a high gloss black violin ! The chin rest is even different than the one pictured . I purchased a student violin last year for about $ 20 . more than this one it came with tons of extras , it is a wonderful instrument that I absolutely fell in love with . I found this really did n't need it but loved the high gloss black and figured it would not hurt to have two . What a waste . Seller did n't make it so giving them 2 stars for delivery and service however I feel the violin was misrepresented and not the one pictured .
 I should rate it with negative 3 starsI was happy when I received my Violin on the date they advised me , I was thrilled when I first seen the box , But as soon as I opened it and check what 's inside in my surprise I seen the bow falling out of place ... The strings is not properly placed and even if I try to tune it I ca n't because the bow can not be tighten for a little bit because the adjuster is loose . . It 's just not working so I was very upset and I had to return it as soon as I had the time and I payed $ 11 for shipping it back to them and when I got the refund they did n't refund the full amount that I payed for , Plus there was no manual booklet to teach you how to fix it . . OMG !!! I was continually emailing their customer service to ask if I would be refunded for the shipping that I payed for when I ordered the Violin well they do n't wan na respond to my question . . I am really upset , This did n't help at all although it 's cheap but instead it made me spend almost $ 30 for nothing ... I will never purchase anything from them anymore !
 I ordered this product for myself on a Sunday night and received on Thursday ; however , although their were no instructions to installed the bridge , it was n't hard to google instructions `` violin bridge '' . The bridge was n't the correct size , the proper cutouts did not fit the notches of the instrument . Yes , this is a bargain !! agreeablely so , the strings are undeniable CHEAP and broke on me the first night during tuning , the Rosin came in pieces and the screws on the tailpiece were jammed . So before I could enjoy , music I had to first achieve sound , I took my new `` beautiful '' violin to a local violin repair shop , I had the strings , bridge , rosin and the tailpiece replaced ; the cost including tuning and labor $ 120 . So this bargain ended costing me the price as if I bought it in the local music store .
 Please , please , please , if your child is interested in violin , do not think you are going to do him/her any favors or save yourself any money by getting a $ 50 instrument off the internet.Go to your local music store . They will rent you a MUCH BETTER INSTRUMENT for the low low price of about $ 15/month . Most have specials where the first few months are $ 5 each.Then , if your kid likes it , they have a GOOD quality instrument to play which will encourage them to keep playing . Poor quality instruments are difficult to play . Heck , I 've been at it over 20 years and I ca n't get a decent sound out of a $ 50 violin . You ca n't expect a beginner to , either ! : -LRB- If your kid hates it , then you 're out $ 15 instead of $ 50 . I saved you money ! : -RRB- Thank me later !
 I just wanted to write this review ... i know i am not a musician , but i decided to get a violin . I have always wanted to play the violin but just never really had the time to until now . I was excited to buy this violin but when i opened the case i noticed that a few of the bow strings were broken . I thought nothing of it and proceeded to fix the violin . I got out the bridge and it was just awful ... really ? a white bridge with a nice glossy black violin ? anyways , i place the bridge where it was supposed to go and i tightened the strings from the tuning pegs ... as i tightened them ... they got loose again . and the G-String just popped right off the tuning peg itself . I checked the rosin and found it in 3 shattered pieces . As i was tightening up the bow with the twisting mechanism at its base ... i found that it got really hard to tighten the bow ... I watched some tutorials on youtube about violins and they said that if you can get 1 finger in between the strings and the wooden bow then it is just right ... i had to use tools to just get it to far apart enough to get one of my fingers in between ... I just got it , like literally ... i just opened it and within 15 mins i have decided to send it back to get a refund ... i dont even want to keep it as decoration ... its not worth the money ... so please people ... dont buy this horrible `` NEW '' violin ... it is a major let-down .
 good price , good delivery but horrable stuff i mean no guidlines , it took me forever to set up the bridge since the bridge wasnt installed and the strings keep getting loose i tried to get intouch with the company to get some guide lines but they never answer my email so the violin was a total weste of money . if you are thinking of buying one , you might as well buy one with a higher price .
 Well this was just a disapointment I was playing x box when i hear a bell ring so I went over and picked it up i thought it would be sick when i had in my hands . Untill i opened it , i was taken , what in gods name is this peace of istrumental trash . i wanted to scream that out but no . i was angered , i have been playing violin for a short time -LRB- 3 years -RRB- and never in my life i have never have goten somethig so cheep . first the scroll was cracking off the finger board . the peds were in most of hidious design and the damn bridge was too small for the damn thing what upset me the most was i realy was looking foward to it . i tested it my self and played it IT SUCKED MONYEY NUTS ! so any cheep losers think this is a good deal dont even try to buy this its trash
 This instrument is cool . Hang it on the wall . That is all it is good for . I teaching beginning strings and have had this instrument come into my classes . I can not get it in tune or if close , The hairs on the bow all come out by the end of the year and I 've seen the bows break in half . Do not waste your money . Your child is worth more than this !!
 This is a toy . Period . It can be fun for a student to play with who is not serious , but is not playable as an instrument for someone who really wants to learn . It is not fitting properly and will never play right . The bridge and pegs are not carved for each particular instrument , and they need to be . You will have to keep twisting hte pegs so hard eventually you will either crack the peg box or make the peg holes too large.If you are considering playing , or having your child play , rent an instrument from a reputable shop or have a trained strings teacher help you shop for an instrument at a fair price . I am an orchestra teacher and students who come in with these factory line painted violins almost always end up quitting because of the extremely low quality of their instrument -LRB- and most end up falling apart -RRB- .
 I ordered two of these items for a Christmas present for my daughter and friend . When my daughter opened hers we saw that it was broken . It was not a shipping problem either . One of the strings were already separated from the violin because the spring was broke off . I will never buy another item like this from the store I purchased from on Amazon . It should have been inspected before shipped . My 10 year daughter spent Christmas watching her friend play with hers . A million thumbs down if I had that many !!!
 This Violin needs a lot of upgrades in order for it to make a sound close to music.There is no value for a student to practice on a squeaking instrument - at the minimum you will need to change all the strings - $ 28 - $ 48 , you will need to install a new bridge ~ $ 40 and a new bow $ 60-100 . . And then there will be all sort of other problems the Pegs will slip forever and the sound will never be satisfactory . . However there are 2 advantages - the color is ` cool ' ... and if some kid is stepping on it during a school concert you will not suffer a heart attack . .
 I recieved my violin today for my daughter . I read the reviews on this product and I was really in the middle . Well after recieving a broken violin today I am convinced that I should have gone done to the local music store and rented one . It was horrible , light wieght - yeah like 8 oz , not 8 lbs . I think that is why it showed up broken . The strings will not stay tight , the neck was broken , the chin rest was broken and the back had a long split . I was horrified . I buy a lot online and this is the first time I have felt I was taken . I am trying to return the product now .
 This was ordered as a Christmas gift and I was told it would be here no later than Christmas Eve ... . as of today I STILL have n't received the item and it is January 4th . I sent several emails trying to find out what happened and just today finally received a reply back . Horrible horrible customer service . I am now being told it was sent on January 2nd , after being told it was sent in time for Christmas . I would give 0 stars if that was an option .
 I took my time and picked out a cheap violin to fool around with and this looked like a good deal . I even paid attention to when everyone said that you need to be careful with the strings and all that jazz BUT the stupid things snapped ... twice and I even had the music store tune it after I broke the first string and he snapped 2 more while I was standing there . Im just annoyed with it , maybe it was just mine but ... rawr .
 i bought this vioilin because i wanted somthing I could beat up when I was learning . Within the first 5 mins of having it 2 strings popped when I was tuning it and my bow arrived broken ! i had my friend look at it an said it must have broken in shipping and that the strings were very cheap but not to expect too much becuase of how much i paid for it . I rated a 2 because of the first impression of the condition it arrived in and the strings being so cheap . Also they did n't even include instructions on how to set up the bridge . If I had n't known how I would have been very frustrated .
 Apparently the violin teacher said the instrument sounds wrong . I do n't know I do n't play the violin but he told us to get another so now I 'm back at square one .
 I received my violin on time and was excited to begin taking lessons . When I brought my violin in , my teacher tuned it and all was well . Three lessons in and my instructor , whose been playing for the longest time could n't tune my violin . She tried changing the strings with professional ones , but they would n't fit on the violin . She told me that this instrument was unplayable and suggested that I try to get my money back . Learning the violin is hard enough , do n't make it harder on yourself or your child buy buying this POS .
 After fighting with getting this violin in tune for two months , we took it to my son 's violin teacher . Her professional opinion is that I need to return it . I will have to contact the seller because I am past the 30 days listed for returns . The pegs on the violin will not stay in position to tune it . We tried peg dope and even new strings to keep it in tune . The violin does look pretty , the case was nice and the bow was of good quality . However , with it being unable to be tuned , it is useless .
 Just received in mail today . Rosin was in three pieces and one of the strings was broke . Contacting customer service now for a refund ...
 I was really unsatisfied with this product , even as a beginning violinist . But you get what you pay for , and I would recommend not getting this one .
 The product advertisers as a `` student '' violin , it is a toy . It is completely incapable of staying tuned . My daughter has played for 3 years & we wanted something to use as we travel vs. her classic violin . This is strictly a novelty item & not for someone serious about learning . That being said , my daughter does love the soft sided case for short travel .
 I 'm not certain yet , but I think I was sold a toy violin when I wanted a real one . I do n't like the fact that I was played !!
 It 's not a god violin for a binger ! When I was trying to put rosin on the bow , the bow broke into two pieces !!
 Violin is not what they say it is . There is no inlay around the edges , and the top and bottom are heavy for a violin . A bestler at it 's best !
 Well since you e-mailed me looking for a review here goes . JUNK , GARBAGE , but I guess you get what you pay for
 The strings on the violin will not stay tight . My daughter and I were very disappointed on Christmas morning . So sad .
 The Violin was really poor quality . At this price I wasn &#8217; t expecting a lot , but the violin had several lumps in the wood and because it &#8217; s black it doesn &#8217; t look good at all . The case was okay , the strap is not as durable as I would like for my 13 year old . I would not recommend this product .
 This is not a well-made instrument . The bridge falls off if there is n't enough pressure in the string and the string is attached by a screwed-in metal hook . There 's also what looks like an off-center pencilled-in circle drawn beneath the finish . It sounds about as nice as a rubber band stretched over a cereal box , so as either an instrument or a decorative piece , I do n't recommend purchasing it .
 I have seen these these harps in stores . I am a harp player . The quality on them is very inconsistant . There a few few lucky one that have gotten useable instruments , but for the most part the are decorative only . There are several good harps available from quality manufactures for just a bit more money . Look at Harpsicles , Dusty strings or if you are handy - Music Makers - they sell kits to build your own -LRB- you can also get pre-made -RRB- and are quality instruments . A lot of the enjoyment you get from playing is having an instrument that sounds good . If you are constantly have to struggle to keep it in tune - you wo n't play it . Do yourself a favor - steer clear .
 The product is not user friendly ... it doesnt prompt you to do anything . I had to email customer care like 6 times and was very frustrated because there was no phone numbr to call ... finally I played with it enough to download my itunes ... but really i do not recommend it unless you know exactly what your doing .
 Do n't buy this product . I bought it from Best Buy and it would n't read the music on my ipod . Then I tried returning to Best Buy and they woudl n't help me out whatsoever .
 This product did not work -LRB- apparently they sent a later version -RRB- and when I contacted Valusoft to get the appropriate version mailed , they never sent it . Still trying to get it -LRB- months later -RRB- .
 I ordered this after my hard drive crashed , it did NOT work for my daughters Ipod Nano , I sent it back and got Copypod instead and it worked !
 I got this program to transfer tunes off my ipod after my hard drive got corrupted , but the program did n't work . The tech support was unhelpful . After a little internet search , I found out that you do n't even need a program for what I was trying to do ! It 's basically a scam .
 I installed the program right away , but it did n't work . Did n't transfer nothing from my Ipod to my Ibook . Is there a way to return it ?
 I installed it without problems but it does not `` recognize '' my iPod ; and according to the help instructions that happens when the iPod 's disk is notenabled to be used ; but mine was enabled . My Pc met all the requirements neededto use the program and I went to thier help site and tried what it suggestedbut the program would not work . I can not recommend this program to anyone . Sorry .
 Unfortunately , the product would n't even install on my Mac OS X Leopard , so I ca n't really say it did n't work -- but unless it installs , it 's useless , right ? I contacted the seller 's customer service over the internet , explained the problem , but got no reply . So I 'm returning the software to Amazon , whose customer service answered my online request for a refund right away -LRB- hurray Amazon ! -RRB- . A few years ago , I had to download from my iPod when the old OS X crashed -LRB- it does that a lot -RRB- . I downloaded something off the internet and it worked , I guess that 's where I 'll have to go again .
 I bought this at Office Depot and I fell for the low price . Easy review folks - it just does n't work Do n't buy it
 there is freakin freeware that does the same thing . it isnt hard to find
 Get the computer on a network , and transfer music to multiple computers for 0 Dollars and 0 Cents
 I would class myself as a savvy PC and Mac person that has been using iPod and iTunes since the beginning.THIS simply does not work - for me ... Be careful !
 The issue at hand is not really being able to copy the files from the ipod to another computer , it is to reconstruct the internal table of contents so that anything else besides the ipod and authorized computer knows what these files are!There are excellent freeware and shareware programs that can do the same thing ! I use CopyPod and love it.Don ' t waste your money on this !
 This program is a shameful waste of money . The very idea that the makers are the only people who have given positive reviews to the product is pathetic .
 This program DID NOT WORK with my iPod nano . Their website does n't say that it does not work with the nano either.For me , it was a total waste of $ 20.00
 Like many I bought an Ipod thinking I could easily transfer tunes from my old PC to my new . Ha ! I 'm not eager to put a bunch of infected freeware junk on my new PC so I was about to buy this cd when I saw someone here mention Copypod . Skeptical , I went to check out the website and saw they were recommended by Walt Mossberg at the Wall Street Journal , a pretty respectable and objective source . I went ahead and paid the $ 20 and downloaded it , printed out 2 pages of clear and simple instructions , and in 14 minutes I had over 1300 songs uploaded to my new pc . Easy as pie ! I confess I have n't tried this Tune Transfer , but I do n't see how you could do any better than Copypod . Save yourself a wait for the cd or a trip to the store , and get Copypod - a 2-week free trial is available . I sound like I work for them , do n't I ? Well , just ask Walt !
 Avoid this product unless you like paying money for packaged freeware . There are numerous free and legit downloads online that perform the same task and then some ... AVOID !!!
 Typical example of a product designed to take advantage of the misinformed . Tsk , tsk , tsk ... 1 . There are free programs all over the net from VERY trusted sources that can do what this program does and then some .2 . Put your Ipod into Disk Mode where you can find ` secret ' options . ` Nuff said .3 . Do n't buy this junk . It 's right up there with the so-called `` pay '' Kazaa services -LRB- lolz -RRB- and pay-to-use torrents . You are not supposed to pay for stuff like this , people ! Get educated about your resources !
 I accidentally synched my iPod to an incomplete library on one of my authorized computers . It wiped out about 50 % of my songs , so I purchased TunesTransfer to prevent future losses . Granted , it was n't for much , about $ 20 , but still.I loaded it onto my computer and the program never worked . It never recognized/detected my iPod . After reading the reviews here , I went to CopyPod . That program worked like a charm . Recognized the iPod instantly . It was almost as easy to use CopyPod as it is to use iTunes in the first place . I would definitely recommend CopyPod over this .
 I already had copypod and was using it very well , my son bought Tune Transfer , thinking that it was a better program , all it was , was a waste of money and his time trying to use it , he went back to copypod ... lol
 I would recommend buying the very latest ipod transfer software - not TuneTransfer.I bought a used CD-ROM in July 2008 , originally released 2006 ; but when I downloaded it into two separate PCs , neither failed to detect an ipod attached -LRB- even when I changed itunes settings to allow disk usage -RRB- . This tells me perhaps the latest version of itunes disables this software to detect the ipod , when attached - thus , not allowing transfer of songs ... If itunes really wanted ipod memory to be transferrable , they would allow it . What they DO N'T want is for songs purchased from itunes to be transferrable to any other computer , which could diminish download sales .
 Save your $ 20 , Please ... This thing does the same thing as iTunes . If you already have an iPod , it should have come with iTunes software . If it did n't , you can download it for free from apple.com . iTunes is built for your iPod , therefore it is it 's best companion for music transfering . If iTunes is too hard for you to use , then you do n't know how to use a computer because iTunes automatically updates your iPod for you without you having to do anything . SAVE YOUR MONEY ! PLEASE !!! I know I sound mad , but I 'm just a consumer advisor .
 Right after I attached this device to the mic stand the screen falls out ... ahem ... So I put the screen back in and attempt to tighten the circular screen holder ... I abandoned this and , well , I 'm using electrical TAPE now to keep the screen in place . What 's more is that the TRIAL TRACK I recorded using this has a really nice popping `` P '' sound to it , which I edited out of course , but , the rest of the `` live '' track was somewhat dissappointing with this , as there were `` B '' sounds popping up too . It seems to be a cheap piece of junk . I do n't see myself buying another Raxxess product for some time , b/c this one was just so terrible . But others may have a had a better experience with this product or company.The one redeeming value may be the way it attaches
 This instrument is of very poor craftsmanship . The sound and tone is off . When playing the sound is also very muffeled as if tissues were stuffed inside . Buyer beware , this is made by amateurs and should not be sold .
 I have purchased many items from Amazon . This is the first product that I have received that was of poor quality . This flute does not keep pitch , tune or general sound quality . It is an insult to Native American Flute making . I recommend that this product be removed from the Amazon list of products .
 First of all , if this is synthetic it 's not a Native American flute and secondly , The Indian Arts and Craft Law of 1990 prohibits selling any craft as `` Native American , Native American made , or Indian '' if you are not a member of a federally recognized or state recognized tribe.First time violators face a $ 250,000 fine and Ebay has placed this notice on their site to comply with the Indian arts and Craft Law of 1990 . Business face up to $ 1000,000 fine for first offense . So know the law!To report a fake product you purchased or to report someone selling them call the Indian Arts and Craft Board at the U.S. Department of Interior at 1-888-ART-FAKE or visit http://www.doi.gov/iacb/act.html
 Native American Flute ? Well , better be careful about saying that . You can say Native American Styled but this flute is not good at all . I am a recording artist and a Native American . The main problem with this flute is that the fetish does n't move . You can not adjust it at all . So whoever made this is n't a flute player.Secondly , its raspy , and it is to heavy . The hole is to big and the PVC pipe is to long for the G flute . Get it together . This should either be reworked or taken out of circulation.Disappointed!CE
 The specs say it covers 7200 square ft , it barely covers that and is so dim that you ca n't tell that it does anything . Also it broke after 2 days and was barely used in those two days . Do not buy this product !
 less than two months into owning this instument , a little wooden piece flew out of the bow and now it can not be tightened , rending the horse hairs too loose . need a new bow . Amazon ? I am writing this review bc I did not see a way to `` contact seller '' which in this case is Amazon ! Thanks
 I 've heard of Groove Juice for a while and decided to try some cuz my kit had been left uncovered and had gotten dusty . It wo n't take silk-screened logos off either.I use Zildjian A Series and always keep mine clean & shiny -LRB- vs letting them tarnish -RRB- , so they are n't super-cruddy , etc. . I took one of my 18 's , sprayed the stuff on and waited 30 sec . for the wipe-off . Initially the bell started to glimmer , but I 'm not sure that was n't from just having something wet on it.After 30 secs , I wiped the stuff off and presto ! - no big deal . As a matter of fact , my cymbal seemed to have a haze on it , but perhaps that was from not being totally dry -LRB- ? -RRB- . And most drummers know how much black cymbal crud/tarnish comes off when cleaning and there was basically nothing on my rag . Weird . Maybe it cleaned out some dirt deep in the grooves of my cymbals , but I do n't see any real `` polish '' aspect with this product . I decided to just use my Brasso ... much better results . I did follow up with GJ after the Brasso to blend the Brasso'ed area and non-Brasso ` ed logo areas . That sorta works.I also tried this on a 14HH that was starting to develop a green spot about the size of half of a dime . GJ did nothing to remove it.We 're all looking for that perfect cymbal cleaner & polish and would say this ai n't it either . Arrrgghh ... I really wanted this stuff to work !
 This cleaner really did n't make too much of a difference on my pearl crash or my meinls . I thought it was just the make of a particular cymbals , but on trying it on the pearl , multiple meinls , and various low quality no name cymbals there really wasnt any difference . The clean parts of the cymbal shone a little bit more after cleaning but the dirty bits I bought it for were almost completely unaffected . I 'm disappointed but i guess there 's a reason it was so cheap for so much cleaner . Oh well .
 i bought this stuff awhile ago . when i used it , it kinda cleaned the cymbal . i went to dry it and i found all sorts of stuff that was not on the cymbal beforhand . i would not recomend anyone buying this . it just will make the cymbals worse
 I followed the directions . Spray , Wipe , Wait 30 Seconds , Rinse . The brand name is the only thing that rinsed off , leaving dirty cymbals that no longer say Zildjian . I 'm pretty upset with this result , considering I was cleaning the cymbals to sell them , and now they are n't worth nearly as much as they were before they were `` cleaned . ''
 So I bought this thinking it would work well with all of these positive reviews , but it did not . I put them in the bathtub , sprayed them with the groove juice , and let it sit for a few minutes . I then washed them off with warm water and after I dried them off , there were specs of clean spots , and specs of tarnished spots , and it looked horrible . Do not buy .
 Do n't buy these , I got them and have them installed in a Bugera V22 by a professional , after 30 secs of normal use some resistances started to burn ... if it had n't been for my hommie standing next to the power chord who knows what would 've happen ... I brought them into Mexico so I ca n't really do anything from but warn you about this terrible product .
 After my Stovteks started sounding flat , I replaced the preamp tubes with JJ 's . JJ 's are supposed to be the best boutique tube . However , mine was microphonic right after it was installed . There are better tubes out there . Get one that is quality tested .
 Why do they show a single pair of drumsticks when the photo shows two pairs ? Buy something else .
 I have 8 electric guitars from $ 65 to 4,199.00 and had been playing different kinds of guitar for more than 40 years . This is not a standard size Strat . It comes with the world 's worst pickups , guitar neck . It sounds awful like a toy-guitar . It is the worst guitar I 've ever seen . It does n't even worth more than $ 40 .
 Before I start , I have to tell you that I did n't try to use this endpin rest with a cello or an upright bass . I have a custom instrument , a modified guitarr&oacute;n with a home made endpin , the bottom end of which is an ordinary 1-inch , rubber cane tip -- so this might not apply to your instrument.Anyway , this thing worked pretty well on carpet where you do n't need it . The lip is n't very high , though , so my cane tip did want to come out of it . Where you DO need it -- on a hardwood or synthetic floor -- this thing was useless . It slid around worse than my cane tip by itself . If you get down on your knees each time you want to use it with a can of Pledge and a dust rag and clean all the dust off the floor first , then do that to the bottom of this endpin rest , it 'd probably work fine -- but who wants that ? Or you could spill some cola on the floor first and let it get tacky -- that would help this endpin rest considerably , I 'll bet . Or just use it on carpeting.Anyway , I made the perfect endpin rest myself . It consists of a metal cappuccino cup and four-foot web strap and buckle . One end of the strap goes around the cup handle and the other goes around the rung or leg of whatever chair or stool I 'm sitting on . Totally solid and secure . Works absolutely perfectly .
 My daughter received this stopper with her cello . I agree with the reviewer above . It does n't have enough `` non slip '' product on the bottom to keep it from sliding on a hard wood or linoleum floor . It just slides all around . The bottom padding is a fine rubber , but does n't grip enough . It is useless . I would recommend another product .
 This is not a great Psychobilly album . Especially since in later albums the bassist is a different person -LRB- seeing that on this album the bassist is from The Quakes , which is a much better band -RRB- some songs are good like Noctournal , Outlaw Heart , Trance and Twenty Flight Rock . But if you want real Psychobilly , listen to Nekromantix , Guana Batz , Blazing Haley , The Meteors -LRB- which are the original Psychobilly band -RRB- , and The Quakes . The guitar on their second album is very poor , with simplistic riffs , and far too catchy tunes . Hopefully they release a good album soon .
 Upon recieving the cd I found that the plastic cd holder was broken and that someones initals are written on the cd . This was not mentioned in the discription , it was stated that the cd was in good condition and the cd is scratched up . Im really not happy with the condition of the item .
 Pretty much sums it up . Austin B did n't really seam to care took a long time to get a rma and credit . Was supposed to be for my daughters B-day . What a joke.The quality of the one i did get was horrible .
 I found it very annoying there were scratches on it and the box it came in was all broken and stuff.it had this fret buzz and no matter what i did i could n't fix it !! but i was amused with the amp it made this wierd sound but i liked that sound it was sounded like a classic thing . I was also dissapointed with it cheesy parts it came with this strap -LRB- not very Use full though -RRB- i do n't recommend using it with expensive guitars it just might break and drop your guitar . I recommend this new players -LRB- no experience at all -RRB- but not to those who have been playing and have other more high quality guitars because you WILL be dissapointed !
 After two uses the amplifier stopped working . There was sound coming out but no amplification . The customer service asked it to be shipped to CA . After that they stopped answering the phone . Shipping would have cost a bunch , so gave it for repair to a local repair shop . They looked at it and said it was fried , the whole board needed replacement costing $ 250 . Finally threw the amplifier in the trash and bought Behringer instead .
 I loved this system after I bought it brand new , out of the original boxes . I used it for a few months until suddenly it stopped working . I loved this thing until it lasted much less than one measly year . That was quite a large expense to not even work . Did not even come with a warranty as far as I can tell . What a waste of hundreds of dollars
 This strap is well-made and potentially comfortable , but at its longest length , shorter than many other straps I own . Disappointing but not worth returning .
 I play an acoustic and the strap really is too short . It should have been about 5 '' longer . I read the reviews and I thought maybe the guys who play electric below their belts thought it was too short , but apparently unless you 're 90 years old and play your guitar under your chin it 's just too darn short . The other problem is that the strap adjustment loops on the back do n't lay flat . Therefore , you have a constant bump on your back where the strap adjustment is at . I would have sent this back but my wife threw away the packaging so I 'm basically stuck with it .
 The instrument I received was unable to play from the 4th to 10th fret on the 1st E string , it would rattle against the other frets and make it unable to play the certain note . The Neck alignment was completely warped and almost unplayable . It was gifted for me as a present for Christmas and you could imagine the disappointment hearing the dead notes .
 Lots of harmonic overtones and ghost notes . Works fine in reverb circuit but not in phase inverter or beginning gain stages . Too many microphonics !!
 This lamp is not good enough to meet standards for daily use or for anyone who uses a notebook full of sheet music on a standard stand . The clamp is definitely cheap quality . The weight of the lamp head moves the light downward no matter how tightly you cinch the nut/bolt assemply.The light socket is poor quality and jiggles a bit if the stand is nudged or moves with the action nearby . It 's a cheap price , but also a cheap lamp . Replaced it immediately and put this one in the workshop , where I find it just as inadequate .
 When I read about this amplifier and it 's 2000w power I was expecting something powerful . When I did a standard stereo connection , I set the volume all the way up and It was just slightly louder than my 150w home stereo . Not at all what I was hoping for . Of course , if you do a bridge mono connection , with 2 cabinet speakers connected in series , It does get louder , but it still sounds more like 400w than 2000w . I think that the `` 2000w '' claim is misleading , when you can only get about 200w in a regular stereo connection . More or less what you get with a consumer home stereo .
 The product that I have gotten was not and is not the product that I ordered , the picture and the specifictions that companied the item do not match the object that I have in my house . It clearly shows that there is no ipod dock in the picture nor in the specifictions , and yet the mixer that I have dose have that area . In conclution , not a good buy .
 I ordered this dj set because i had this exact set years ago . When the package arrived it was not was pictured or described on the website . Instead of the Dj turntable Package , I received the iDj . What makes it worse is the Turntables were belt driven . Not sure if the picture and description were wrong or there was a mishap at the warehouse .
 My son wanted this for Christmas really bad . It looked good , but when it arrived one of the turntables did n't work at all . We wanted to try to exchange the product to give it one more chance , but I ca n't get Amazon to return my email to them . This item did n't show up as a purchase so I could n't use their `` easy to return '' policy . Apparently they know I purchased it since I 've been asked for a review . I really would like to exchange it and try again , but because of the difficulties I 've encountered , my advice would be to not purchase electronics from Amazon or you could get stuck with a piece of equipment that does n't work !
 This product uses 2nd order 12 dB/slopes which is not the industry standard . This information is not available on the website . The only way to find this out is to buy the unit and examine it . Hooking the unit up is not necessary to see that it wo n't work . The selectable crossover frequencies are useless and the technology so old and obsolete the unit has no practical application . I have returned the unit for a full refund which was promptly given without a problem . Tracking of the shipping was excellent . I recently ordered a DBX unit which uses 24dB/octave slopes ... the industry standard for not that much more.I wish to add that I spent over 30 years in all strata of the consumer electronics field . I was the socal manufacturers representative for adcom , SAE and Apt Holman among others . Today I am retired and building my own hybrid modular stacks . My reference system consists of a VSP Labs TM 150 high current solid state amp dedicated to the subs and that requires a crossover freq of 80 to 100hZ at 24dB/octave . My reference amplifiers are VTL 225 deluxe monoblocs with 8 kt90 tubes each in triode operation . The VTLs are biwired to the MID/treble units which are crossed over with passive units on first order slopes . The entire system complies with THX standards as developed by Tomlinson Holman of George Lucas and Skywalker Ranch fame.If you are listening to a pair of old Altec Lansing Voice of the theater speaker systems with horns or something as archaic or similar like Bozac Concert Grands and you feel the need to biamp , then buy the Pyle . Otherwise , you will find the crossover selection of frequencies on the Pyle will not work with any of today 's audiophile quality systems , let alone the slopes .
 I bought a pair of Pyle Pro speakers a few years ago . When arrived one of the speakers were was just hanging in the hole . I sent it back and received a new one and everything was great . Since then I had to sell them . And now I was looking for new speakers and I saw these 15 '' Pyle Pros and I thought great I know these speakers so I bought two of them 3/2011 . Got them the next day through Amazons one day service . But the good news stops there . One of the two speakers worked and the other was damaged and did not work . so I boxed it back up and sent it back to Amazon -LRB- I had to wait for them to get them back in stock -RRB- I ordered another one and when it arrived guess what it did n't work The magnet came off the back of the speaker ... WOW ... So I boxed up that one to send back . In the meantime I turned on my PA for Band Practice and in around five minutes the first speaker that worked stopped working . So now I have sent all the speakers back . All I can say is they used to have great speakers . . I do n't know if they had a bad batch and I got them all or if Pyle Pro has just dropped the ball ... I hate to leave a bad review but I think they deserve one ... Pyle Pro lets just say Pile !!!!!
 hello , i recently bought this item -LRB- 12-29-09 -RRB- and it arrived quick , but the major problem was that it had something loose inside and the woofer sounded very low , it turn out that a part of the crossover was broken and the woofer was blown . so please be caustious when you order the item , other than that the cabinet is nice looking -LRB- i replaced the speaker -RRB- and it sounds GREAT not too large nor to little
 I had ordered 2 of these to add to a DJ setup and I do realize that they are cheap and all , but when I went to test them , one sounds great and the second one sounds like trash ! It sounds like the woofer has `` popped '' and will need replaced .
 I bought this subwoofer to share the load with another powered subwoofer . I wanted something economical and functional for small dance hall settings . I needed something on the other side of the room that provided a balance of power - if you will . I realize Pyle products are entry level but , I was curious to learn the quality of bass a $ 100 subwoofer could reproduce . The product description said it had a built in crossover . Therefore , I expected it to play nothing but bass . However , these Pyle subs do n't . To my disappointment , I heard vocals ! No subwoofer with a built-in crossover should pump mid-range frequencies . Be warned , when you buy this Pyle product , what you 're actually getting is a loudspeaker and not a subwoofer . Final Grade
 I 'm not exactly sure what the tolerance is on `` matched quads '' of tubes . From what I 've read they should be within half a mV of each other . After spending an afternoon swapping all four around to get the best possible match , I still had differences of 4 to 5 millivolts as opposed to .4 or .5 mV . I wo n't be buying from these guys again .
 The blue lights were blinding and the graphic display was upside down . Bad quality !! I would not purchase this item .
 ... uhh , stuff . This ... thing arrived on my doorstep today , and was promptly unpacked and placed on top my Sony receiver for hooking up and testing . The first step was to plug it into an unused outlet in my 120VAC surge supressor - with the Pyle turned off , of course . At least I thought the Pyle was turned off ... or maybe the Pyle was sort of off , sort of on . The problem was
 The unit works fine but the unit had been open and used . It sould have been sold as refurbishrd.I will keep it because it to much trouble to return .
 just garbage enough said , product wouldnt charge , cheaply Made trash , would refer this product to anyone , get a better one at your local walmart
 I really like this , but after 2 weeks , I charged it and it spoilt . I do n't know why it suddenly spoilt ...
 Its of very poorer quality or lower standard ... I do n't know how come people have given it 5 star.I ordered the same system in past and i was not able to recognized my own voice.But recently reading good reviews , I thought I might have received defective one.But again same story.This time even the FM did n't work . The output does n't seems to match even 40Watts and in description it says 80 watts.I did n't have good experience with any of Pyle systems so far.Thanks to Amazon for excellent return policy
 The product was average . Not fancy but good volume and easy to use . Some static when I talk . I received wrong item first , and the sellers customer service was not polite .
 Bought this for my daughters 16th bday for her garage band vocals and imagine the dissapointment , it does not work . Radio comes on but no sound from microphone . We tried charging it overnight and new batteries for the Mic and still nothing . Save your money !!
 great machine if you do n't plan on turning the volume past 1 . If you do , get ready for distortion.Seems like a toy even tho it 's pitched as a real PA system . boo !
 I bought this item for my younger child . He loves to play with his older brother 's professional musician drumsticks . I thought this set will be ideal , but as soon as I opened the package , I was shocked.I have .99 c store close to our home and this toy looked like I just got it from that store.I hope I will refund my money .
 There is no way this amp is 150 watts ! Unless you have a foot peddle for your guitar for distortion or whatever as there is no `` Gain '' control on this amp . Decent sound for an acoustic but not 150 watts worth !
 This item claims to be 150watt , Its not Idont think its 15watt poor sound and try another , this is not a quility item
 I ordered this amp hoping for something that would work with my bass and guitar for rehearsals . I was a little iffy because of the varied reviews ; it seemed to have as many bad as good . Turns out the QC on these is horrible , I know sometimes you get a bad egg -LRB- I work on computers , you ca n't catch em all -RRB- but that being said the QC on these amps leaves alot to be desired . First of all , I paid $ -LSB- ... -RSB- for a NEW amp , and I got a refurbished one . But hey I could overlook that if the speaker in the amp had actually been mounted to something inside , not just flopping around . And to top it all off the cover on the voltage switch had been messed with before I even got it . Avoid this brand and spend a little bit more money to get something with better quality . Though I must say , Amazon did an amazing job handling the returns . I did n't even have to pay return shipping .
 I have bought several guitar amps and this one was a piece of work ... it has several problems and the one thing i bought it for was the line out and that doesnt work right , it is amplified , making it not a true line out more like a headphone out
 This amp is terrible ! It does n't have any good features . It too quiet ; even when turned all the way up . It also sounds horrible ! When I was first starting to learn how to play the guitar , I thought that this would work out for me . Boy was I wrong.When starting to learn how to play the guitar , you want to have have good gear to be able to sounds good . If you have bad equipment , you sound bad . If you do n't like what you hear , you may think that your just terrible , and just give up . It 's really important to have good gear.That 's why you do not want to buy this amp . Do n't buy it for yourself , your son/daughter , do n't buy it for anybody ! Do n't waist your money ! This amp is the worst !
 the speaker is very weak though it claims to have 150 watts.had to return it but seller wo n't respond since I triedto return it .
 I do not recomend buying from V.I.P. Group Corporation . I recieved my amp , the box was in PERFECT condition . The inner box was perfect . Open it up , a mess !!! The amp top was ripped off in an attempt to do a shotty quik repair to the speaker . They could n't take the 4 screws out , too much work , they just ripped the top off to try to fix something . When they could n't fix it , they packaged it broken . The top was ripped off in the box along with the speaker out . They could n't even take the time to screw in the screws that hold the speaker in . They done what looks to be a hammer job on the screws . I mean by that , they hit the SCREWS in with a hammer to save time . -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- ??? -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- I am confused on how this company is still around . Maybe this will get someones attention and I will get a amp that works now !!! Oh and before you go and think I do n't know what I am talking about , I work for the quality assurance department for a major shipping company . I know the shipper did n't do this , I study this kind of thing daily .
 Purchased this amplifier for my husband for Christmas . He has bought 3-4 different cables for this product and it still has not worked . When he took it out the box and plugged in the cable it did n't work . He checked to make sure the adapters were the right size and they were and it still wo n't work . He bought other cables and try them and this amplifier still would n't work . I lost my money on this gift for my husband and I was very disappointed because I felt like I was buying him the best gift ever . Boy was I wrong . I just gave away $ 89 on a piece of junk that has never worked at all . Do n't purchase this product it is a waste of your money . I got got .
 Purchased this item , from the first day it had sound problems . Too underpowered and did n't sound clear . Today it quit on me . I barely used this amp at all . In my opinion a cheaper amp would have sounded a lot better and would still be working . Pyle never again .
 I bought this guitar for my dad as a starter guitar and was very disappointed . Very hard to tune ... For a few more bucks I could have gotten a different brand . Not worth the extra stuff they added to it ... If I could return it I will ... Dont buy ...
 I bought this guitar for my son for Christmas and it is now August and the guitar is coming unglued . He has taken very good care of the guitar . He puts it back in the case and sets it on the stand when not it use . He got it out of the case today to play and was in tears because the glue had come on undone where the strings are attached to the guitar . I would definately save your money and put it toward a more expensive guitar which we now have to go buy .
 I was excited to purchase this guitar as a family gift for Christmas . There are several good reviews for it on Amazon and other sites , so I felt hopeful . Unfortunately , when we brought this guitar to a friend to be tuned , he pointed out a few things that totally escaped my amateur eyes - namely , the bridge was cracked , and one of the strings was strung improperly and played with a noticeable hum . We had it taken to a professional guitar shop , where we were told he could make it &#34; playable &#34; for about $ 30 , but it would never be top quality . Since the guitar could n't be played as-is , we returned it as a defective item to Amazon . I 'll think more about how much I want to invest in a guitar and go with some more professional opinions in the future.IMPORTANT to note
 After reading the reviews I decided to go ahead and order this . It physically looks nice but it sounds pretty bad . Plus , it is impossible to tune and when you do it does n't stay tuned for long . I will definitely be purchasing something else , this was a waste of money for me .
 The guitar arrived in great condition . However , the travel bag was extremely molded and smelled . It was gross . I wanted to send the entire pack back , but I would not of had a gift for my daughter 's 13th birthday . I do n't understand how the guitar was not molded but not the bag was . I had to toss the travel . BIG BUMMER !!!
 When I get the package I was so excited , and the guitar is pretty nice . When I was tring to tune the string , one of them is really hard to tune and the 3rd sting was broken when I tune the string !!!!! That is so unusual , buecause I bought guitar before and this sistuation never happend . I hope the seller could contact me ASAP and tell me what should I do right now !
 Any Silvertone acoustic guitar is not worth the money . These guitars are low quality . When I play anything , it is hard to hear it since the sound of it is very deep and mellow . Also , the action on it was TERRIBLE . It was so hard to play a power chord in drop D on the 1st and 2nd frets . It left marks on your fingers since you needed so much force to press the strings down . Also , there was a lot of fret buzz on the 1st fret of the E and A string . Lastly , the guitar does not say in tune because the tuners were loose all time -LRB- even if I tightened them -RRB- . I would not recommend this to anyone . Trust me , you can get way , way better guitars for only $ 20 more .
 The buzzing on this guitar was so bad that it was literally not playable . I even checked with a professional musician friend of mine to be sure I was n't doing something wrong , being somewhat of a beginner myself . He could n't play it either and recommended a get a higher quality -LRB- and more expensive -RRB- guitar than the Silvertone .
 Absolute garbage . If you want a product that will be good even when you reach intermediate levels and is still cheap I would recommend an epiphone . Believe me I 've played guitar for some time now . A bad instrument can be very discouraging to beginners .
 I purchased this guitar to learn how to play . The poor quality made that difficult . Guitar will not tune easily or stay tuned for long.The tuner that comes with it does not work properly . Save yourself the headache and buy better quality .
 If you buy these cards to go along with a new set of colored handbells for your child , you will be disappointed . I 'm not a musical talent , but I believe these cards are to be used to teach more advanced musicians how to make chords with the handbells . They have absolutely no value if you 're just learning to play one note at a time .
 You get what you pay for , which is to say , not very much . This little equalizer suffers from multiple deficiencies . Setting aside the `` user interface '' issues for the moment , the basic equalization functionality suffers for two distinct reasons . First , it is not a `` constant Q '' equalizer , which means that there is at most one position for each of the sliders at which the gain/attenuation applied to that frequency will blend correctly with the adjacent bands . When only moderate amounts of gain/attenuation are applied , the effect spreads over the adjacent bands , and when stronger gain or attenuation is applied , you end up with a narrow peak or notch centered on that band . This used to be a fundamental problem with most graphic equalizers , and `` constant Q '' equalizers were developed expressly to avoid this problem.The other problem with basic equalization functionality can be even more problematic , depending on your circumstances . The first test you should perform with any equalizer is to move all the sliders to the lowest position and see what effect this has on the sound , and then repeat with the sliders at the highest position . When all sliders are in the same position , the volume level will vary according to the position , but the tonality should be the same as when all sliders are in the middle position . Not so with this equalizer . When all sliders are in the lowest position , the deep bass is greatly exaggerated , and when all sliders are in the highest position , the deep bass is greatly attenuated . The reason is that moving any single slider is equivalent in effect to moving all other sliders an equal amount in the opposite direction . But with this equalizer , the lowest band is two and two-thirds octave higher than 20 Hz , and has no appreciable effect on the very lowest frequencies , at least not when moved far enough to have any discernible effect at all . If you move the 63 Hz slider -LRB- and to a lesser extent the 125 Hz slider -RRB- up , the effect is partly to attenuate frequencies below about 50 Hz . To avoid this effect , you have keep all the sliders below the midpoint , which means that even if you use the 12 dB setting , you end up with a 6 dB window , i.e. , + / - 3 dB.The user interface is horrendous , plagued by the use of push buttons having two alternative positions whereas rotary switches together with clear labeling would make it possible to discern the various settings at a glance . The power button on the far right appears brightly lit if you look down it from about 30 degrees from the horizontal , but looks barely lit at all if you look straight into it . The nearby EQ Mode button is less brightly lit from any viewing angle , and is barely lit when you look straight into it . The 6dB/12dB button is dim green when it is not pushed in , which is inconsistent with respect to the EQ Mode button , and is amber when pushed in . You have to read the lettering to associate its position with its effect , and the color is not helpful here because it does n't tell you whether the button is pushed in and the labeling does not say , `` amber for 6 dB vs. green for 12 dB '' . On the left , the low frequency cut button is amber when pushed in , again inconsistent with the EQ Mode button -LRB- and inconsistent with the 6dB/12dB button since the low-cut button does not light when disengaged -RRB- . The bypass button is labeled `` IN/OUT '' , and is dim green when out , and bright green when in . There is no text printed on the face near this button other than `` IN/OUT '' . The `` Master Select '' button determines whether the parallel columns of LEDs show the signal level for input vs. output . Its behavior is similar to the IN/OUT button except that if either of these buttons is engaged -LRB- pushed in -RRB- , the other one , if not engaged , will be dimly lit , owing to light leakage between the two , behind the face of the unit.Aside from all of this , it just looks and feels like a piece of cheap junk that you could buy at JunkMart under any of several different brands with only minor cosmetic differences . It weighs far less than the audio cables that you connect at the rear , which causes it to tilt down at the back with the front sticking up a half inch or so above the surface that you want for it to sit on , level . Of course you can get around that by setting something heavy on top of it . But that adds more clutter to something that already looks like clutter.On the other hand , when you consider the cost , it is probably a decent value . I thought that I would be able to ignore the shortcomings , but now find that I am going to have to pay to return it to Amazon . I am glad that I bought it from Amazon , and not from one of those other companies where I might have trouble returning it .
 Unless you 're buying this for an -LSB- ... -RSB- old that 's just starting to play guitar , do n't waste your money - matter of fact , you would n't be happy with it then either . `` First Act '' has a cheaper , better sounding amp . It has rattled from day one , does n't have a mid setting -LRB- just bass & treble -RRB- , and bass ca n't be turned up past 3 without some MAJOR rattling . Save your money - skip this amp !
 These are awful . They leave white paint all over the drumheads and the cymbals . Get the other Zildjian stick/mallet combos and save your kit !
 First of all , they stopped making these because they ca n't find any replacement `` Magnapads . '' But the Magnapad starts coming off little by little , right from the start . Without being able to replace the Magnapad , the tuner becomes more and more useless as the stuff peels off the back when you twist the tuner off your guitar . Eventually it wo n't stick to the guitar at all and the tuner beomes worthless .
 Accurate tuning for the most part . Does not pick up signal well on solid body electrics . Not suitable as a stage tuner .
 We got wake boards and my kids want to know how to use them . We know nothing about the sport.Watched this DVD - and there are some good parts for the beginner but most of this video was not really valid for us . Only about 5 min 's of video were worth watching , the rest was a lot of filler and presented information out of order the way a beginner would want to watch it.With that said - I could not find a better video to buy . There is some value in this DVD , but not worth the price .
 Where is the the Metal cap that Is suppose to come with the ligature ? It says Ligatures and caps , but I never received a Ligature . False advertising . However it is a great ligature . Works well with my otto link florida .
 Book Mays did not send my item and failed to warn me that it was out of stock . After numerous attempts to contact them directly and through Amazon , I canceled the order . They then sent me the items and them sent me a threatening letter to return the items or pay for them , otherwise they would take legal action and ding my credit . What terrible customer service .
 Hello all , I would be wary about buying a Yamaha DGX-500 from a third party seller from Amazon.I bought my DGX-500 last summer for about $ 400 . It seemed like a good deal b/c comparable models were at least $ 200 more . There 's a reason that Yamaha no longer offers the DGX-500 and the only ones you can find are refurbished . The keyboard worked fine for 2 months , and I was very happy with it . But one day I turned it on but the keys no longer played any notes . I could turn on the keyboard , I could see the display was working , I could hear music whenever I pushed the demo button , but when I try to press a key nothing happens . I believe there 's a connection problem between the keys and the actual keyboard.Amazon was no help after a month , because I bought the keyboard from a third-party vendor , and they do not take responsibility for their third party vendors . I called Yamaha and they tried to help me out , but they were of no help . I could not reset the keyboard because the keys did not work -LRB- If you push the highest key while turning on the keyboard , it 's suppose to reset the keyboard and give you a message , but I got no message -RRB- . Yamaha 's warranty was not applicable because the vendor was not an authorized Yamaha dealer.In retrospect , I wish I had bought the keyboard from a local shop . I would have gladly payed an extra $ 200 not to have to deal with this hassle .
 I ordered promark sd1 because its a great model but I recieved a pair of vic Firth sd1 's instead ... . wtf ? so yeah , do n't buy from this seller .
 I have to agree 100 percent with the reviews below
 As a former music major who writes instrumental and vocal music , and who is not creating a CD or music video for her music at this time , this program drove me CRAZY !!! In spite of great searching , I was unable to see both tracks for a song at the same time in a standand layout except while in Print Preview Mode . All other times , it just continued scrolling indefinitely ! I could not change a note to an accidental unless I used Piano scroll mode -LRB- a huge grid with a piano keyboard sideways on the left -RRB- . I could not insert a repeat sign or a fermata to save my life . These may be available , but the program certainly was not intuitive , nor accessible using the help options I used . While many wannabee rock star composers could not care less about these things , people with serious music backgrounds will sorely miss an accessible way to write musical notations . In spite of it being marketed as ideal software for all music writers , it seems this program was designed for music creators who do not know how to write music to captured their music in a variety of ways , modify it , and prepare their own CDs and videos.I purchased this program less than a year ago , and have not been able to complete the tortuous process of inputing -LRB- by hand -RRB- even one song with this program . I am now looking for a new program that meets the needs of musicians who understand musical notation and want a computer to help provide neat , printed copies of their music .
 To be honest , I had previously written a scathing review of this product . I have decided in the light of recent events to append it . I am giving this prog 4 stars , -LRB- unfortunately , the ranking ca n't be changed in an appended review -RRB- . If your soundcard has both WDM and ASIO drivers , this software will automatically detect the WMD 's , resulting in latency probs . Manually connecting to the ASIO drivers within the program solves the problem , thus the appended review . The dxi soft synths in this prog are quite lame , and the sounds rather poor . However , it get 's high marks for it 's combination of low price and a very full featured loopintg and recording system . It also has great plugin flexibility . For what you pay for it , it 's a sweet little program . It only get 's 4 stars due to it 's lack of decent soft synths , but beyond that , an excellent prog .
 If you are new to creating music on computer , and just want to delve lightly into the process , stay far away from any software developed by this company . -LRB- I bought Music Creator 3 . -RRB- Newbies beware - never venture here ! I am not , nor will I ever be , a high-end user like the other reviewers . I produce multimedia not music . I just need straightforward tools to create music for presentations -LRB- so I can quit buying readymade music/MIDI clips -RRB- . Unfortunately -LRB- ? -RRB- , I used my child 's MAC and Garage Band before using Cakewalk . I was tainted by instructions that made sense , an intuitive software interface , and music actually coming out of the computer .
 I bought this as a girt for my wife a year ago . It has done nothing but confuse and frustrate both of us . The instructions may have well been written in Martian . Leave this alone ! If you get it for free you have still paid too much .
 This program about made me go crazy just trying to get it to work . All I wanted was something with which I could record bass and guitar tracks and add prerecorded drum tracks to those so I could record some demos for my band , but apparently that was asking too much . This program refused to work on my laptop , it kept saying something about how the MIDI interface was n't supported . Gee really ? I wounder how the heck Guitar Pro 4 works on my laptop them since that uses MIDIs too ? And for some reason , because it refused to use the MIDI on my soundcard , I could n't record real instruments . Now , I 'm no expert , but what do MIDIs have to do with actual audio tracks ? And why could n't I record any bass or guitar parts and play them back ? I guess that uses MIDI too , amazing . I had someone who works on computers for a living look at it and they were dumbfounded at why it was doing what it was doing . Then I tried to use this program on my parents desktop , but I had lost the slip that the CD came in , which had the needed code to install on it . So basicly I ended up throwing $ 40 down the drain . I should 've put that money towards a decent program or wasted it on something fun at least , like fireworks or strippers .
 I assumed these were the Bill Bruford Signature Sticks , not the case .
 THis software is crap . It 's a toy , not professional . Do n't waste your money on this . Why do n't have a downloadable demo ? Because then no one would buy it .
 do n't waste your time . Every time I try to use it , it makes me call them , then I have to wait about a week to get them to send me some authorization code , after they try to sell me a newer version for $ $ $
 This guitar is crap !!! I had already spent the money on it and my son was so excited ... after a month he came to me letting me know that it is always out of tune and plays like crap ... too late for me to send it back . DONT waste your money !!!
 Really Upset !!! Just recieved this guitar today , but it did n't make me happy.After waiting a week for the guitar to be delivered , I was super excited to open the package . After I opened it , i saw a scratch down the middle of the white part of the guitar -LRB- i do n't know what it 's called , bought this guitar as a beginner -RRB- . Also the guitar strap smells really bad , maybe from packaging . Anyways , I say do n't buy THIS guitar . I do n't know maybe it was just my luck , but if i were you i would n't take the risk .
 This guitar is freakin bad ... the zipper of the gig bag broken in 2 weeks ... the tuner dont tune right . . the picks are really bad ... the strap is bad . . it scratch on shoulder ... the metal thing that hold the strap broke ... this guitar is really bad . . do not buy it . . i dont recommend it ... the amp . . sounds bad sometimes . . this guitar its not good enough for its price ... this guitar is worth for me . . like 20 bucks ... just that .
 La verdad esperaba una guitarra de mejor calidad . El sonido no es bueno .
 THIS IS THE WORST EVER I AM JUST LEARNING HOW TO PLAY AND AFTER THE SECOND DAY THE CABLE TO THE AMP STARTED TO MESS UP -LRB- I AM TELLING EVERYONE IN THE WORLD NOT TO BUY THIS JUNK . -RRB-
 I did n't want to rate this item because I never got to try it out but the system forced me to choose a star in order to write this review . Guitar shipped from American Musical Store and was n't packaged properly . Was shipped right off the shelf with no extra packaging for protection therefore when it arrived the guitar was damaged . Had to go thru American Musical to get a return shipping label as Amazon does n't handle returns on things they do n't ship directly . The guitar/amp/accessories where at great deal but unfortunately not great enough for me to keep damaged goods .
 The zipper on the gig bag broke within the first week and the screw part of the whammy bar stripped on both parts so it is now unuseable . This is a rather low-quality product . If you are just looking for something to noodle about on , I guess it would work , but to me this was a huge ripoff . Add that to the fact that amazon customer service and shipping is an utter nightmare and you 've got yourself one star . Perhaps if they did n't outsource everything it would n't be such a huge problem to get issues resolved ! My advice
 I ordered this guitar since I felt it was reasonable for the offered price . But please think before you buy this item . The product as such is not bad for the price except for one reason , the fretboard separations have knife like sharp edges which makes playing impossible with out injuring your fingers . I am not sure whether only I encountered such a piece.Now I have to go through the pain of packing the stuffs and returning it !
 I bought this guitar for my husband as a Christmas present . What a disappointment . He tried tuning it and it would not tune right . It kept making a buzzing sound . We took it to a repair shop and they said the next was so warped and twisted there was nothing they could do to fix it . We returned the guitar for a replacement . The replacement was worse then the original . They said the frets looked like they 'd never been sanded . They were uneven and too high . The neck was warped and there was was something wrong with it he could n't figure out . There was so much static coming from the guitar he was amazed they even let it off the line . What a HUGE dissapointment .
 I bought this as a Christmas present for my son . He used it for about a month before he realized that there is a short in the cord for the amp . The amp is not blown , it is just a problem with the cord . I expected the amp to last longer than a month . I would have returned it sooner , but my son did not tell me that it was not working -LRB- typical 20 year old -RRB- until after the return date was past . I have read that there is a limited warranty on the guitar , but I ca n't find anything about a warranty on the amp . Is there anything I can do , short of paying more money to get the amp repaired ? I am really dis-pleased that my first Amazon order ever only lasted a little over a month . My son loves the gutiar , I ca n't pry it out of his hands .
 The Amp doesnt work at all . The guitar 's workmanship just match its price . If u r looking for a good guitar which is absolute not this one u can close this window .
 Very upset !! My son opened this on Christmas morning only to get an incomplete set . The strings , digital tuner , picks & cord to connect the guitar to the amp were missing . I 've sent Amazon an e-mail already , hopefully they can get this shipped to us quickly . Other than that the guitar and amp look great , hoping to get this up and working . He was really excited then just as equally disappointed !! C'mon Amazon , it 's not that hard to make sure a guitar pack you are selling is completely shipped . I 'll keep updates on how long this takes to get all my parts !!
 Ok , here 's a list of what makes this a bad guitar :1 - The strings do n't feel right . Specially the 6th string . It hits the fret board and makes an annoying sound even if you strum lightly .2 - The amp is not clear .3 - The tuner messes the tuning instead of adjusting it.On the other hand , it has some advantages :1 - The picks are good . They come with different colors.Conclusion : Do n't buy ! Unless it 's you 1st guitar and you do n't want to spend much money . However , if it 's your first time with guitars , I recommend buying an acoustic . Many very good acoustics are sold with cheap prices.Thanks for reading . I hope this was a helpful review .
 first off the guitar was beating up all over the amp wire does n't even fit i didnt even get most of the stuff in the picture no picks none of that stuff so i would say stay away from this guitar unless you really like wasting your good hard earned money
 The guitar is good looking , but as said in other reviews , the 6th string hits the fret board . no matter if you use the picks or your finger . it hits the fret all the way to the 4th fret before it stops vibrating on the frets . the other strings seem to do fine , but even that one string hitting the fret , it ruins trying to play it . The amp cord is pretty cheap , but its what you can expect for $ 119.00 . The amp is pretty loud , and has a good amount of adjustments for various sounds . Even tightening the hell out of the 6th string will not prevent it from vibrating on the frets . a good looking guitar is pretty worthless if it does not play worth a damn.You would think that a guitar company that has been in business this long could manufacture a decent sounding guitar , but I guess it 's since on the guitar it says `` MADE IN CHINA '' on the back .
 This LPA291 product was purchased for a set of LP bongos which fit nicely in the bag . The bag was of a light duty nylon with a bare minimum of padding . The zippers were light duty & delicate . Useage of the zipper caused it to jump off the track easily even while holding the track as straight as possible .
 This Lyre harp is of very poor quality . I expected much better for the price . It looks like a third grader quickly slapped it together and shipped it off .
 You may tap out a beat but these are not able to ria . Also there is no difference in pitch , they sound exactly the same . The cording is extremely thick and long . Fine for a toy . Not good enough for a flamenco dance class .
 these hunks of metal arent even good as toys , the reed plates are too stiff and unresponsive , giving out on the draws and squeaking on the blows.after considerable tweaking I got 3 out of 8 harps to work , if they had n't been a gift I would of ditched them into the trash ...
 The Boss CS-3 is one of the most noisy pedals I 've ever heard . If you enjoy hissing , then this may be the pedal for you . No matter what knob you choose to turn it is noisy.If you want a real compression pedal , that has ZERO noise , then check out TC Electronic 's Vintage Compression . You might have to shell out some extra cash , but there 's NO substitute for a good compression and you might as well go with one of the best out there
 I had this so called compression/sustain pedal for about a minute . Noticed I said for a minute . This pedal more or less is a volume pedal is my only interpretation of it . I sprung for the Janglebox instead . Pricey ? Yes . Worth every penny ? Yes . If you want the Holy Grail of compression/sustain pedals the Janglebox is where it 's at and made in the good old U.S.A. too . I do n't leave home without mine . Boss makes some nice pedals but should drop this joke of a compression/sustain pedal . Very disappointing to say the least .
 I bought the DD3 a few months ago . It worked OK for a few months , then the delay section just died . We have been using this unit in studio the whole time with controlled power input , so the only possible cause of failure is an inherent defect in an internal component . The unit comes with a 5 year warranty . I called the Roland / Boss warranty department for an RMA . Here comes the problem . The 5 year warranty is on parts only . You have to pay for labour at 40 dollars an hour plus shipping and handling both ways . So if they take 2 hours to fix the unit and add 20 dollars for shipping both ways , I would be paying 100 dollars under warranty to fix a unit that costs about that new.If you are contemplating buying a DD3 , keep in mind that the supposed 5-year warranty only covers parts after the first 90 days and is in my opinion therefore worthless .
 I bought this about two years ago and then put it away as I did n't have a use for it . Pulled it back out this week to fire it up and the switch is broken , wo n't stay on . Less than 3 hours of use , and it 's toast . Local Boss repair place quotes a minimum $ 95 fee to replace the switch . Nice sound , but inferior components . Burned .
 This harmonica takes a lot of air . I have several and my favorit is the Hohner Chromonica 280 C
 I was n't impressed with this pedal at all . It sounds really cheap and there is n't a whole lot you can do with it . I 'd shell out the extra $ 20 and get a Big Muff .
 i just recently purchased this pedal here for 35 dollars and there was no power outlet included whats so ever , i chased for it , even ordered one online , nothing . went to radio shack they had none that fits . so called guitar center lady said they have it all ... so lets wait till i get there and see what will happen . i dont understand how they sale us these things on 50 % , hell with this . suppoused to always send an electric equipment with its power outlet ... wtf
 After years of playing acoustic guitar I purchased a Fender Strat and a DS-1 . It does not produce the sound you are expecting , even beginner guitar players have seasoned ears and you will immediately feel cheated . Famous musicians did not record with a stock , present day DS-1 . The BOSS OD-3 can create the sounds you are accustomed to in popular music . If you can not afford it new ... buy a used one like I did . The OD-3 allows the tone of your guitar to come through the distortion . The OD-3 can be compared to higher priced , custom pedals ... but at that level the differences are personal preference and really do n't add to your performance.But the DS-1 sound is unacceptable .
 This is a cheap piece of junk that does what it says , it distorts , You want something to make your guitar sound like junk , this will do it . Why pedals that make your guitar sound like a piece of junk are the most popular is beyond me . This is not a boutique Distortion pedal like Hendrix would use . Boutique and distortion are an oxymoron.These things are built with heavy metal , it should last , I kinda hope it does n't -LRB- just kidding -RRB- , you want distortion , you got distortion
 From Greg Abrams review , entitled `` For all but the tone snobs , '' the first review you read on this product 's page : `` Alright , so you want to get a good -LRB- if somewhat `` basic '' -RRB- distortion sound for less than $ 100 ? This is your deal . `` I strongly disagree . You can find MUCH BETTER distortions for $ 100 or less , even a few near or under the $ 40 mark the DS-1 is currently priced at.I 've played guitar for over 8 years . Like many people one of my first pedal purchases was the DS-1 . Afterall , everyone talks about them , they 're available at any given music store in the nation , you hear about all these famous musicians using them , plus a DS-1 is actually pretty cheap ! So I snapped one up just like everyone else . Come to find out that just because something is POPULAR , that does n't always mean its GOOD -LRB- see
 This pedal is just terrible . Sure its a BOSS , so its not going to break , but the distortion is just awful sounding . Its thin and weak sounding and just muddles everything up . If you buy this pedal , your eventually going to want an upgrade , so why bother ?
 Basic distortion / nothing fantastic . Range is limited . Its a good pedal for someone just starting out.Constructed well looks good sounds less than average . Tried to drive it and it just gets worse . Great pedal for a kid to play with but on stage do n't bother.Selling mine off for some new strings.For the cost your getting ripped off / go with Mod Tone or DigiTech you ca n't go wrong .
 although they look cool , they soung like crap . The tones are dull and the fingers do not slide very easily across the strings . I hope this review helps . .
 Magix products can only be used at one screen resolution . Are you farsighted ? Over 40 years old ? I am both , and can not comfortably view the screen at the resolution required by Magix products . What 's worse , you ca n't scale the Magix screens . You 're stuck with using a high resolution , small type look.Ever try to call Magix ? There 's no one there in support , sales , or service . Even the operator is n't there.Try other products 'til these people come to their senses .
 ... The packaging is very deceptive on this issue , and you 've got to read very closely on the inside flap -LRB- one phrase , in parenthesis , and small print -RRB- to discover that despite at least 11 references to MP3 's plastered all over the box , you ca n't really do anything useful to your MP3 's with this software if you want to still listen to them as MP3 's . Consider this stetement , in large white type one the front
 I recorded a cassette to put onto CD and the recording was quite good but I had endless problems trying to burn the stuff to CD . When I downloaded the Magix ` CD Profiler ' their web site has to help with this , it completely crashed my computer and I had to pull out my recovery disks and lost everything on my C drive.Needs a little more work to make it professional I think ...
 Oh how I wish I 'd checked with Amazon.com before I bought this ... . Despite all of the references to MP3 on the box , the software will not let you encode more than 20 MP3 files without forcing you to pay the manufacturer for an upgrade . Of course you are n't told this until you after it 's installed and you read the on-line help ...
 I 'm surprised that -LSB- it -RSB- would advertise this product as being able to encode MP3.In fact the program will encode MP3 for 20 times . After that , the purchaser must spend $ 14.95 to unlock the encoding capability . -LSB- It -RSB- should mention this additional charge to prospective purchasers .
 I bought one and it fell apart . It looks solidly built but the plastics are rubbish outside looking good . The company was not so generous in support , they could only offer me an overpriced ` buy another one ' as it was outside warranty...18-24 months old when it completely failed due to plastics .
 I have owned this mixer for over a year now and have experienced the following : Audio bleed from the mic channels . I can hear a thump if I tap my mic while the mic volume is at ZERO!One channel of the master output is no longer putting out a clear sound . Not sure when this started but I have switched to using the zone outputs for now.The quality of the mic channels is not great to begin with . Turn the mic bass down to zero and you still sound like Barry White!On the plus side , there are lots of attractive bells and whistles on the board - 3 mic inputs , lighted fader displays , etc.From my experience , the durability and quality are not what I had hoped for .
 Hated these the moment I got the first string on . I stopped at the second and ordered something with which I was already familiar . Tension on these was higher than I care for and the smoothness of playability is less than on the rounds I normally use . A nice experiment , but I wo n't be using these ever again .
 I was quite disappointed by this product . It was said to be reliable in protection to the horn . I am always VERY cautious with my instrument , however , the buckle holding the carrying strap to the case broke and my horn ended up falling and smashing the bell inside the case . Not only did the shoulder strap break , on a second occation the handle strap broke . I did not like having to repair my horn because the case was not durable . The only thing in my case was the horn and a mute , no additional weight was involved . I do not know how the case retails for $ 150 , but I would think twice before purchacing this product . I bought it thinking I would be extra cautious because it was a soft case , but my handling of the horn became a mute point . I would go for a slightly more expensicve , more durable case .
 I had this case for a year with no problems , but then the strap broke unexpectedly . Apparently the piece of fabric that attaches the clasp to the body of case was held on with glue ; not stitched or however else you would logically secure a load-bearing point . Also , the bell area was slightly too small for the bell of my instrument -LRB- Holton -RRB- .
 This case is slightly better than a paper bag . If you absolutely have to have a case with minimum weight and bulk this might be your best bet .
 This turned out to be too big for my cordless phone . If you have a cordless phone make sure you measure the back of the phone carefully before ordering . My phone had holes on the back which could n't be covered up and this rest was way too big for my phone . This company charges a restocking fee and may not credit you for your purchase once the package is opened so beware.SOFTALK LLC / SOF802 / ii Telephone Shoulder Rest , 6-1/2 Long x 2w x 2-1/2 h , Charcoal / Sold as 1 EA
 I 've given Cleartone two chances , but the plain strings corrode too quickly for my liking . They last pretty much as long as untreated strings . The wound strings do last a while , however . I do n't see the point , though , if you need to replace the plain strings often.Sound-wise , I ca n't comment , as I do n't have magic ears and do n't really hear much difference between string sets . After throwing your guitar through different pedals and signal processors and amps , does it really matter , anyway?That said , if longevity is what you 're seeking , have a look at Elixirs . If not , stick to cheap , untreated strings . You 'd be changing them as often as you would with Cleartones , it 'd seem .
 This strobe is AWESOME while it works . It is extremely bright the and great to have as a DJ . I have come into ownership of three of the lights brandnew . One I bought off amazon , the other two were given . After just 3 dances , only one light works now.The problems.Light # 1 does n't do ANYTHING . Not a single flash ... -LRB- and YES , I did try changing the bulbs out -RRB- Light # 2 strobes at random , and does not work in manual mode . However , it does work when plugged into a strobe controller.Light # 3 still works.I have always liked chauvet gear , but after this experience I WOULD NOT buy this product again . I would go with a more expensive alternative that is built to last more than three gigs .
 This item was bought for a Christmas gift . Item was opened on Christmas day . Did not work . Was told we had to pay to ship it back , no guarantee that a new one would work , and if we recieved another one that was defective also , we 'd have to pay to ship it back again !! Was told by seller that it was `` only fair '' that they not have to pay to ship the broken item back to them and the new item to us ! Yes , I believe that 's exactly what they should do . It is their responsibilty to provide items that are in working order , and if not , to replace at NO cost to buyer ! If you do buy from this seller , pray it works , if not , you 're on your own !
 I 'm a fairly busy mobile DJ with a solid , three tower lighting setup . I needed to add a bright strobe , and I was encouraged reading the reviews on this produce.You can imagine my disappointment when I received the strobe , and it simply would not work . I contacted the Chauvet tech support and they could n't get it to work . So , I assumed it was just a defective product and returned it to Amazon . So it goes sometimes , right?I received a replacement strobe within a couple of days ... I was really happy at the service from Amazon . That is , until I plugged it in and discovered I had received yet ANOTHER DEFECTIVE unit that would not work.Fool me once , shame on you . Fool me twice , shame on me . I returned it to Amazon today and asked for a refund instead of a replacement . I 'm still in the market for a quality , controllable strobe ...
 I ordered it for my daughter 's 12th birthday party , because she really wanted dancing . It was a last minute order , because I had been planning to rent one until I saw what the rental rates were.It worked out of the box perfectly , once . A little weaker than I had hoped , but that was not wholly unexpected , since the script suggested multiple lights.I did , however , expect it to work more than 5 minutes . That 's how long we had it going on the test run the day before the party . The next day at the party , the steady strobe failed completely . We could only get it to work with the sound activated function , and that only worked with the speakers literally pressed against the sides of the light . That meant that it could n't be suspended , we had to sit it on the table , so it was in everybody 's eyes.I 'm pretty disappointed .
 This item was delivered to me with a huge crack in it and it did NOT work . Thanks .
 I was excited to get this strobe light based on reviews . But when I received it , I read the instructions , and plugged it in . It worked right away , strobes fine , but a little off beat . Not constant strobes , then it stopped working completely just after about 10 minutes in . The fuse is fine . I do n't know why it already does n't work , but I am going to contact the seller and see what happens from there . I plugged it into a grounded outlet , it was set to the right power option . It would be a good strobe light if it worked .
 This strobe is poorly made . Arrived damaged and with ? screws ? loose inside . Made of light and fragile plastic . Knobs on back do not have hard stops so feel cheap too .
 If you 're looking for a good , durable case , keep on searching . This bag does the trick , it fits my doumbek perfectly , but it 's very cheaply made and the `` backpack '' straps can not be used as a backpack . It does n't protect your drum at all , there 's no panding . Essentially , it 's good for the handle if you need to grab it with one hand carry other things . Otherwise , this bag has no purpose .
 This thing ripped the first time I put my drum into it . Also , the straps are flimsy , which almost caused me to drop -LRB- and likely break -RRB- the drum .
 I bought this in order to save space in a move and paid the price . I completely filled it and found that most of my dvds are now scratched . I should 've just bought a couple smaller case logics instead OR even just kept my collection in their respective cases . The pages are the poorest material I 've ever seen used . Do n't waste your money . You 'll lose your dvds/cds if you do .
 I never used this brand before i ordered these . They split almost immediately . I went through them way to soon . I was not pleased with this product .
 I 've been using Primo 's for a while and love them but they 're very hard to find.Thought I try these b/c of the good reviews.Very disappointed ... these reeds -LRB- and I tried 7 of the 10 to be sure -RRB- sound like I 'm playing thru a towel ... Muffled & weak.On the upside , I purchased the Rico &#34; plastiCOVER &#34; reeds in the same orderand absolutely love them !!! They last long & provide excellent tone throughoutthe life the reed .
 My review is based on one purchase of 3-pack , so this is an account of my personal experience with this particular purchase and not a review based on extensive sampling of the brand . One out of the three reeds in the package was cracked and could not be played at all -LRB- reed case obscured the fault -RRB- , one read was not cut well and will need some work and one reed appeared OK but , after playing it , I found it was much stiffer than indicated strength , so it will require more work . I found such obvious lack of quality control on part of manufacturer appalling . I bought quite of few reeds in the past -LRB- some even without brand names -RRB- and never before I was moved to write a negative review . I will never buy Rico Royal again .
 This pedal works ok for practicing . If you have an amp with no distortion whats so ever , I guess this will get the job done . But I STRONGLY advise against recording using this pedal . Have tried to run it to an amp and mic it . Have also tried running it straight in to a recording device , and the result is always the same
 I ordered the BLUE , PLASTIC egg shaker for my 8 month old son 's Easter basket . What arrived is a shaker egg that is made of what looks like rawhide . I did some research and it is the Meinl SKIN egg shaker . It does n't specify what animal the skin comes from . Cow ? Pig ? Dog ? Human ? Who knows ? I am horrified . Aside from being plain gross , it is a hazard , as my dog will immediately want to chew it , and could then get sick if he gets through the SKIN and releases the stones inside . I am angry that I was n't sent the product that I ordered .
 I 'm a beginning adult guitarist and wanted to play around with the different sounds that I could get from using a pedal . Not wanting to spend a ton of money I found the SD-1 came highly rated and at a good price . The pedal came and I plugged it into my small tube amp and began noodling around . At first the unit was great . Again , I 'm a beginner so I 'm sure that I was n't using this thing to it 's potential but it was still fun to hear the different sounds I could get . I used the pedal maybe 5 times in my basement , never out of the house , no gigs , nothing like that . Around the fifth time I used the pedal it started acting up . With the pedal hooked up but not activated I had no problems . When I activated the overdrive I would get static coming through the amp . Thinking it was either a cable gone bad or a tube possibly going out I swapped all that out for new items . The problem persisted.I contacted the customer support by email and got a reply saying that the pedal sounded defective and would need to go in for repair . Remember , this is a brand new pedal that has been used a total of two weeks at this point . I called the customer support number included in the email to talk with a representative . They agreed that the pedal needed to come in for repair and that I would need to pay for return shipping on the item.As the product was brand new , for me to pay to ship back a clearly defective item was inane . I told the representative this and was told that 's the way it was , take it or leave it , then I was hung up on . I called back , different representative but same answer , this time I was n't hung up on though.I would understand if the pedal had been used longer but this pedal was two weeks old . I refused to spend any more money on a product of a company that completely fails to cover a defective product . In the future I will take my purchases to other manufacturers that will actually back their products . The low price of this pedal is enticing but indicative of the quality to be expected .
 Do n't waste your money on this for the following reasons :1 . It requires bulbs -LRB- which are NOT included ! -RRB- which heat up and require the product to have to be turned off every 15 minutes -LRB- manuf . suggestion -RRB- . INSTEAD , there are similar DJ lights available on the market which utilize LED lights which are included w / the product , never have to be replaced , and keep the product cool no matter how long the party lasts !! 2 . It arrived broken . When I examined inside the light , there where delicate pieces inside , one of which had snapped in two during shipping.SUGGESTION
 So i have been playing drums for about 10 years now and have used many different thrones . My last throne was a pretty standard Tama throne and every day I sit on this throne I miss my old Tama . This throne spins for height adjustment , which at first you think is n't that bad but after time goes on you realize that it is more of a pain then what it is worth . To get it to the right height you have to sit over it and spin it like a retard . You 're better off just buying something else ... THE WORST PART ABOUT THIS IS : I was playing my drums one day and I leaned over to pick something up and the mounts underneath the seat that is connected to the hardware snapped like a twig . This was way beyond repair . I am by no means a small guy -LRB- 230 lbs -RRB- but my old Tama throne took a beating 10X worse then this seat and never even flinched . The motorcycle style does n't do anything special either . Stick with the standard round seat .
 That about says it . Had to find my own hardware to fix it . Just waiting for the other two legs to go now .
 A friend recommended this to me , because of the convenience of folding away into it 's own case . However , it does n't have a handle , and it does n't fit into any standard size bagThe music shelf is very flimsy as was previously noted , so I expect to be taking pieces in an out of my big music notebooks constantly . The stand back folds up to become the case , but it does n't seem to lock when you unfold it , and the screws that tighten it are n't great . You constantly have to watch that it 's not going to fold up and dump the music.I used the stand three times , and the ring that allows the height adjustment just snapped . Not as I was adjusting it , but as I was sitting and playing . The whole group stopped playing to have a laughing fit , but fortunately it was just a rehearsal.I 'm hoping that the merchant will agree to replace or refund this item , but all in all , I am very disappointed in this product .
 This product arrived in pieces - the sides of the folding part were all cracked open . It was shipped with no padding in the box , but the plastic it 's made of is flimsy and brittle , so I do n't know that it would have helped . The shelf that holds the music is very thin plastic and does not lock on tightly , can not hold books , only sheet music , because it 's too flimsy . The legs are sturdy but very heavy , you might as well get a regular metal stand . The stand is very short , you ca n't use it if you stand to play or sing . The fold out knobs do not lock the stand open , it keeps collapsing . I just threw it out because it was such a pain to use and could not hold my music books .
 I was so excited when I found this music stand . It was sturdier than those thin metal folding stands . It was compact when folded up and easy to carry . It was easy to set up . But I 've had problems with this stand and am now shopping for another one to replace it.First , one of the legs was too loose . It slid out each time I moved the stand -LRB- and in my flute choir , we move around a lot during performances , so this was not good -RRB- . So I had my handy husband alter the leg and it was better than new . But then , after a performance one night , I heard a snap as I was putting it away . One of the pieces that the legs fit into cracked - and not one that was holding the `` altered piece '' . After many hours of super glue and tape repairs , I 'm giving up on this . We fix the piece only to have it snap again.My recommendation is this stand is not good for frequent use .
 We ordered three of them . They were supposed to be Xmas gifts . It took well over two months for delivery . When they arrived , we discovered that something had been `` re-designed '' in the legs , which would suddenly collapse in the middle of your playing , no matter how light the load of music was on the stand . I contacted Petersen , which promised us `` replacement parts , '' which were , of course , on back order . That is some two months ago , and there has been no trace of the `` replacement parts , '' and no reaction from Petersen when I 've written to complain . The idea of this stand is good , and I have a couple of friends who have older models that have worked very well , but , as of now , I would n't buy anything else designed or sold by Petersen .
 I have had this stand for 10 years . I use it if I do n't have a lot of weight on the stand . It is flimsy and easily tipped . I 've had to spray WD 40 on the joints cause they get stuck every now and then .
 My stand fell apart after just a few uses . The plastic completely disintegrated.I contacted Petersen and they have told me since November 2010 that the stands are on back-order . I ask , how a can someone stay in business with no inventory for 6 months?I would strongly suggest buying a stand by a different manufacturer .
 I purchased this stand for my -LRB- then -RRB- sixth-grade daughter . The design was very slick , and it was available in blue , her favorite color . I even splurged and got the carrying case.For a year or two , all was well , though it was always tricky to pack up . Over time , the critical plastic parts began to age , becoming increasingly brittle and difficult to work with . Several joints are held in place by pressure applied through twisting knobs . Eventually , the tightening ring for the main shaft cracked , rendering the whole thing useless . -LRB- Petersen did rush a free replacement , to their credit . -RRB- Another critical spot where plastic is bonded to aluminum eventually failed , requiring several epoxy efforts to temporarily rescue it.After five years , it finally wound up in the trash , its pieces unsalvageable . All the more 's the pity , because the design is clever and attractive . If Petersen would just do their materials homework -LRB- parts made to last -RRB- . I sadly can not recommend it in good conscience .
 Broke the first time I used it . Cost me $ 12.00 to send it back . Flimsy product , also difficult to assemble .
 Like other users have said . . `` It is a pain to pack it up '' . Another problem that I have encountered is the rack itself tends to fold in the middle with heavy music on it . I can not tighten it enough to prevent that and , when I do , I ca n't loosen it to fold it up for storing . Bad design . .
 Petersen has a great idea but the product is poorly made . My stand broke in the first month of use . A plastic piece that is used to lock the telescoping vertical section broke so now I can only use the stand at the very lowest level . Also , I grabbed the stand below the desk to move it on a gig and a couple of the legs on the bottom fell out on the floor while on a restaurant gig in front of an audience and it was very embarrassing . I 'm going to try purchasing other portable stands until I find a higher quality stand that works .
 The music stand might well be fantastic , but between Amazon and Musician 's Friend , it took so long to process the order and get the item shipped -- more than 2 weeks before it even left the warehouse -- I gave up on it and bought one locally . Then , when I wanted a full refund -- including shipping and handling -- Amazon was very polite , but merely referred me to to Musician 's Friend for customer service . -LRB- Why use Amazon as a middle-man if they provide no customer service protection when dealing with a 3rd party they endorse by linking customers to them ? -RRB- Musician 's Friend too were polite ; they blamed Amazon for the slow process of the order . At the end of the day it took several emails and ultimately 2 telephone calls to get my refund including shipping and handling charges . This was a totally unsatisfactory transaction with both sellers and I will think twice about doing business with either again .
 The keyboard itself is an aesthetically nice silver faced economy keyboard controller . It 's keys are average and usable , but can be a bit cheap plastic and toyish feeling . These keys feel as they are , spring loaded , with a slightly fragile feeling resistance . The build quality is slightly below what I 'd expect , even at this price point , but are sufficient at best . If I could go back , I 'd have gone CME , Novation , or even M-Audio if I had to go for this level of controllers.The features of the keyboard are pretty good and work as they 're supposed to . The display is a simple alphanumerical type , so do n't expect a GUI or such . The faders are almost an insult to the buyer , and the knobs/pots will inevitably fall off . The transport never quite worked for the DAWs I used this unit with -LRB- Nuendo , Logic , and Pro Tools -RRB- , so I just simply stopped trying . The controller did work fairly good with Reason 2.5 , and 3 . It was dead by the time version 3 set in , and long gone before version 4 of Reason.There are no features on this device that other competing products lack . For what it 's worth , when the unit worked , it worked . Regardless there design decisions on the PCR-50 that were questionable from boot . I 'm definitely not a fan of the joystick combo that is used for both mod wheel and pitch bend , as I prefer two separate wheels , but I knew this going in.I bought this item new and used it maybe a few months before I had to put it in storage for a move . The storage was an indoor storage facility , so the likelihood of the unit being damaged while stored was very unlikely . However , once I got the unit home , plugged in , and started up my DAW - nothing . For the first two octaves no keys worked . The remaining keys thereafter where odd intervals of seemingly functional and defunct keys . The unit was never dropped , never spilled upon , around smoke or even mishandled ... it just simply stopped working coincidentally shortly after the warranty was out . To my dismay I later found out through various sites like Harmony Central and SonicState.com that this was a widespread issue , not one just isolated to me.Let 's just say , that though I own lots of Roland gear -LRB- Edirol is a subsidiary -RRB- , I will never buy another Edirol product again .
 I ordered this case because of the low price tag , but was surprised when the invoice said that the case was nonreturnable.Especially , when I opened the case and discovered that the inside compartment , and lid were partially separated from the inside wall of the case.I assume the problem was improper installation at the factoryFortunately , I was able to fix the problem with some extra screws , glue , a small piece of wood , and a clamp.Unless you are fairly handy , or wish to roll the dice , hoping to get a good one , I would not recommend buying this guitar case .
 I was looking for an inexpensive tweed case for a Gretsch 5120 Electromatic . After reading several reviews on Amazon and on Musician 's Friend , I decided to give this a try . While it did `` fit '' , the case was realy much bigger than necessasry to hold the Gretsch . The Gretsch lays with the neck at an upward angle with the body angled down . I was concerned that it may be too much play and allow damage to the neck or the top when it flops around in the case . Since the case was rather large , it was also somewhat heavy . Yet none of these issues would have kept me from rating the case higher . The reason for the low rating was that the case had several noticable stains on it . It also had several puckers in the tweed cloth wher it had not been glued down properly . And yes , it did have the bad smell reported by others , but that pretty well resolved by leaving the case open for a few days . And yes , it did have a kind of green tint to it , especially under indoor lighting . I was a bit suprised and disapointed by this , especialy since I had purchased a dobro case from MF a few years ago and the quality of that case was far better than I had expected . Anyway , I was at a local guitar shop and found another tweed dreadnaugt case that was about an inch or so more shallow . Even though it was used , it was cleaner and in better shape that the one from MF , so I traded in the MF case and had to pay an additional $ 20 , but at least I did not have to mess with shipping . So I would suggest reading the many reviews on the MF site before making a final descision . Seems like many people were satisfied , so there are probably a few good cases being shipped . Mine was just not one of them . Do save yourself a few bucks though and order through Amazon - free shipping without having to buy $ 99 .
 I measured my guitar carefully , and it appeared to fit exactly into the case except for one problem
 I tried contacting you 6 times , both on your official site and your Amazon website . You expedited shipping promised 3-5 day shipping . I got it in a week ! I want a refund on my shipping please.It is kind of ridiculous .
 everything about this mixer -LRB- and the other xenyx / eurorack mixers -RRB- makes it perfect for touring on a budget - - lightweight , inexpensive , and decent sound . the only problem , and i 've heard this from so many people who use these mixers , is the power supply . after using my 1202FX for 6 months , on connecting the mixer to power , flames and smoke shoot out of the control room outputs , right above the ac adapter socket . and the power adapters are not availably separately ! the logic being that since the mixer is so cheap , just buy an entirely new mixer in order to get a replacement power adapter . and i do . over and over . these mixers are disposable , that 's terrible . but they work great ! so gamble .
 Considering the price is so cheap on these , I took a chance on this about a year ago for my home hobbyist studio . To say that I used it `` rarely '' is an understatement - maybe once a month when I have friends over for jamming as a way to get my vDrums and a bass DI through my powered wedges . That said , within a year two of the channels stopped working altogether , and the main volume fader became scratchy and jumpy to the point that the volume all the way down would = the volume ALL the way up.Aside from it not working less than a year later , as others have mentioned the lack of a power button combined with the wall wart adapter is a bit of a pain as well . However , if you 're building a studio on a budget and want to roll the dice , it 's a decent little mixer while it works.Pass on this - sound quality is decent for the price , but reliability gets a zero .
 The sound is as expected when it 's working . However , after about an hour or so of running , the mixer would output distorted noise . It sounds exactly as if the the source volume is too loud and is clipping all the time , only the output volume is actually very low . At first I thought my cables were defective , but no matter how many cables I switch , it works good for awhile then start to have same problem . I did n't start attributing it to the mixer itself until several month later . Now , whenever it does this , all I have to do is cut the power to the mixer and plug it back and problem goes away ... for another 30 min - 1 hour .
 Im a pro singer and this has the very worst reverb ive ever had from any equipment . IF YOU ARE A SINGER , STAY AWAY FROM THIS !!!!!
 Worked OK for few months . Now microphone line in does not work . Earlier it started making shaking sound . I would say that product has some nice features but it is cheap . It is not durable and quality is poor .
 The mixer is good for the price but I had to return my first one soon after opening it due to some loose parts moving around inside . The packing way below average . As a matter of fact , it was the only outer box without any cushioning . After seeing those UPS and FEDEX delivery videos I would not pack a UPS or FEDEX shipping item in such a poor packing . However , the great seller -LRB- I am referring to AMAZON -RRB- immediately responded and sent me a replacement along with a prepaid label to return the fist unit . Second unit too had the similar packing but no damages . Worked fine .
 Do n't be fooled - these people offer a low price and then make it up on the shipping . It does n't cost $ 35 to ship a case . Why not just list the actual price of ~ $ 75 -LRB- rhetorical question -RRB- ?
 Quality was not up to standard . screws had fallen out of the hinges when arrived . all hinges had to be tightened . I did n't want to bother to return it because I did n't want to reorder something more expensive - wait and wait and wait - and have it arrive in the same shape . I repaired the hinges with super glue and new screws - not ideal , but I 'll just try to avoid this brand/vendor in the future .
 Out of box this little strobe light did n't work for me . Its strobe was not constant and missed counts frequently . After only about a half hour it only blinked once every 15 seconds or so . I 'm not sure if its a common issue , but I did n't want to take the chance and just returned the unit .
 The spec for this item indicates 110/220 V for power input . The actuial item is DC4 .5 V only.Contacted seller many time and still not resolved .
 The flash produced by this device was pretty dim . Could barely be seen in a lighted room . Though , it is a `` mini '' strobe light . Perhaps it was n't really meant for very bright flashes.Additionally , after only 4 days of use , it ceased to function correctly . It would only blink a couple times a minute.I returned it .
 Advertised on the amazon page as flashing 12 fps the box that this strobe comes in actually says max 10 fps and when actually plugged in it flashes inconsistently between 0-3 flashes per second at it 's fastest setting . I bought this for a project where I needed approximately 10 fps so it was a big disappointment that the product is nothing as advertised .
 This is the first strobe I 've ever bought . I 'd hoped to use it in my workshop as an `` alert '' light when someone in the house wanted me to come in . In a lit room , the light from the strobe does n't reach a wall 6 feet away . From the corner of a darkened 12x15 room , it will provide moderate -LRB- but not bright -RRB- light for , e.g. , a haunted house tableau . However , it 's useless in a lighted environment.As I said , this is my first strobe , and I guess I just expected too much . Also , there is no on/off switch .
 Item was of poor quality . I did return it . Unless you use it in a closet , it did n't work well .
 I purchased this case made for Musician 's Friend in China . I 'm sorry I did . This case sells for less than half the price of a real Gibson , Gator or SBK case . There 's a reason for this . It is extremely cheaply made . The frame of the case is very thin and will crack under pressure . Also , rather than stitching the vinyl covering onto the case , it is glued . If you visit MF 's website and read the reviews , you will find others who have recieved defective case , like myself , where the vinyl has pulled away and is coming off of the case - even at time of delivery . Mine appeared the same way , with the glue peeled off of the case and the vinyl covering coming away . It 's not an easy repair and the case needs to be returned . It 's not something you can fix yourself , it 's obviously a defect with the cases Musician 's Friend is having manufactured for them abroad . I highly recommend spending more money on a better case . This one is , well , basically , junk . Quite a disappoinment and waste of my time .
 I took a trip days after my immaculate guitar case arrived . I was so proud of the stong black beauty and carried it with my head held high through the airport . They must 've thought i was some kind of Rock Star . I checked the bag in with my precious new gutiar inside . I has to loosen the strings before it flew . I did so and taped it up nice and securely . Amazingly it was the first off the belt and was pristine it had survived the trip . However on the way back there was a dissapointment . One of the latches became inoperable because the piece the ring latches onto went missing completely . How this could happen I do n't know . But I do still have the case and it still seems that it 's too much trouble to return the case . It 's such a big item maybe they could send a spare latch instead or just send me a replacement and i will send the c ase back in it 's box . David Hutchinson -LSB- ... -RSB-
 If you have an epiphone les paul avoid to buy that guitar case.that case is to short to an epiphone electric guitar.I 'm very disapointed .
 i took a chance -LRB- even though i saw reviews with warnings about too small a size -RRB- and ordered it on amazon , had to cut part of the inner upholstery in order to fit the guitar ...
 I was sent a different product than what is shown . I was sent some crappy Dan Electrode power supply which costs $ 14 . Thanks for the free money new haven music .
 Does not stick to the instrument at all . Not worth the money or for any amount if it does n't stick .
 I got this because it was specifically recommended for the honeytone miniamp . If this thing does actually kill line noise , I 'd hate to hear what it sounds like with one that does n't . The buzz drowns out the guitar entirely at reasonable volumes . There is no buzz at all with a 9 volt battery in the amp .
 Shortly after we used the charger there was a loud `` Pop '' and the charger was smoking.I checked the primary circuit and there seems to be a short circuit .
 I purchased this to use with my mini-amp that runs on a 9 v battery and it does n't work . What adapter do I need for my Fender Mini Twin ?
 I connected to Fender Mini Tone Master and strummed my guitar a few times . Then it was broken within 10 seconds . I also heard there was some noise while no nose with 9v battery . Maybe the voltage in Australia is 240v and it was not suitable . I would not recommend to the users in the country with high voltage . The price was reasonable and it may work for most of people . But it was just a waste for me .
 Any good piper who knows what they 're talking about will tell you to stay away from rosewood bagpipes . They are a cheap imitation made from inferior wood and usually the bag and reeds are all bad too . Save your money for a real set of pipes -LRB- African Blackwood -RRB- .
 First off , you learn to play bagpipes with a practice chanter . Bagpipers do not start off on bagpipes . Also , very few of these rosewood Pakistani pipes are playable . Do your research . Yes , you will pay much more for the real thing , but will doom yourself to failure with cheap junk . These pipes are usually just good for wall-hanging or props . If you want to learn to play the pipes you first need to buy a quality practice chanter from a reputable manufacturer . You also need too find a competent instructor . Do yourself a favor and check out any local pipe bands , especially those who are members of competitive associations . Many such bands offer free instruction . Some instruction is also available over the internet via Skype . Otherwise , check with one of the many online piping specialty shops about a quality practice chanter , books , and videos . Local music shops may offer to help by ordering instruments , but are in reality clueless -LRB- ask if they play and for how long -RRB- . You wo n't need a set of pipes until you can competently play several tunes on a practice chanter . Do n't doom yourself from the beginning with cheap junk and poor or no instruction .
 Generally , if you see Pakistan as the origin of ANY bagpipe-related gear , best to just avoid it . I 've been a piper more than 30 years and have yet to see anything from that part of the world which was not fit only for display over the fireplace -- or kindling in it . A good chanter reed these days will cost about $ 10 US ; there 's no 2 ways around it , and there are any number of reputable piping sources online , all across the US as well as Scotland and Canada . A decent set of pipes will cost in the $ 1000 range , so if you see a set going for 2 or 3 hundred somewhere -- do n't even bother . Even a decent used set is worth in the $ 600 range -- at least . Same with chanters alone -- a good plastic chanter will run about $ 150 , blackwood about $ 100 more than that . So again , if you are seeing pipe chanters selling for $ 50 -- yes , it is too good to be true . You will be buying junk.Also , bagpipes can be extraordinarily difficult to learn on your own . I am very leery of `` Teach Yourself the Pipes ! '' kits -- especially those originating from far corners of the world , many of which illegally duplicate copyrighted material from proper tutor books . It is best to find a reputable piper in your area and take personal lessons ; ideally with a band.BTW , I do n't think rosewood itself is inherently inferior , but it is certainly unusual . When I started playing , there was a bit of a fad for rosewood pipes , made in the US . They were quite good , I believe , but ended up more a novelty than anything , and demand only lasted 5 years or so .
 This stand looks nice and folds nice , but its cheaply constructed with plastic parts ... it 's unstable and flimsy . This would be OK for an inexpensive beginner 's instrument , but do n't risk a real axe on this .
 Might be better for guitar , but after leaving my bass on it for 10 minutes or so , it tipped and dumped my bass on the floorIt 's simply not balanced well enough .
 The Danelectro pedal is probably the best echo you can find out there . The only thing is , its expensive and it breaks really fast . I have owned two pedals now and the inputs break because they are made out of plastic .
 First off , you learn to play bagpipes with a practice chanter first . Bagpipers do not start off on bagpipes . Also , very few of these rosewood Pakistani pipes are playable . Do your research . Yes , you will pay much more for the real thing , but will doom yourself to failure with cheap junk . These pipes are usually just good for wall-hanging or props . If you want to learn to play the pipes you first need to buy a quality practice chanter from a reputable manufacturer . You also need too find a competent instructor . Do yourself a favor and check out any local pipe bands , especially those who are members of competitive associations . Many such bands offer free instruction . Some instruction is also available over the internet via Skype . Otherwise , check with one of the many online piping specialty shops about a quality practice chanter , books , and videos . Local music shops may offer to help by ordering instruments , but are in reality clueless -LRB- ask if they play and for how long -RRB- . You wo n't need a set of pipes until you can competently play several tunes on a practice chanter . Do n't doom yourself from the beginning with cheap junk and poor or no instruction .
 This set makes a poor starter set for learning how to play and they are not much better for anything else except to hang on the wall like an expensive ornament !! Quality-wise they are rough around the edges . The bag on mine bag leaked like a sieve and at times I contemplated using fix-a-flat to seal the d@mn thing up ! You certainly do not want to play this in a concert/marching band !! I did once and at times it made squealing sounds like 2 wildcats trying to mate!If you want a good set you 're going to have to pay at least $ 600 or more .
 I thought I was getting Bag Pipes for my Daughter to learn to play . They came with no holes drilled in the Chanter , the bag leaked , the drones did not fit . Sid -LRB- big shot with Awesome Collections in Pakistan -RRB- assured me if I sent them back he 'd reimburse me for the pipes and shipping . He did give my initial money for the pipes back but refused to pay shipping which was $ 93.00 . Amazon , after months of emails , gave me $ 93 worth of Amazon credit . Sid actually said he 'd pay me half of the shipping if I would give his company a 5 star rating . -LRB- Lying is an art form in Pakistan -RRB- I would n't trust Sid to pass me the salt at dinner . I 'd like to give Awesome Collections a negative 5 stars . I ca n't believe Amazon keeps these guys in their catalog . The other reviews here say ; get a good chanter , practice with the chanter first , take lessons , then buy a quality product . Wise words .
 I have been playing guitar for 32 years and I have never in my life seen strings that rust inside the package before you use them . A friend of mine gave me a ten-pack of these DR Tite-Fit 10-52 gauge strings as a Christmas gift about two years ago . Within the first year I opened packs of them and the unwound strings had rust and corrosion spots down to the core of the string . I am not sure what to do with these other than throw them in the trash can . It is a shame because I think my friend spent about $ 50.00 for the package.I have never had this problem with Ernie Ball strings . I put these DR strings just one notch above SIT strings because if you are lucky enough to get a fresh pack , they are fairly decent strings for a few days , but they corrode easily and quickly , even if they are in perfect shape when you open the pack . Do n't buy these , buy some that have some sort of corrosion protection . If you live in the desert where there is very low humidity , you may be able to cope with these , but down here in Florida where we have high humidity anyway , these strings are a nightmare . They need to seal the packages better and they need to coat these strings to prevent them from corroding inside the package before you open them . Buyer beware !
 Got Nandy one for ~ 20 $ or so and works 10times better . This one cant be used with a mixer + home audio system . Unless using with PC which i have not tried .
 This mic was bought because the title says stereo mic . As 1 reviewer said before me it is not a stereo mic , it is in fact a mono mic . I have added a customer pic at the top to prove .
 I have not used the mic yet , but I will be returning it . It is NOT a STEREO mic as advertised . It is simply a mono mic that can be used to record stereo IF you use TWO mics . Duh .
 HPQ Audio did contact me as promised and e-mailed that they will ship replacement unit.Haven ' t yet received . Trust that they will . My son was so disappointed , was his birthday and Christmas present.Let 's hope that HPQ keeps to their promise and ships replacement . Otherwise will have to take next step.Never have dealt with them , their reputation is in their hands . I 'm trying not to be negative , but my trust is shaken .
 Get an Ibanez Weeping Demon if you want a real wah pedal . The Weeping Demon does n't have the confusing and frustrating on/off procedures that the crybaby does . Type it in the search box and check it out .
 The packaging was not good . The pedal arrived a little banged up . The battery cover was broken . All of the srews were loose ? Kind of weird . Unfortunety I was on a Honeymoon so I could n't respond earlier . The pedal appears to work fine . Disappointed with the packaging and the condition .
 I 've been using danelectro pedals for a while and I 've never been dissappointed until I bought this one . I also bought their BLT slap echo pedal and THIS ONE SOUNDS EXACTLY THE SAME ! What in the world ? Why make two pedals with an echo effect and call one a reverb pedal ? I like warm natural sounding reverbs , which is why I bought this one , but the one built in on my Marshall amp sounds much better .
 This is a very high quality strap . It 's tough , heavy duty , and it does the job . It 's actually too tough for me -- the creases in the strap from being folded for shipping never really went away , and it wo n't smooth out to match where I have it set . So it 's a little awkward to use and I generally go with my flimsy but comfortable Ernie Ball straps instead .
 I used these when they were called the Eurorack UB1202 and they worked absolutely fine , but Behringer did something to mess up these newer Xenyx models . I have two of these and within the last few months both of them have started generating a horrible buzzing . I travel around with these basically doing talked head interviews and at first I thought it was just poor a/c power at some of the locations . But it started getting worse and worse , I had both with me at one location and swapped them around , changed mic 's , power supplies ... nothing helped the bad buzzing sound . So I ran down to the local music store and bought a Mackie 1202VLZ3 came back unplugged the Behringers and connected the Mackie ... buzzing instantly gone . And much cleaner sound . I kept hearing about how cheaply put together Behringer 's were , but I just ignored it since the UB1202 's seemed to work fine for me . I 'm guessing they cheaped out on the capacitors on the model refresh.Stay away from these cheap pieces of junk , you really do get what you pay for .
 Worked great for two months and then just died for no reason . Other than being used . Now it a paper weight now and every now and then . I 'll try hooking it up and hope that it starts working again. ;-LRB- I have a lot better mixer now . You get what you pay for . Sorry folks I got this mixer about 3 years ago . Just started writing now . They may have fixed the power problem now .
 I ordered this reed so I could save some money since at my local music stores they were over $ 20 . It came and I was excited to try it out . Well ... it was very unresponsive , or it 'd go flat . I wont be ordering reeds of the internet ever again .
 i absoluted hated thisit didnt workthat iti will never buy reeds online againeverCURSE YOU JONES
 I have been purchasing and using Jones Reeds for 20 years . It is cheaper to buy them in multiples online , so the last time I needed new reeds , I placed an order with Weiner Music for my reeds . I received 3 medium hard reeds . Unfortunately , the first time I soaked them to use them , one of the reeds opened up so large that I could n't play it . I tried pinching it shut and holding it to reshape it , but it was impossible to get the reed to close down enough to play . I contacted Jones , and they sent me a replacement for that reed . The next time I tried to use the reeds , another one of the three reeds opened up too large , and could not be pinched down to be playable . The third time , when I soaked the last reed , the two sides of the reed `` slipped '' and no longer meet up properly . I contacted Weiner music , who sent me an email saying they contacted Jones and were waiting to hear back from them . Weiner music never contacted me again after this to let me know if they had received any response from Jones . Needless to say , I doubt I will ever buy my reeds online again , as apparently it is impossible to get good reeds shipped , at least from this seller . Maybe I will try my luck with a different supplier , but definitely will not do business with Weiner music again .
 Length :
 We 've had this bench now for a little over a year , and the seams on the seat are coming apart in four separate places . The only people who sit on it are my 6 yo and 9 yo , neither of whom is large or rowdy while sitting . Also , one of the rubber feet regularly slides off whenever the bench is slid on the floor -LRB- every time a child pulls it out to practice -RRB- and has to be replaced , or else the metal scratches our wood floor . Otherwise the bench is a good size and stows neatly . Just wish the seat was better quality .
 I do n't really like it . There is bad smell came out of the cushion which made me wan na throw up ! Bad for your health .
 I 'm dissatisfied with this bench . It 's way too tall , even on the lowest setting , and I 'm only 5 ' 3 '' . The pad also came with spots on the seat . It appeared to be used . The box it came in was all taped up and looked re-used . As long as the goods inside were undamaged and in new condition , it would n't have bothered me . But again , the pad had spots on it , and there was no manual or anything that came with it , which I find odd . Even your simple toaster comes with directions or warranty of some sort . If I had purchased this at a local store , it would definitely be returned . Unfortunately , I do n't want to have to pay for shipping to get a new one when the bench itself was about $ 30 . I 'm going to have to think about this one ...
 Music123 apparently thinks I ca n't read ! Instead of an actual `` On-Stage KT7800 Plus Keyboard Bench '' with the large , square seat shown in the photo , I received a much smaller bench apparently made by `` Guardian Cases '' . Needless to say , I 'm returning this order and will look elsewhere for the actual item I wanted . It appears that this vendor -LRB- Music123 -RRB- is engaging in the classic `` bait & switch '' tactic , assuming I 'll be too stupid to realize they 've sold me a lesser product.Definitely the last time I 'll order from Music123 .
 The bench is easy to set up and very stable as previous reviews said , but the foam is saggy . I need constantly to move my body a bit to keep my wrist position on the keyboard . That is annoying . I would not buy it if I had known this problem earlier .
 I returned this item - the seat size is listed as ----------------------------------------------------- Product FeaturesWeight Capacity
 I used this bench both at home and out on gigs . It was safely transported each and every time . In the middle of a performance , the bench collapsed and I had to play the rest of the act standing up . During intermission , I realized one of the arms had bent and I was unable to lock the arms into parallel holes in the bench . Wow ! This happened about three weeks after I got the bench - this is pretty unacceptable . I found another chair for the second act , and I will be purchasing another bench - probably the Hercules one.I contacted On Stage Stands about replacing the legs portion of the bench . They do not understand that it is bent and have refused to replace the product . I 've had nothing but good experiences with On Stage Stands in the past , and own several of their keyboard stands ... but this might be it . I 'm going to look into Hercules products from now on because they seem to be of higher quality from what I have read.Many people have had good luck with this bench , but do n't get it unless you plan on assembling once and using it at home only .
 Bought for a present and the seat ripped within 1 week of using it . Very disappointed . Poorly made , and will not hold up to a 100lb individual using it .
 Like Todd , I received the `` guardian '' bench , not the one on the website , even though I ordered directly from Amazon Prime because of his review . In addition , the stool had clearly made the rounds on the order-return circuit
 Unfortunately the bench we received was not constructed well , or had a manufacturing issue . The 4 pins did not all line up . With considerable effort -LRB- and force -RRB- , we were finally able to get the pins to go into the holes . As you can imagine , pulling them out was equally challenging , making it impractical to adjust easily/quickly . The stand was also not welded correctly , so the bench wobbled . We are returning it .
 I tried ordering this from Amazon on a whim as the music stores are on the butt-end of town from where I live . I have enjoyed Jones reeds in the past , so thought I 'd give ordering off the web a try . I ordered two - one worked great , and the other is leaky and sounds awful . They also took a couple of weeks to ship . In the end , the convenience factor was n't all that convenient , and I 'm going back to ordering in the store where I can see the product before purchasing .
 BYTESIZE SOFTWARE Music Composer Professional -LRB- Windows -RRB- is a Shareware CDROM that 's worth its price -LRB- $ 10 -RRB- . If you are just getting into computer music , you may find something helpful here . It is NOT a `` Professional '' CDROM .
 this mouthpiece is very bad quality , you can not hold out a steady note with this and is pretty hard to play.my old one is does n't even have a brand and is much better.all the products i bought from Rico sucks and i will not be buying from them again.fortunately i was able to get a refund .
 The guitar itself was an excellent value for the purchase price . However upon delivery the headstock of the guitar had a large indentation or dented chunk as if it was hit with a small hammer . Most like caused by Fedex during delivery . I knew that the price was a steal and due to the price point it was n't worth the effort to seek a replacement the guitar is simply what it is and will look far worse after my son gets through with it . On a higher note it stays in tune and sounds better than the $ 300 Martin and Taylor alternatives which are made froNvery thin wood resulting in dull sounds . I will say that in my 6 years of service with Amazon this is the first time I have ever received a damaged good . I love amazon .
 Be careful you can tip on this it would be more stable with more legs.Not bad for threaded height but should have went with a hydraulic seat.Glad i kept my old throne will switch back and forth might use this for an officechair.Back rest was uncomfortable to me should be wider.The only good thing about this was it was a breeze to put together.By the way , this thing is really heavy and the biker seat could be a lot more comfy.I 'm dissatisfied with this but i expect i 'll get over it .
 I used these strings for about 6 months and finally decided to go back to my factory Dean Acoustic strings.Here is why : First off these strings are thinner than the OEMs . This caused the A and D strings to not fit correctly into the nut which caused a lot of buzzing . I adjusted the neck as far as I could and I just could n't get rid of the buzz . I eventually dropped a piece of business card between the string and the nut to raise it a fraction trimming off any pieces that affected the sound . No more buzz.About 3 months in , I snapped the G string by tuning it to high . Yeah , that was likely my mistake , not sure where my head was at that day . So that one went back to OEM.Today I noticed that the E string was drastically out of tune . I went to tighten it and it kept pulling out of the bridge a little more . Comparing the OEM strings to these , the `` ball '' that locks under the bridge is almost twice as wide on the OEM . The Earthwoods would pull through where the OEM would lock under . I am sure this is partly to do with the quality -LRB- or lack there of -RRB- of the Dean Acoustic Bass . I could not get the E string to stay in place any longer so it went back to OEM.That pretty much convinced me to swap them all back out to OEM at least for now . I 'll likely be visiting my local music shop so I can look at the strings first.With that all said , I did like how the Earthwoods sounded and played . It certainly had a more organic sound that you would expect out of an acoustic . I would recommend these to anyone without a Dean Acoustic and just make sure they are going to work before installing them.I do have a few photos if anyone is interested . It would be nice to be able to include them in the review , but alas I can not .
 I like the price but it sounds a litty tinney . I am using it to start class and get everyone 's attention . So it works fine for that .
 I ordered this item , expected it to be a German made Warwick Corvette $ $ , it turned out to be a rockbass Chinese made , so I returned it . Amazon makes a FALSE pictures and description . The price , description and pictures match exactly the German made Warwick Corvette $ $ , but shipped the rockbass when you place an order . There are many rockbasses which advertised as Warwick with no '' rockbass '' clearly stated on Amazon 's description theseday , so buyers beware if you do n't want to waste your time and hassles for buying then returning . Amazon , if you read this , please fix it soon .
 I had a wonderful size small of this slide years ago until it shattered from a fall on a ceramic floor . They no longer make them in small so I ordered a medium . It hangs about an inch past the end of my pinky and just flops around all over the place . I also seem to recollect a nice meaty material with super porous lining . If you have a 4 inch pinky about 3/4 in diameter , go nuts !!
 this is a very very very bad capo !! does n't press good enough so the sound is not goodyou 're throwing your money if got this.I have to give one star because of the web system but I give no stars !
 I really wished I would have listened to the other reviews . This capo is garbage . It does not sufficiently press the strings and therefore does n't work at all . I use extra light , so it should have had no problem pressing down the strings . It really stunk and I returned it . DO NOT BUY THIS !!!
 This capo coming in the mail really bright also its not tight enough . it leaves you with a buzzing sound on your guitar . plus it seems to damage guitars after awhile of uses .
 I purchased this product `` Conductor Sterling Silver Plated Flute w / Deluxe Leather Style Case , 1 Year Warranty and Yamaha Accessory Kit '' . I was expecting the Yamaha Accessory kit included somethings like
 Its the wrong size - I have to create an account from the store to request a return - I do n't want to create an account with the store - I just want to return the frickin thing
 COINCIDO CON UNO DE SUS CLIENTES . VIVO EN VENEZUELA Y CON MUCHO ESFUERZO COMPRE EL EQUIPO . LUEGO AL RECIBIRLA SOLO PUDE ESCUCHARLO UNA VEZ . AL TRATAR DE ENCENDER NUEVAMENTE EL EQUIPO EL MISMO NO FUNCIONO . DEBIDO A LO COSTOSO DEL EMBARQUE NO PUEDO ENVIARLO DE NUEVO PARA QUE LA EMPRESA RESPONDA POR LA GARANT&Iacute;A , POR LO QUE DECID&Iacute; ENVIARLO A UN TECNICO LOCAL , AL REVISARLA ME INDICO QUE AMPLIFICADOR INTERNO PRESENTA UNA FALLA DE FABRICA QUE AL RECIBIR PICOS DE VOLTAJE SE QUEMA EL INTEGRADO DE SALIDA EL CUAL NO SE ENCUENTRA AQUI EN VENEZUELA . QUE DECEPCI&Oacute;N PORQUE CONSIDERO QUE ESTE DEBIERA SER UN PRODUCTO DE CALIDAD Y NO HACER QUE LOS CLIENTES PIERDAN SU DINERO.Pyle-Pro PPHP1599AI - 15 '' 1600 Watt Portable Powered 2 Way Full Range Loud Speaker System w/Built in MP3/USB & Ipod Dock
 absolutely do n't buy it , arrive on time but the speaker never works , power lights on , i plug all can of devices , and nothing ... . bad .
 The horn is faulty because it works one time and then allowed to hear , let it off vuelvea time and work , but so it goes and not continuous operation .
 The description for these speakers states that the power output is 1,600 watts . This is NOT accurate . This is actually the `` peak '' power handling capabilities of the speakers . In fact , even on Pyle 's own website they fail to mention that although they can handle a peak of 1,600 watts , the actual RMA rating -LRB- the actual amount of power the built-in amps can produce -RRB- is ONLY 300 WATTS!I obtained this all-important bit of information after speaking with a Pyle representative by phone . The vast majority of speaker manufacturers state up front what both the peak and RMS ratings are.Unfortunately , I did not know all of this until after the speakers had shipped . I elected to send them back because 300 watts of power is barely enough to handle a small area . Forget using them outdoors or in larger facilities if you care to hear something like this at a reasonable distance.Hopefully Amazon will update their description after I notified them of the discrepancy .
 The ordering process was quick and easy . It was delivered within 3 days . Unfortunately I did not get to enjoy it for a day . After a few hours of using it , the internal amp blew . No output no matter what inputs I used and no matter how many times I recycled on/off . You can hear the speaker make a sound upon powering on but no sounds are produced . This is extremely disappointing . Just when it was sounding really good . The second issue was the ipod dock does not charge your ipod while using it . If you use RCA cables from Ipod to input side of speaker , the volume level is much lower . Now the worse part of this experience was I had to pay over $ 45.00 out of my pocket to send it back for a refund . How can I dare to risk buying again another product if I would have to pay shipping charges if it comes out defective ?! Very unhappy with this experience !!!
 I bought this speaker for personal use . The speaker was delivered within two days of purchase -LRB- I chose standard shipping -RRB- . The sound is great ! For the price , I think it 's a great speaker . There 's only one problem ; The built-in iPod dock is a great idea very poorly implemented . If you play the speakers loud enough the vibration will make your iPod disconnect/undock and your favorite song will stop playing immediately ... and we do n't want that , do we ? If you use an iPhone the vibration will skip the song and eventually the iPhone will be disconnected as well . Oh , and iPhones charging is not supported by the built-in iPod dock.Pros : Other than standard features of a powered speaker , good sound quality , built-in interface to navigate external hard drives , light weight , 1600Watts/low price , many inputs , Ships quickly.Cons : iPod dock poorly implemented . iPod pops out because of the vibration.I have n't tortured the speaker for a couple of hours yet . I 'll post an update after I throw a party and see how it handles it.UPDATE
 Name brand is wayy better , scratches and dust came with it and a stench , I have a armstrong now get armstrong !!!
 I bought this flute a few months ago for my daughter , who is in middle school band . It worked okay for a couple of weeks , but then it developed problems -LRB- 2 notes would not play -RRB- . I sent it back , and the company cheerfully sent me a replacement . All was well until 2 weeks ago , when it broke again . This time , 4 notes would not play . A technician visited the school , took a look at it , and managed to fix 2 of the notes . We then took it to the local music store , where we were told that it can not be fixed -LRB- supposedly because it 's made of base metal -RRB- . With over 2 months remaining in the school year , a concert tomorrow night and festival coming up soon , we 're in a real pinch!I managed to find a used Gemeinhardt 2SP flute from a friend of my older daughter . I do n't know how old the flute is , but all the notes play and it has a much better tone quality than the new Maybach flute . It is my hope that it will get my daughter through the rest of middle school band so I wo n't have to rent an instrument or buy something expensive.I 'm sorry I wasted my hard-earned money on the Maybach flute , and I can not recommend it to anyone . It did n't even last 6 months !
 BUYER BEWARE
 Okay , I purchased and for the first 6 months I could n't be happier . The sound quality and PA system were great . The battery life then suddenly went down to nothing . Then I learned that the warranty is only for 90 days . The other issue is that it has an ipod charger but will not charge the Nano ? I contacted the company and they acknowledged the problems but only claimed a 90 day warranty . I 've been using the system plugging it into an electrical outlet . After a couple of hours of use the unit will overheat and shut off .
 I was very excited to receive this product when I first ordered it . Since I received it , I 've only used it 4 times . The 1st time it worked as described . The system was however plugged into the wall . The next 2 times it worked okay . There was some static at higher volumes when running on the battery . So we were not able to fully enjoy it because we couldnt set the volume to the level we required . The final time I used it , it only worked for 2-3 minutes before shutting off . We then tried to charge it and found that it wouldnt hold a charge . The battery in this unit is not of high quality . So we were forced to listen to it while plugged in , which defeats the purpose of why I bought it in the first place . Ive had it for exactly 1 year and 2 weeks , now the unit doesnt even work anymore . Just outside the warranty window . I cant believe how cheaply made . I would not recommend this to anyone . Find a better unit even if you have to pay a few extra dollars .
 This machine was great for the first day . After that , it stopped working . We purchased it for Taekwondo performances and it failed us the first time . There seems to be a connection error and it never works . I am terribly upset about this product .
 Two issues with the purchase of this product :1 . The microphone was broken upon arrival -LRB- the outer part was completely detached -RRB- 2 . The speaker blew out the very FIRST TIME it was used.I had purchased this speaker as something to use for a tailgate party . However , about an hour after using it , the speaker blew out . This was not even using it at full volume . Even when it was working properly , the noise level was not as I had anticipated . I did n't want to turn the volume up all the way for fear of blowing it out , but that happened anyway at about 80 % volume .
 Hello ! I owned this unit for 5 months now and it has worked on and off ! I 'm an electronic 's technician and can tell you the quality of this unit is garbage . The first time I charged the unit , it worked beautifully the next day . After that , the problems started . I realized at times the unit would not take a charge . I figured it out . When the unit does n't take a charge , I put the Ipod in the dock and turn the `` charge ipod '' mode on . For some stupid reason , it 's starts to charge . And even if you charge it and not use it for a week , the battery will be dead or close to dead by the time you are trying to use it . The reliability of this unit is very sketchy . I have called their customer service at Pyle at least 10 times and the people who work there apparently barely speak any english !! Great ! The first service tech there told me that it was a problem with the battery . If I wanted a battery it would be at least a month . Long story short , I did what they wanted -LRB- fax them a proof of purchase -RRB- and never heard from them . Then I called them back again and they told me to send the unit . Well damn . My wife threw away my box while cleaning ! Would cost me like $ 40 to ship it to New York from Oakland ! Not even worth it . Save yourself the headache and look into a MiPro system or even the Bose portable if you do n't need to hook up a mic . I think the MiPro looks much better -LRB- though more expensive -RRB- than the blockrocker in terms of quality.Also more problems
 What good is a capo that only presses down half of my strings ? The 6 larger strings sound great and the other half just sound dead . The tension on this thing really needs to be adjustable or something . Really terrible capo and I 'm definitely returning mine . Do n't buy this thing .
 I bought this capo for my 12 string Seagull and it is difficult at best to get this work . It does n't have enough tension to hold down all the strings and often either pulls them out of tune or the strings do n't play . The closer you get to the headstock the worse it is . Not once have I ever been able to get it to work on the first fret , second fret is maddening , 3rd fret is slightly less maddening , fourth fret , hit or miss , and so on , it only gets marginally better as you move up the neck but what 's the point of a Capo if you ca n't use it anywhere on the neck that you need to.I have a Keyser capo for my 6 string Washburn and it works beautifully , I just think they do n't put enough tension on their `` 12 string '' capos to be be effective . So I 'm off to find a new better capo for my 12 string . If you are Seagull 12 string owner do n't waste your time , energy or money on this capo you will only end up poorer , and more frustrated .
 Its a good quality cable and all but this thing tangles up way to much . I thought at first mine might have been defective but I tried my friend who has the same 1 andit tangles up way too easily ... it might be alright for keyyboards but deffinately not guitar ... my much cheaper planet waves 1 is a lot better and cost a lot less .
 Although this capo is marked as correct for a mandolin , it only works correctly above the 3rd or 4th fret , as it does n't have enough pressure to work on the 1st or 2nd fret position.I have a number of Kyser capos and very much like the style , but in this case it does n't work for what I need .
 I bought this for my Mandolin because it advertised that is WAS for a mandolin . It does n't really work because most mandolin necks are rounded on the bottom , and this capo is flat ; so you ca n't slide it up further than the 1st fret . I will keep looking arouund for one that really fits . For the construction and price , I would have given it a 5 star .
 Complete JUNK , Quit ater 2 weeks VERY light use compared to some very EL CHEAPO crap cables I got 3 for 10 bucks , at least 1 still works.Just paying for a stupid name .
 I have two of these cables , both same problem , they died quickly . I do n't want a replacement I want my money back.One died right in the middle of a public well paid performance of Godspell with a horrible buzzing noise , embarrassing as hell , I was in a panic , it was in a quiet section , it took me a few seconds to reach over and kill the amp . The cable was a recent purchase , ironically I paid the high price to make sure that I was absolutely free of problems during my performance.Made in China , BTW.Do not buy this .
 Ditto what T. Meziane said ... nice quality cables , but not what I ordered . I purchased these specifically for keyboards ; I really needed a right-angle on one end , but what I got was straight on both ends . Since both right-angle and straight are both pictured and listed separately , I was expecting right-angle cables . Kinda disappointing considering I ordered 4 at the same time . Guess I got ta settle for whatever Guitar Center has in the store that I can actually see before buying .
 I ordered this cable from a retailer in the US who sent it -LRB- free -RRB- to my post box . Unfortunately , I did n't open the package for several weeks after I received it , as I had ordered extra stuff I did n't need right away . Good retailer - no issue there . This cable was bad right out of the package - at least one pin not connected , so it produced the most glorious hum . Ah , but Monster has a Lifetime Warranty , you say ? Sure . So I sent them a message , and did n't get a response for over 2 weeks . Then I requested an RA number for my address . Well , I work for the US military outside the US , and only have a Mil Post mail box . And guess what ? Monster wo n't deliver to a box , only a real street address . So I gave them that , which they turned over to a distributor in the country where I live , and those folks contacted me -LRB- about a week later -RRB- with an RA number for their shop . Well , postage over here is about 3 times more than in the US , and I pointed out to them that the cable was defective and should be replaced at no cost to me . No , I 'd have to pay the postage . So , a $ 30 cable just became a $ 45 cable -LRB- plus the inconvenience of traveling to a local PO when the US one is right where I live -RRB- . That 's fine . Last Monster product I buy , and I told them that . But `` it 's not our policy to pay for shipping '' a defective cable back to them for replacement . Okay , but what about attracting and keeping paying customers ? Apparently not a real concern ... And BTW , my $ 12 mic cables that I 've had for years have given me absolutely no issues and sound fine . And if you 're still buying into the Monster hype , if you really think there 's a difference in audio quality , check out the blindfold test where `` audiophiles '' could n't tell the difference between Monster speaker cable -LRB- pricey ! -RRB- and coat hangers . Ca n't include the link , but it 's easy to find ; just search for the key words . I found it while trying to find their contact and warranty info.My recommendation ? Save some bucks and do n't pay for hype .
 Two of the strings broke while winding . Very disappointed in the quality . Would not recommend purchase of these strings .
 Strike 1
 Despite having a nice rich tone , these strings refuse to settle-in and maintain pitch even after 3 weeks , the G string seemingly the worst of the bunch . Just when things seemed stable , the G developed a buzz because of a breakdown at the 3rd fret , signaling its final demise . Some 30 pound monofilament fishing line would be a better choice .
 These are NOT all `` Clear Fluorocarbon '' strings as implied and printed right on the box -LRB- picture on Amazon differs from box I got -RRB- . The third and fourth strings are wire-wound and not even with the same color or type of wire . I did n't even attempt to put these on my uke . I threw them in the trash and ate the loss .
 I expected better from Martin . I bought my strings at a local store , and they put them on for free , so I 'm not going to return them , but in less than 2 weeks the G string at the 2nd fret started to unravel . It 's also starting to split and unravel down at the 4th and 5th frets too . I will never buy Martin strings again because of this . I realize that these strings are a little more frail than guitar strings , but honestly , 2 weeks of moderate play ? Unfortunately , these have lasted longer than the Aquilas , and that is WITH the unraveling . I went to play one day with the Aquilas on and the whole thing had just shredded about 5-6 inches down the fretboard . Is there any decent baritone uke strings out there ???
 Thought I would upgrade and get Martins . I have a half a dozen ukes of varying sizes and styles . Purchased 2 sets.Total crap . Buzzing , breaking . The two sets lasted a total of 17 days . Total waste of money.Went down to the local store and got some cheap plastic crap . Have had those on the big banjolele now for 3 months with no trouble at all . Will stick to those .
 These sounded like what I was looking for . Rich full bodied sound . That they have , as well as they are murder on my fingers and as stiff as board . I would not buy a second set .
 The guitar broke within the first 5 minutes my son played with it & he was just strumming it . The bar that holds the strings on the bottom ripped right off and could not be repaired .
 If you 're interested in getting this as a novelty gift , it 's cute but fragile . Do n't expect to be able to tune this thing to anything relative to standard tuning , because either the low strings will be too loose or the high strings will be too tight -- and , as another reviewer pointed out , snap the bridge right off the body!In my opinion , a toy guitar with real strings , nut , bridge , tuners , etc. that ca n't play even a semblance of a tune is no more useful than a plastic toy guitar . If you 're into it for the small-scale authenticity of a steel-string guitar , this makes for a cute toy , but it 's ultimately unplayable . If you 're looking for something more durable or able to keep a tune , keep shopping .
 The product I received -LRB- Schyling Cowboy Guitar -RRB- did not look anything like the image provided . It was a real piece of junk & not nearly worth the price I paid for it ! I was very dissapointed as well as my Grandaughter whom I had purchased it for as a Christmas gift . It 's not even worth the price I would pay to return it !
 Incredibly poor quailty . I would not puchase . My two year old fell in love with this guitar , but unfortunately it does n't seem that it will outlast his interest . After a 1/2 hour of play the bar that holds down the strings started pulling out of the body . Amazon very nicely sent a replacement , so I could swap out guitars . The replacement one has one peg that will not stay turned for even 2 seconds -LRB- all the pegs come loose but at least the others stay turned for a little while -RRB- . So my child is playing a five string . For the price I was n't expecting anything other than a toy , but it should be a least `` playable . ''
 did not work at all , my daughter did not even hit one string , i need my money back , strings came loose at every try
 While this little guitar is adorable and the perfect size for a little cowboy or cowgirl , it broke in half within the first hour of playing with it . The bar that holds the strings just snapped off the body of the guitar . It was not able to be fixed -LRB- even with `` tape '' as my dissappointed son requested -RRB- . The break did not happen while it was being strummed or played with in any way . We took an adorable photo of my little guy with the guitar to send to the gift giver and as he handed the guitar to me so he could look at the photo , the bar just fell off . Very sad .
 My husband plays guitar so we purchased this for my 3 year old daughter . While this guitar is very cute , it is n't even suitable for a child to pretend to `` play '' . I was at least expecting it to make noise resembling a guitar when you strum it but it is so cheaply made . The strings came unwound by themselves and fell off ; my daughter `` played '' with it about 5 minutes .
 I really wanted this to work for my 3-year-old son but within hours of opening it one of the strings had already popped . A few days later and the guitar was in two pieces -LRB- came unglued at the neck -RRB- . Obviously a child that age can be hard on things , but this guitar did n't even put up a fight !
 I love and use BLUE microphones . While considering getting some quad cable to make up some lengths myself I had the opportunity to purchase these at what sounded like a fair price for quad core cables , and , also liking the colour , bought several.The immediate disappointment when they arrived , not being a fan of China 's massive counterfeiting industry , were the no-brand Neurtic plug rip-offs . Not only were they not gold contacts , they were n't Neutrik plugs but were ` exact ' copies , minus the embossed labeling of Neutrik . They 're copies.In use the cables are O.K. , but I could have had decent branded cable and plugs for near the same price . It 's nothing new in this industry , but BLUE DOES NOT MAKE THESE CABLES ! They have some factory in China put them together for them and then package them as ` BLUE ' . Yes , some of their microphones are also made that way , and that does n't mean they ca n't be quality , or at least work . Also with these Neutrik copies the quality of the materials , such as the plastic , seems to be low . We had some parts arrive in broken fragments , shoes and other plastic parts . I will probably eventually replace all the plugs , but that should n't be the case.BLUE 's general good standards seem to have slipped with these cables . Maybe they should consider the same course that Rode microphones took and remove their manufacturing from China and return to base , in BLUE 's case that would be North America ? These cables do the job , and seem robust , and we like the colour , not that such fancy counts for much practically , however , so far no colour has affected the audio passing through them - but we wo n't be purchasing them again , unless content and manufacturing become clearer and branded rather than rip-off copies , as with these XLR plugs.Note
 I have an older pair of Blue Kiwi cables - well made , gold contacts , great performance . This new cable , although the same name , had an un-shrunk shrink wrap , plain `` silver '' contacts , and is a different shade of green . Not the same cable at all . I was disappointed .
 I needed haze so I bought this . I though it was a hazer . And it is ... . sort of.It suffers from many of the same problems foggers have -LRB- yes , I said ` fogger ' , not hazer -RRB- . It heats up - like a fogger . Because of this , it works ... some of the time . if you happen to need haze * cough * , fog * cough * at a moments notice , you 'll have to gamble that the machine is ready to produce it . after it warms up , it 'll start to cool down . Once the onboard sensor detects it 's too cool to produce the hazy like fog , it 'll start the heater again . If you need haze at that moment ... well , you 're not going to be happy.The unit is fairly heavy , you would n't to try and mount it on a light-duty light stand . But it sits on the floor without taking up a ton of space , and the hanging mounting bracket is strong -LRB- you 'll need your own C-clamp -RRB- and sturdy.The machine ran fine for about 8 weeks , and then I lent it a friend and it instantly died . I suspect my friend tried to run it w/o fluid in it -LRB- although my friend says `` no . '' -RRB- Instead of getting a new one , I went with the American DJ HZ300 -LRB- there are several other names for the same unit . -RRB- The replacement unit does n't have heater , produces * HAZE ! * immediately and has been significantly more dependable.If you 're looking to DJ , or throw a party , of have haze fill up your performance space , do n't go with this product . However , if you need something to tire you out while you 're climbing up and down ladders , want people to stop you and ask `` What 's that square thing ? '' or do n't want to spend the extra $ 50 - $ 100 for a dependable unit , then buy this one .
 I guess that technically this is made of some kind of leather . It feels much more like rubber or some synthetic substance . Totally adequate for holding up a guitar , but for the price , not a good buy . You get what you pay for . Nothing deluxe about it , el-cheopo is a more accurate description . By the way , I never try to give bad reviews , but look for a better strap . The distressed leather ones by planet waves are really nice , just a bit on the short side .
 belt is stiff such that the two edges of the belt can scratch if one was to run his hand or have the belt move against ones neck .
 If its leather ... I 've never seen this type before . Feels and looks like plastic ! Live in Hawaii so always in a tank top ... so thin & stiff it cuts into my skin . Most likely going in the trash ... had I not taken the tags off I would definitely return.Just wanted to add ... this is the first time ive written a negative review ! Not one to complain but feel that buyers should know beforehand !
 We bought this for our drill team to practice indoors and outdoors . Worked the first day but after that keeps cutting in and out . Replaced the battery and still cuts in and out . Bummer it 's been past our 30 days . Do n't waste your money .
 The two they sent simply did n't work . The first one turned on but muted for 2 to 3 seconds every 5 to 10 seconds . It got strangely worse as I strummed faster . The second one would turn on for 10 seconds then the sound would fade down to muteness , time and time and time again . I 'd promised my Marshall full stack a puppy for the new year , imagine its disappointment . Never mind , spare yourselves a bunch of return trips to UPS and keep your $ 27.28 .
 I bought this as a Christmas gift for my 5 year old granddaughter . It was a disappointment . It never worked properly . The company did respond with extra parts but we could not get itto stay together long enough for her to enjoy it .
 this little amp looks cool and touts the fact that it makes many tones . bs . mine only makes distortion . its pretty cool distortion but with no clean this thing is rather useless . its sounds terrible with both my guitars -LRB- Epi Les Paul Special with stock pickups / Squire Strat with SD HotRails in bridge -RRB- so i cant imagine its the pick ups . also maybe im just deaf but this thing is quiet . but what do you want for 20 bucks . avoid .
 this little made in China plastic thing is just good in the trash . I had to spend $ 8 to send it back to Musician 's `` Friend . '' it was soooooo bad . I put a mic on it , and at over 3 volume in a scale of 0 & 10 , it screeched so bad I had to shut it off . So I tried guitar connector in , and the same thing . It was soooo lame . What technical `` twang '' and etc. above was all b.s. Might as well go to Toy R Us and get a legit amp for $ 30 if not on sale for $ 20 !!!
 This is quite smaller than I thought it would be . I purchased it to go along with my Kids Pro Pak Microphone . You have to purchase an adapter cord if you do n't want to be changing batteries all the time and the sound was n't very loud . I ended up returning mine since the sound cut in and out and got the Rogue G10 10W 1x3 .5 Guitar Combo Amp Black for $ 5 more and the sound is much better comes with a cord .
 When I first got this amp , I was really excited about how cute , loud , and convenient it was . I walked around my house with the amp clipped into my pocket and felt like a wandering guitarist . But after using it less than a dozen times , the sound suddenly started to fade in and out . I changed the battery , but the result was the same . I exchanged the product in store -LRB- Guitar Center -RRB- , but the moment I put in the battery and turned on the ` new ' amp , the problem was immediate . I suspect I picked up a refurbished one . I do n't know if buying the AC adapter would fix the problem , but if I have to use one to play , then my purpose for buying this is lost . It is really a shame because it is a great deal to simply amplify sound . I do n't require much ... but the fading of the sound is such a disappointment .
 I did n't want to spend a lot to get some sound from my new electric guitar and I was impressed by the reviews for this little amp . But it seems to cut out a lot . Like right now for example , It 's just cutting out every second for a half second and then coming back on . And there seems to be some kind of illusive sweet spot for which it will produce any sound at all . Maybe I have a faulty one , but for the money I spent I do n't particularly feel like calling the company , and I doubt they will care much to help me . Do n't buy this . Go to your local music store and buy a used , better amp . Quick , before they go out of business .
 I bought these strings based on other reviews and the endorsements.Once installed , they sounded as dead as the last strings I just removed . I usually buy GHS Boomers that are crisp and bright and ring true for months.I used Rotosounds on my Rickenbacker many years ago when there was little choice ... but I 'll never purchase these again .
 The price was great , I bought 3 packs of 100 each for a mere $ 6.62 each . GREAT PRICE - but they let off a bad plastic smell when you use them . Some plastic smells smell weirdly good , but this is a weirdly bad smell that catches your nose even from a standing playing position and lingers on your fingers . If you buy them , toss them to the audience .
 I use Wegens , Blue Chips , Star Picks and I hoped this pick would be an inexpensive alternative . No so . I have to type at least 18 words for this review to be complete so this completes my review
 This pick 's materials just do not work for me . The sound with this pick seemed muted rather than snappy . Not close the comparable 351 pick we all have tried .
 This is just awful . I am a pick purist , if you will , and do not appreciate false advertising . I chose these picks because
 I was expecting more options on this amp from the little video that was advertized . I found there was only one plug in for a guitar and that was it . I was looking for an amp that could possibly be more versitile . There was no back on the amp and I never even unwrapped it . I sent it back
 I was really looking forward to getting this case but was pretty disappointed when I put my flugel and trumpet in it . First , regarding the area for the flugel . The horn seemed to fit nicely but there was little to no padding to support the bottom of the horn as it rested on the bottom/back of the case . I mean , there were two patches of 1/4 padding but my spit valve and bottom tubing was pretty much hitting the hard bottom of the case . Not good . Second , the area for the trumpet . It fit snugly when I put it in and there was again SOME padding but the bottom valve caps were hitting the hard wood back of the case . The horn could also rock back and forth as it sat on the valve bottoms hitting either the bell or the rear tubing of the horn on the hard case bottom . And here was the deal breaker for me ... With my trumpet in the case and closed but zipped open enough to see what happened to it as it was put on it 's wheels my trumpet came loose and hit the front of the case !!! No matter what I did my horn always came out and hit the top of the case . Why was there removable velcro padding on the top to securely hold the flugel in place but no such padding to hold the trumpet secure ??? Obviously I ca n't have my horn loose in the case as I carried it around so back to Amazon it goes.Pro 's
 Triangle is great . Woodblock thing is great . Sandpaper thing is useless , gets pieces of itself everywhere . Castanet thing is alright . Sticks are sticks . Maracas are OK . Bells are fine . It 's not worth $ 20 . Maybe $ 8 ? If you are using this for kids , then great ! you have a variety of toys to inspire their creativity . If you want to use these for actual music , even in a casual way , I would n't get this . I bought it for my New Orleans Street Band , and it 's been alright . Nothing has fallen apart .
 When my wife received my package , there were no installation cd , no instruction manuel , no power cord , USB cord or other plug ins . All I received in the box was the interface itself and thats it . What good is the interface without any of the drivers and cords ! Love Amazon , but will never go used again !
 I am having problems with mine and just received this today : The device might be having a hardware issue since you mentioned that you hot plugged it . Unfortunately , the repair department of M-Audio no longer repair this kind of device due to its obsolete version.I apologize for the inconvenience.Regards , Avid M-Audio Technical Support
 I 'm a game designer , looking for a decent midi keyboard to compose my music on . This music will then be transferred to my PC , ready to be used in whatever game I fancy . At least that was the plan.A few slight problems - there are no drivers included with this keyboard -LRB- nor are there any availiable -RRB- and neither do any of my music software programs work with it . But wait ... it has a disk drive ! Midi files are small and fit onto a floppy disk easily , so I decided to save my files to disk and then transfer them to my PC . I checked the disk and guess what ? My PC does not recognize the file format -LRB- I use Win 98 with a pentium 3 and a good soundblaster -RRB- . The files it saved were not in the midi -LRB- . mid -RRB- file format or the standard midi file -LRB- . smf -RRB- format , much ballyhooed in the instructions - instead , they were in a completely unrecognizable format which I was unable to do anything with . Do n't get me wrong ; the keyboard itself sounded great , but if you are buying this with the same purpose in mind as I had , then do n't bother.But then again , is n't keyboard - > PC music transfer one of the sole purposes of having a midi keyboard in the first place ? Hence the well-deserved one-star rating .
 This is the first time in over 30 years that I have gotten bad product from D'Addario . It may have been the vender that sold it or just a bad batch of strings , but paying $ 75 a set for a set of strings containing a G that has surface cracks and cut marks over most the length of the string and a couple other strings that have similar issues to a lesser extent , is inexcusable . Whether a QC issue or the vendor just pawning off old or second level quality strings is n't the problem . It 's that I can no longer trust D'Addario products . Not at the price point . I 've been wanting to try other manufacturers for a long time but never had reason . Now I do . D'Addario quality . Sad .
 I bought these strings thinking they would look cool on my guitar to give it that black on black look . That was the only good thing about these strings . The strings felt like they were made out of plastice , and bending the strings made it sound aweful . I will never buy these again .
 At first sight the strings were awesome . After only about 1 week of use the coating started coming off of some of the strings . Also broke a string after about 2 weeks . Not happy with the quality of this product at all !!!
 The manufacturer states that the coating can hold up to most picks . The box cautions the user to be careful during installation and states that the coating will not hold up to certain pick materials like metal picks -LRB- cymbal brass , finger picks , and the like . -RRB- I was very careful to install my strings as my guitar has a `` string through body '' design . I inspected the strings after they passed through the body , and again after they passed through the tuning pegs . After verifying the strings were undamaged , I tuned and played -LRB- Using a nylon pick of strong/hard resilience . After 2 sessions of around an hour an a half each , very obvious wear had taken place on almost all of the strings in the area of my picking . I have not contacted the manufacturer as I had spoken with a few people who are familiar with strings and they all believe it to be a design flaw , and not a manufacturing defect . I liked the sound of the strings when I started , but that sound changed the more I played .
 Ive had three of these turkeys die on me in less than a year , and each of them had been used for no more than 10 3-day gigs . The pattern is always the same
 Product
 Chose these strings simply because they were cheap , and that 's what I got . Not 5 minutes after tuning standard tune , one of the E strings snapped .
 Whomever designed this set was n't a musician . I do n't have this , and I probably wo n't buy it for my music classes , because it does n't have the low G . The `` main '' handbells set has the diatonic C scale . The most useful note to add to the collection would be the `` SOL , '' or dominant , below the `` DO , '' or tonic , so we could harmonize using I and V , which is a chord progression 99.99 % of songs use . Even if we only used these bells melodically , how many melodies go down to SOL below DO ? Let 's see , Frere Jacques , Yankee Doodle , Eensy Weensy Spider , If You 're Happy and You Know It ... . Give me the G and I 'll buy it . A , A # , and B are gravy .
 The case was not as padded nor as sturdy as I needed . I have seen other gig bagsequally as light but with styrofoam padding which is stronger and more protective.The manufacturer needs to be more detailed in his description of the padding . I had to return it but I am sure it might the needs of others .
 My husband loves these strings but I hate them . They do n't sound any darker to me infact I feel like I am being whined at whenever I play and it drives me crazy . I play during my alone time for relaxation while my son is at preschool but since getting the new strings I find myself avoiding the violin . When I do play I do n't feel like I have had any alone time at all because of the annoying sound it produces .
 Bought this cable so my daughter could use my Shure professional mic for her Karaoke system . Worked great ! Then , 7 months later , she was singing with a friend and said something was wrong with the mic -- it was n't working . Since the mic was 26 years old , and the cable was only 7 months old , I naturally assumed the mic broke . I figured it was already broke , so why not try to fix it , right ? So I practically destroyed the mic and could n't get it to work . I bought her a brand new Shure mic for Christmas , but when we plugged it into the cable , nothing happened -- it would n't work ! Soooo , that leads me to believe it was the cable all along , and I probably wrecked my old Shure mic for nothing . I ca n't believe the cable does n't work after such a short time . What a piece of junk !! Update
 while the chord library is really nice , that is the only thing i like about this . the tuner is a joke . if i would have paid more i would have returned it , so ill just keep it for the chord library .
 It works fine , but feels very cheap , if you have a smartphone/iPhone you should download free app for tuning your guitar & learning chords . Have fun playing !
 I was not happy with this device as I was not able to accurately tune my electric guitar .
 Well , for the price I really did n't expect much , and that 's what I got . The tuning tones are OK in an emergency , but the fact that they are sustained electronic tones not unlike what your travel alarm produces , it 's strange correlating them to guitar strings . But that part would have worked fine , again , for the price . The tuning meter is great . Very touchy , but if you 're patient , it can be made to work . Now we come to the two-star part . I bought this primarily for the chords feature , and maybe this one was a lemon , but each of the dozen or so chords I displayed were way wrong . C and E showed the same chord and was incorrect for both . All the rest I tried had extra notes , missing notes wrong placement for all notes , etc.Again since some reviewers are talking the virtues of the chord graph feature , mine was probably a lemon , but I do n't think I will be trying another of these . In defense of the product , it appears to be well made , so if you get a good one , you might just like it .
 this product is okay if you are using an electric guitar and running it through the input . the sad part is it only picks up notes AB-DE-GABSOLUTELY NO C , F , OR FLAT/SHARP NOTES , so this makes it near impossible to do any dropped tunings other then dropped-D
 Product is good for finding chords without having to look a chord chart , but I did not have good luck with the tuner . Tried many times to tune , but had no luck . Not sure if the tuner does not work properly or it 's just sensitive . Anyhow , I re-purchased a Korg tuner , gave away first one , which works great and is easy to use .
 This tuner is okay but do n't get it if you just want the chord finder . If you want to learn chords just go to a website -LRB- Chordbook.com is my personal favorite -RRB- . It works fine as a basic tuner but I would recommend theKorg CA1 Chromatic Tuner . The Korg is a chromatic tuner which if you are a beginner means that you can tune your guitar strings to different notes than the standard E-A-D-G-B-e . Some songs require alternate tuning such as D-G-F-C-g-c . The pitch pipe feature is mediocre but it could be a lot better if they added a volume adjuster because it is very loud and gets annoying if you accidentally hit the button . It feels very cheap in your hands . Overall I would not recommend this tuner to a guitar player of any skill level.UPDATE
 I picked one of these up when they were being blown out cheaply at a big box store . Who does n't need another pocket tuner to throw in the guitar bag , right ? The price was less than ten bucks , but unfortunately it does n't work very well . The microphone inside the unit is simply not very accurate . It gets you in the ballpark , but just barely . Strike a note once , and it 's sharp . Play the same note with the same force again and it says you are in tune . I think the Korg tuner is in roughly the same price range and it performs the job much better .
 I 'm giving this a 1 start because it doesnt work , at all . It came with brand new batteries but the screen always has the low battery icon on . The on/off button doesnt work , and for that matter none of the buttons work . it doesnt respond to anything that I press . Perhaps I got a faulty one , but it was most frustrating to say the least . I thought I did my research from reading other people 's reviews . I did n't care that it looked cheap so as long as it did what it said it could do . which it does not unfortunately for me
 This rhythm band set was touted as being for toddlers . When it came , the favorite instrument , of course , was the drum . Within 10 minutes of normal use by a 4 year old , the drum head was broken . When I examined it , I saw that it was made of paper . A toddler toy should be made of indestructable materials , not brown paper bag material . This was a birthday present for one of my twin grandsons . He was terribly disappointed , and so am I. I would never recommend this toy to anyone , even though the rest of the instruments were appropriately constructed .
 Broke on Christmas morning , less than 15 minutes of use by a 3yo . Tambourine is built the same way ; kids afraid to play it for fear of breaking it .
 After several month of minimum use , the XLR connector starts to produce all kinds of connection problem . Do n't buy this brand , they must have been using the cheapest material in the connector .
 Non-musicians who just get this as a noise-making toy for their kids may be satisfied until the kids destroy it -LRB- which I suspect will happen in short order , as it is very fragile and poorly designed -RRB- , but it simply is junk to any adult drummer who wants it for any serious purpose.I did not expect much , just something to trigger MIDI control data to software drum synths when recording , but this mess could n't even do that reliably , though it claims to be able to . The MIDI control is buggy and flawed , _ vide infra _ . All of the complaints mentioned in other reviews so far are 100 % valid , so I wo n't list them again -- the list is too long . I would add that the heads are rock-hard and their piezo senders are fragile and produce very weak output.As low as my expectations were for this thing , it fell far , far short of the minimum acceptable function and was a TOTAL waste of money . It does NOT perform its listed functions properly as has been explained in other reviews .
 this is a great little drum set for beginners or kids to play around on , except for ONE REMARKABLE FAILURE . the pedals return inconsistant multiple hits ! this occurs on both the pedal down and pedal up motion - a lesser issue for the hihat , a major issue for the foundational kick . now how is a beginner supposed to learn to keep a beat with a drum set that does n't generate the correct sounds?this major design flaw is a pity for a product that is otherwise very nice and a great price . to the designers of these pedals - design a debounce circuit in your electronics for the switches in these pedals ! that 's a technical term for a very well known circuit -LRB- google it -RRB- that eliminates multiple contact jitter that occur naturally in all mechancial switches -LRB- typically < 5mSec for the geeks out there -RRB- at the point of contact and release.another way to solve this is to use a mechanical kick like the acoustic sets to strike the same type of drum pad used on the other pieces . you can find other economical -LRB- though not quite as cheap as this one -RRB- kits that use this technique .
 Dont expect it to work for too long -LRB- 3 days of regular use aprox after things go wrong with the pads -RRB- , and Please dont expectANY CUSTOMER SUPPORT FROM THE COMPANY . they just wount answer any email to you back -LRB- forget about calling ... -RRB- their product must be the worst purchase I have ever done . Its a shame cause the price is great . and if it did work as it should , it would have been an actually great buy .
 The Ion iED01 is exactly what it looks like
 I received this drum set as a quieter alternative to my acoustic set so that I could practice while in my apartment at college . The first thing that put me off and that others seem to have commented on is the double kick or click from the pedals -LRB- which started the first time I played the set -RRB- The thing that really made this unusable was the fact that one of the pedals fell completely apart after five days and the other CONSTANTLY gives me a double kick or just some jumble of a kick . This set probably good for kids who want to learn to play drums , but I agree with other reviewers when I say if you want quality look elsewhere .
 i bought this a couple months ago and it was really good except the volume is really low even at full !!! blast . . the sound quality is pretty good ... But than after the second day the bass pedal and hi hat pedal where going off like crazy when i was playing it sound like a 5 pedals all at once when i only did it once !!!! I returned it a couple of months ago ... if i where u i would not buy this !!!
 This only good for bangin on for fun . the pads break easily . there are almost know dynamics . there are no dynamics on the pedals . not worth buying what so ever !
 I bought this set to practice with in my apartment . The only reason I gave it 2 stars is because of the low price . The double triggering of the kick drum is simply atrocious and really ruined my purchase . It makes it very difficult to even practice -LRB- which is why I bought the kit -RRB- because it is constantly double triggering and failing to trigger on other occasions . The toms , snare and cymbals perform adequately-no complaints here . The pads do make quite a bit of noise when struck . The kit has a loose , cheap feel to it -LRB- to be expected from the price -RRB- , I have to constantly tighten up the wing nuts . My suggestion - save your money for whatever comes next in line .
 Some of you are probably in the same situation as me . You want an electric drumset , either because you live in a condo or apartment and the neighbors will call the cops if you 're creating 190 decibals of noise from an acoustic drumkit , or because you like the bells and whistles that electric kits have , or both ! But you dont have $ 5,000 of spare cash lying around to buy a fancy roland v-drums kit.The makers of this drum set attempted to create the solution to our problem , but unfortunately , they did n't quite succeed!The first thought that came to mind when I sat down behind this kit was , `` geez , this thing is kind of small . '' I started playing a drumbeat . The next thing I thought was , `` this set feels flimsy , like it 's going to tip over and break ! '' . It felt like a kids toy ! I felt a bit silly while I was playing it to be honest . The brain was very simple looking . The sound selection was small and the sound quality of the drums were on par to what you would find on a casio keyboard circa 1987 . Taking this drum kit out to a gig in front of a real live audience is simply not an option.I gave one star for the ambitious low price , and the other star for their effort to fill a gap in this market . There 's not really anything else to compliment on.After doing a lot of research for decent quality , low priced drum kits , you 'll realize that you will have to spend atleast $ 500-700 to get a decent electric drumset -LRB- used -RRB- , brand new , atleast $ 900 . If you get this kit , there 's a pretty good chance that you 'll be dissapointed and lose interest in it very quickly , and not play it anymore . -LRB- or it may break before then -RRB- . I would highly recommend investing a little more money and get a decent kit.It 's all or nothing !
 An excellent idea , with a fatally flawed implementation . It appears to be a limitation of the midi controller - drums will fail to sound intermittantly.Since this appears to be a design issue , an except from my request for support from Ion-Audio . com : I have found a problem with my new Ion IED05 Electronic Drum Set - the drums appear to conflict , perhaps in the MIDI interface -LRB- update
 I bought this for my son for christmas . It worked for 30 minutes . I contacted Ion-audio and was on hold for 20 minutes . They did offer to repair the module but it would take 7-8 weeks . I went to amazon and this item can not be exchanged because it is out of stock even though it is still available to be purchased . Thanks guys and Merry Christmas !!
 Background
 These are a joke ! You 'd be better off to buy a $ 100 Yamaha drum pad . These drums are cheap , flimsy , sometimes the hit will sound , sometimes it wo n't . These will just frustrate you , save your money ! I 've already resold mine on ebay at a loss .
 Why does iON audio still make this product ? The only thing I would buy from these people from now on would be their Drum Rocker for Rock Band 2 . It 's worthless , and it was broken out of the box when I set it up for my son on Christmas Eve . His Christmas present was ruined , thanks to the poor quality of this drum set . We sent it back to the company , and we hope to get a full refund on this product . It looks like we will have to pony up and get a better quality drum set for my son . If you 're thinking about buying this product , DO N'T ! My son is a beginner on the drums , and we will most likely end up buying a Simmons model electric drum instead . I honestly do n't know how anyone can TRULY be satisfied with this limited drum set . Way to ruin another Christmas iON Audio . 0 out of 5 stars .
 An excellent idea , with a fatally flawed implementation . It appears to be a limitation of the midi controller - drums will fail to sound intermittantly . &#60; br / &#62; &#60; br / &#62; An except from my -LRB- so far unanswered -RRB- request for support from Ion-Audio . com : &#60; br / &#62; &#60; br / &#62; I have found a problem with my new Ion IED05 Electronic Drum Set - the drums appear to conflict , perhaps in the MIDI interface , perhaps within the Alesis controller . &#60; br / &#62; &#60; br / &#62; When playing the drums , a pad will fail to sound intermittantly -LRB- and occasionally , the whole system will mute momentarily -RRB- . &#60; br / &#62; &#60; br / &#62; I hope this is n't the first you 've heard of this issue , and that a fix is available . &#60; br / &#62; &#60; br / &#62; Of course , I 've checked the connections , checked to be sure I 'm hitting the pads squarely and in the center , tried swapping pads -LRB- though the issue affects all of them , not just the snare -RRB- , etc. &#60; br / &#62; &#60; br / &#62; If fact , I can often reproduce the problem by simply , repeatedly striking any two pads together , one a split-second after the other . When it happens , the second appears to mute the first , before the first fully produces a tone . &#60; br / &#62; ________________________ &#60; br / &#62; &#60; br / &#62; Until/unless this issue 's resolved , you 'll find the set a cause of repeated frustration , whether for learning , practice or performance .
 I purchased one which stopped working . I am told that the company was sold . No one has manuals or parts.Stay away from M-Audio if you want any type of `` customer support '' . Actually there is very little customer support to be found anywhere these days where the bottom line -LRB- profit -RRB- is a new form of worship .
 Mine came with a problem with the pitch bend , once you move it the software app would n't go back to 0 . It would stay quarter tone up which makes it unusable.USB plastic input broke too .
 This is by far the cheapest and most full featured controller in this price range BUT it comes with a warning sticker about how you need to wash your hands after each use to avoid getting cancer or causing birth defects ! Screw that.I think this is despicable business practice and I only wish I could do more to hurt M-Audio 's reputation than this .
 I e-mailed both Behringer and M-Audio about their lead content of the key paint . Beringer wrote back the next day explaining that all their products are lead free . M-Audio did n't reply . I think I have my answer . I will chose the equivalent Behringer model , Behringer UMX610 U-Control 61-Key USB/MIDI Controller Keyboard .
 I should have never bought this keyboard . I knew that almost from the minute of purchase . Way too much for a child . Besides it has never worked . My son who is very , very good with all things electronic still has not gotten it to make the first sound . It sits in the closet .
 The included USB driver would not work on my Windows XP PC . The included Live Lite software 6 is out-of-date -LRB- current version is 8 -RRB- , crippled and limited in functions and the number of virtual instruments . The keys feel heavy and uncomfortably bouncy . The only positive thing is the price . Good for a starter , I guess .
 I have owned many -LRB- over a dozen -RRB- M-Audio products over the years . The parent company Avid has -- somewhat recently -- changed its policy toward phone support for M Audio products -LRB- e.g. keyboards -RRB- in a way I find extremely distasteful
 Bought the M-Audio Keystation 61ES to upgrade my Hauptwerk virual organ to a three manual setup . I am pleased to say that the Keystation installed just fine , however , I 'm not pleased to say that the 61ES feels like a hunk of junk plastic toy . The keys are loose and flimsy so I wo n't be surprised if they just break , and break real soon.I expected a more durable controller from M-Audio but you get what you pay for when you buy cheap .
 For the price this is not a bad keyboard . Here are the two major problems I have with it :1 -RRB- The feel is nothing like a real piano . The keys are springy and you have to apply a fair amount of pressure to hold a note .2 -RRB- The instructions have a big sticker on them , stating that this keyboard is made of materials known to cause cancer and/or birth defects -LRB- including lead -RRB- and to `` wash your hands after handling '' . How on earth did this manufacturer decide to use such materials with a device that is intended to be handled a lot , very possibly by children?It 's going back ...
 Tried this on MAC OS 10.7.4 . Did n't work . The provided USB cable was intermitent and did n't work , I replaced it to no avail . There were no apparent drivers . Next , tried it on a windows 7 PC again to no avail . No driver recognised typical error code 43 . This is junk and since we fiddled with it so long it 's too late to return and I 'm out 145 bucks . Had a lot of teckie guys try to get it going also to no avail . Oh well , junk
 I have to give this product the lowest possible rating , because of the lead paint.I contacted M-Audio for clarification on the lead warning , and they replied that the external paint does indeed contain lead ; the warning is NOT just based on internal circuitry with lead content.When M-Audio switches to a lead free paint , I will re-evaluate . Until then , parents beware.Lead is a known neurotoxin . From reading some of the comments about the lead warning here , especially from the person that sees no problem with lead and licks the keyboard , it appears that damage has already been done .
 The product description says
 Installation took about an hour , and then I spent another two hours or so trying to get it to do ANYTHING on my brand new Windows 7 Dell . No luck whatsoever - it kept misidentifying me as a Windows NT user , and insisting that I needed Administrative privileges -LRB- which I have and was using -RRB- . The company website 's tech support pages evidently are n't being maintained ; I gather EMU is n't a very high priority for Creative , and neither is quality control -LRB- which I already knew from the fact that my brand new `` I paid extra for this '' Creative sound card that came with my brand new Dell is effectively useless -RRB- .
 I 'm not sure what I expected after I purchased this for fifty some-odd dollars and was handed a coupon for a $ 40 rebate . But I wish that someone had informed me before I lugged it all the way home that when you sing into the mic , your voice does n't come through the speaker . I 'm cool with the machine 's sound quality when it comes to playing a CD-G . If I tap the mic , I can hear an extremely faint thud , so I know it 's on , but the volume 's too low -- and , yes , I adjusted the mic controls -- if you want to sing along . Which makes this a dinosaur
 We ordered this clarinet expecting it to be bright blue . That was the whole point in ordering this clarinet . When we received it it was a dark blue so dark its almost black . The picture is very misleading . I called them and they told me that the color blue I received is the only blue clarinet they sell . So be prepared for it to be dark . My daughter was extremely upset . We returned it and am still waiting to be refunded even though the guy said he would refund my money as soon as they could track the package .
 We bought this clarinet for our granddaughter who 's been playing for a couple of years . She -LRB- and we -RRB- thought a blue clarinet would be awesome . Unfortunately , they sent the wrong color but she also realized that it was plastic and would never be adequate for performance . Although they made a mistake sending the wrong color , we should have known that a clarinet for this price was probably not going to meet our needs .
 I teach music to preschool age children and I have two of these xylopipes . Each one broke the very first day of use . The long yellow pieces of plastic covering the pipes came apart almost immediately . Now one of the red pipes has broken free . I have an extensive range of instruments that I use with my children and these were the only one 's I 've had problems with .
 the how description is misleading . there are a set of 3 drums shown . however you only get one of them when they arrive . and for the $ 20 we spent the 3 would almost be worth it but when we only recieved a 1/3 of what was expected , big time dissapointment . In the picture it looks like perhaps they are attached similar to what bongos would be . and no where in the description does it say item is different from picture you will recieve only one of these drums .
 It comes only one and it breaks as sone as you touch it , imagine that ! The company very nice they refund me the money .
 I was disappointed to hear from my girlfriend that the guitar stand I got her arrived defective . When I contacted the people at Austin Bazar they were less than accomodating and would n't send me a little plastic height adjustment part that was in bunch of little pieces . They kept repeating how the return/exchange policy was past the period allowed . I explained to them my intention was not to return or exchange the stand , I just wanted the part . They would n't budge . Oh well , I guess their policy is not to keep their customers happy . So , with that , if you decide to order one of these Laurel Guitar stands just hope and pray it arrives without defect . Good Luck .
 It covers the first two or three weeks of a good piano tutorial , and even then skips the more difficult parts . Upon completion , you wo n't be able to play any kind of sheet music , other than real simple monophonic songs , like `` Mary Had a Little Lamb '' or `` Twinkle Twinkle Little Star '' . The reality is that it helps you to memorize a number of songs , as opposed to learn how to read music and play piano . The play along feature is poorly designed . If you make any mistake it gets confused and you have to start over .
 I have worked with this software program and others from Adventus extensively , but am actively seeking a replacement in my studio . Installation and set-up does not work well for most of my students . Tech support is not nearly as helpful as they advertise , in fact usually they just get defensive when you tell them what is n't working . Theory Thinker lessons are boring and move much too quickly for most children . Theory games are lacking to say the least . The picture is stuck in a little square box , has not been adjusted for widescreens . There is a latency issue that costs significant $ to overcome , no matter what sound card you use . Finger numberings are given over every note of each song , and often the finger numbers are wrong . They have changed a few notes here and there in classical pieces to get around copyrights . Composer 's Corner is frustrating to use . Do yourself a favor and pick some different software . Children 's Music Journey from the same company is much better for young children , I have used it with many children with success
 I am a piano teacher and I have all my students spend a portion of their lesson time on the computer learning theory , rhythms , etc. . I 've been using Music Ace -LRB- which is excellent -RRB- for a long time and decided it was time for something new . I was very disappointed with the quality of this product . The theory section of the program is SO incredibly boring , just a man or woman speaking in a very monotone voice and reading the text that is written on the screen . It would be very difficult for a child or teenager to learn anything from it because it is so hard to pay attention to . I could barely stand to listen to it for more than a minute . The games are poorly designed , very limited , do not become any more difficult than identifying notes on the piano , and would definitely not hold the interest of my piano students . My intermediate students would not have had anything to learn from this program . I read so many good reviews before buying , but have also read that the legal team behind this product has been very good at removing bad reviews from the public eye . It was a HUGE disappointment and I will be returning this product and sticking with Music Ace , which is much better designed !
 Software does n't work on Vista or Windows 7 . Installed update 2.9 and still did n't work . The software will sometimes install but not Run . The Keyboard Wizard operates . But that 's it . Works on Windows XP but it has a lot of quirks and buggy system errors and stalls . Sometimes while installing you would get `` theory video will not open '' and the software will not install or crash.It seems like a good program judging from the videos online , but if you are a novice at computers , do n't waste your money . If you try to email customer support for help , you will only get a basic auto suggestion on how to fix the problems .
 Nowhere on the box , website , or anywhere , is it mentioned that you MUST keep the CD in the drive at all times . I planned to use my netbook with a Yamaha CLP-170 -LRB- it fits right on top when you fold the sheet-music holder down -RRB- . Trying to transfer the CD to a USB-drive for installation wo n't work - ultimately it checks for the CD . Now I am stuck . While I completely agree that once you open software it should n't be returnable , not only can I NOT use it , but what 's it to Adventus to return my money ? After all , I could n't have copied it . I tried their ` Live Chat ' , but they pretended not to understand my question and disconnected me ! Is my English improper or confusing to you ? I did n't think so.This is not an Amazon issue . Adventus should clearly state that this is a requirement that could stymie your installation .
 -LSB- -- SETUP PROBLEMS -- -RSB- I 've tried to set this program up using a midi cable and two or three different computers . It was difficult to get the software to recognize the attached keyboard , even though it is midi compatible . -LSB- -- SOFTWARE IS LAME -- -RSB- There are included games which have nothing to do with music or reading music . We were n't even sure what the games were for . -LSB- -- MUSICAL GUIDANCE -- -RSB- The musical guidance is the reason we bought the software and it just did n't exist . We simply wanted something that helped us progress from one note and one key to many notes in many keys and it just did n't have anything like this . It just set up the songs and had you go . -LSB- -- INCLUDED MUSIC -- -RSB- The included songs are n't bad . Lots of public domain stuff so no royalties are involved for software maker .
 This company does not follow their own satisfaction guarantee which is plaining advertised on their website , I returned the software as directed by their customer service and they proceeded once it was recieved to deduct money off my return for the color of the packing tape i returned the product in stating the box was part of the product ... wouldnt advise anyone buying from them in the future , they just seemed shady and unconcerned about the customer . . filing BBB complaint as well
 Waaay too complicated to use . Manual is written by engineers for engineers . I tried hard to use it , but unsuccessfully . Nobody is around to tutor you . Yamaha has no idea what a WX5 wind controller is .
 I 'm sure that the instrument is everything the other reviewers have stated but for someone just getting started , there is little information about what is actually required to create sound ! One reviewer tried to fill in the blanks but was hoping that the ad itself would be more explicit .
 I am very disappointed with this collection of sound clips . Most are short , of low quality , and contain a lot of hiss or other noise . Many of the sounds are not isolated , as if they were lifted from a TV show and you can hear other sounds in the background . Some are not really sound effects , just someone speaking gibberish . You can only export the sounds as WAV files , and you can only export them one at a time , which makes it extremely tedious to add these sound effects to your project or your own sound organizer , like iTunes . You must keep the CD in the computer to access the sounds , which again makes it cumbersome to use . The search and play interface is terrible and very amateurish , like it was written by a high-school student on a weekend . The only positive I can say is that it does contain a wide variety of sounds .
 I bought this software , because the company does not exist anymore , so I wanted to add my karaoke songs to this one . The first thing I noticed when I opened the box is that it stinks , literally . The whole content stinks like it was use as an ashtray . The second thing is that it does not play my other karaoke that I bought from the website . Good thing it was cheap .
 Yeah , backward . If you step on it notes are not sustained . When you let go of the pedal notes ARE sustained . I got this for a Casio -LRB- which sometimes does this reverse trick on its own -RRB- but I also tried it with my M-Audio keyboard and it did exactly the same thing . Fail.Oh well , it did n't cost me enough to even bother returning it . You can buy this if you are really , really short on money and you do n't mind a reversed sustain pedal . Or if you just want notes to be sustained all the time but do n't want to hold down the sustain pedal .
 This was the biggest waste of money I 've ever spent . The trigger did n't work unless you tap on the front of the blue foam piece -LRB- not the side that contacts the drum head -RRB- and even then it only triggered when it wanted to . Also the wires became disconnected about a month after I got it , now I understand why it only cost $ 25.00
 Hey , I just wanted to say that it worked great for about 4 gigs and it fried on the fifth gig . it just stopped sensing . if i hit the sensor in the corner it would pick up but no where else . Lousy trigger . at least the one I had . Very disappointed . It blows ...
 Barely acceptable . Not consistent at all , poor cane quality - that being said , when you get a good one -LRB- perhaps 10 % -RRB- , they sound great . at least they 're cheap !
 It was not possible to make them work with my Yamaha drum module a lots of false triggering . Avoid them
 This is an easy to use program , but watch out for the bugs . The most serious problem is that if you save a score as a MIDI file , all the repeat & end signs that you may have put in the score disappear . There is another peculiar problem with the program
 I have n't been able to use it because the manual is garbage . I contacted them , with no reply . It is a waste of money if you ca n't figure out how to use it !
 Granted , I did n't pay a lot for this software , but I have found it very , very time-consuming to use . It is next to impossible to undo a mistake . In fact , if you make a mistake , you often have to simply delete your entire work and start over . Very poor software documentation as well . Wish it was better ... but , I 'm going back to just using blank staff paper !
 The program looks good , is easy to add notation and setup score once you know what you 're doing . The most serious warning I have is you can lose A LOT of time and effort with this program . The `` redraw '' painter button -LRB- or F5 -RRB- are absolutely not help to fixing the repeated crashes I 've experience with this program . After putting in just 20 measures of a new score , measure 5 developed some sort of bug that makes the entire program crashes if you attempt to make `` ANY '' change to the measure . There are no instructions as to how to fix a corruption in an individual measure and attempting to erase the measure in no good because , once again , anything you do will crash the program.I 'm not even certain I want to start over , and I had such great hopes for this program when I started ; my advice is to seek out a more reliably stable program !
 Poor documentation . Clumsy to use on some of the finer points of music notation . I 've lost file after file during the middle of notating music due to buggy programming corrupting the file while trying to fix musical mistakes . I guess you get what you pay for . I 'm going elsewhere and will pay for a more sophisticated program this time .
 I got this demo program included with my Yamaha digital piano . I 'm certainly not going to upgrade.The user manual so called help file is very small . The web page is worse.Their web site does n't have ANY information about this product at all . In fact there is only 1 archive file from September 2011 which talks about microphones.For example , I just wanted to see the melody harmony part on the screen while I played . But all instruments display starting with drums , piano , guitar , strings , soloist , melody harmony etc. in that order . In other words , you ca n't just see the melody harmony unless you scroll . When the song goes to a new screen , you have to scroll again . You can eliminate parts from showing but that also kills that part from the song.Get Band-in-a-box which is much more flexible .
 Title tells all . Even SF wo n't answer the question , other than to hem and haw about how to `` disable the plugins and bring them back online one by one '' . Not explained is how to `` disable the plugins and bring them back online one by one . '' But , then why would I be surprised , since SF appears to have be ` downsized ' after ` buyout ' .
 I had problems installing my indigo in a Via Epia carputer , it just hangs ... Anyway I tried in another computer , it almost installed well in my laptop but I can not make the mic to work . Anyway , I wrote to the support service and they answered me a six letter email message , like `` try this ... '' , even though in my email message I wrote that I have tried that same thing they recommended me to do.After that I wrote another email message telling them that I 've already tried that ... they did not answer me , and it 's been like three or four days since then .
 If you are looking for a real guiro , do not buy this one . I was very disapointed to find that it is more of a toy than a musical instrument . The shell is way too thick causing the volume to be entirely too low for professional use .
 I bought this turtle for use in the classroom . It is quiet and makes such a poor sound that my kindergartners do n't even want to use it . Bummer . It 's very cute , but now it 's just a desk ornament .
 This turtle is pretty cute , but as far as playing music goes , it does n't sound very nice . I would n't buy another and would n't recommend it .
 I was very excited to get the Digi Mbox , as I needed a stable , high quality digital recording solution . And it worked great for the first few days , until I upgraded my Mac to Tiger , and their software stopped working . No problem I 'll download an updater . BUT NO !! They CHARGE for this upgrade.The quality of the hardware is not impressive either , the mic preamps are noisy , you ca n't have a mic and stereo line inputs at the same time because they 're both on the same jack -LRB- even though there is a front panel switch to select between the 2 inputs -RRB- . I should have just bought the Maudio product .
 It 's such a shame that SKB chose to discontinue the D-rings on the SKB-130 contoured trumpet case because they completely ruined a great product . It was one of the best cases out there for the money , a highly protective hard shell case with the convenience and style of a gig bag . Some idiot in upper management -LRB- who obviously never played a gig in his life -RRB- decided to save a few pennies and stop putting D-rings on the case , so now there is no way to attach a shoulder strap to carry your instrument . Whoever heard of a gig bag with no strap to carry it ? SKB , if you 're listening , please put the D-rings back on the contoured trumpet case !!!!!!!!
 I got these for my fiance and he had them about 3 days . He was playing a gig using these to keep the volume low and one stick burst open with the wires flying everywhere . He only had it for a couple of days before it broke .
 A rather dinky little mute , and would be suitable for students , but unfortunately the sound becomes uncontrolable with this mute from low C downwards.David Hooke
 I shopped around to get one of these cool-looking things . I had it two weeks bfore it broke . I wore it arou d my neck , and used the pick that was in it a couple of times , then the little spring part broke right in half . I ordered it from a company through Amazon.com , so I sent it back to get another one . Although I had recieved the first one , the replacement one evidently was in the hands of an incompetent postal worker who could n't find my house . After almost a month of searching for me -LRB- so they said -RRB- they decided to refund my money . Dear Bolopick
 It 's a fantastic idea
 This power supply works fine , but the issue I have is that each supply is not isolated , meaning that everything shares a common ground . That means this is really not different than a daisy chain like ONEspot which is a much cheaper option or plugging everything into a power strip . For $ 100 , you 're better off getting the BBE supacharger or the T-Rex Fuel tank , which are both isolated power supplies . If you can spend the extra money , go with the voodoo labs power .
 The `` brick '' itself works fine . It 's as sturdy as any MXR stomp box , and powered my pedals adequately . The `` wall wart '' power adapter , however , is another story entirely -- the cord on mine snapped at the stress relief joint just a few months after purchase , rendering it useless . It did n't survive rehearsal -- no way it 's going to stand up to weekly gigs.Dunlop 's support rep simply told me to shell out $ 30 for a replacement . Thanks a lot ! I expect much better reliability -LRB- and customer service -RRB- for a $ 120 item .
 It looks sturdy , but thats where the good stuff ends . - It looks sturdy because of an awesome metal casing . Under that , its all light plastic . - The wall adapter is really bad . Thin wires . Only 2 pins -LRB- so I 'm not sure about good grounding -RRB- I have to treat it with too much care . - My 18V outputs stopped working shortly after I got it . - There are n't any isolated outs - Sometimes it does n't work okay and I have to unplug and plug , to get it going.Mine is about a year old . Problems have started recently ... 3-4 weeks back .
 Maybe i got a bad mic but I bought this mic for the purpose of modifying it . I did noticed the housing was n't as sturdy as other mics i 've owned -LRB- nady 1050 -RRB- . The writing on the mic were kinda just inked on , it was engraved on the housing.Before I did anything I recorded some vocals & notice the mic sounded thin & unimpressive . I continued to modify it by swapping the tube out for a better one . I notice it was still giving a thin sound . I then replaced the capsule & still no good.By the end of my modification I concluded that the mic was cheaply made & nothing short of replacing all the inner parts -LRB- transformers , wires etc. . . -RRB- would help this mic ... I guess thats what you get for a mic under $ 200
 Barely acceptable . Not consistent at all , poor cane quality - that being said , when you get a good one -LRB- perhaps 10 % -RRB- , they sound great . at least they 're cheap !
 Like a lot of these drum kits for kids this is more of a toy than an instrument . The hi-hat is basically unusable and drummers understand the importance of the hi-hat . With no real hi-hat or ride cymbal kids ca n't play a groove .
 Barely acceptable . Not consistent at all , poor cane quality - that being said , when you get a good one -LRB- perhaps 10 % -RRB- , they sound great . at least they 're cheap !
 I 'm old school , as in trained on mutlitrack tape recording live classical & acoustic performances . While this software is great for the techno-geek with electronica in every corner of the studio , this is not user friendly , has poor edit functions , and has a built-in `` auto-shutdown '' mechanisim that 's a real pain in the you-know-what . When trying to edit pre-recorded performances - ie , from analog tape or digital sources , I can not find any instructions on mixing , editing , and combining tracks into a seamless finished recording . The instructions are written for metered , digital loops , not continuous playing tracks.So , in all , if you record and mix/master `` loops '' and little songs , this software is excellent . But , if you 're working with a piano concerto , I 'd rethink purchasing this product .
 I had this only a couple months . they are made in China now . I bought it off ebay because it was cheap . Now I know why it was cheap.They used to be made in the USA , and have a good reputation . I bought this , and it only lasted two months , and then quit . Nobody could fix it properly - they said the insides looked different now that it is made in China.Don ' t buy one .
 It worked for a while , then it stopped working . I found the fuse was burned , I replaced it and now it only makes a buzzing sound , so I do n't think I could recommend this amplifier .
 I bought this at a local music store as part of a guitar & amp combo pack . It was a great little amp , until it stopped working after only 5 months and maybe a total of a dozen hours of use . Now when we turn it on it just makes a loud humming noise . If it did n't break , I would say it was excellent , but it broke , so I ca n't even say it was `` fair '' . Come to think of it , we had to return the first combo pack because a switch on the guitar went bad . Maybe Peavey needs better electronic components ?
 I would n't recommend this keyboard for anyone , not even the novice . A keyboard with 61 keys is too small for someone who already plays the piano . This keyboard has a `` tinny '' , cheap sound , as do the accompanying musical tones . The banjo does n't sound like a banjo ; the accordion does n't sound like an accordion , etc. . The rhythm selections all sound the same . The upper keys play at a lower volume than the lower keys.A sustain pedal is as important as the keys , yet this product did not come with one . It also did n't come with an adapter , which is equally important unless you have an unlimited supply of free batteries . I had to order the sustain pedal over the Internet , plus pay for the shipping . Nobody within 50 miles of me carried one . I also had to pay extra for an adapter and a set of headphones.If your looking for a decent keyboard , please consider buying the best and the largest you can afford . This one will leave you feeling cheated and disgusted , while it collects dust in the closet .
 Along with the already mentioned problems is one musical factor not covered-the keys have no touch senstivity . For anyone serious about playing or using it as an early learning tool , it is useless .
 My daughter got this as a present a year or two ago . She lost interest but I used it a lot becuase it has some music built in and shows you what keys to hit to play it . So I used it to teach myself a bit of piano . That was great . The problem is the keys keep breaking . I took it apart and re-arranged the key-sets to move the broken ones out to the little-used ends but now I have broken my third key and I think it 's kaput .
 Our school had previously purchased Casio keyboards . I had to replace a few keyboards and thought that this slightly less expensive Casio keyboard would have the same piano sound , even though it had less bells and whistles . It 's piano setting does n't even come close to satisfactory . Parents , if you are looking for a beginning keyboard , please spend a little more money and provide a better piano sound for your child.A few of my students also figured out how to make microphones out of their headphones -LRB- just insert headphone jack into the mic jack and talk into the head piece -- kids will try anything -RRB-
 I got this as a present last Christmas and opened it today ; I 'm disappointed that I did n't return it then.Having had a real piano in my house and looking for something for my college dorm , this does n't even remotely cut it . The keyboard overall sounds very tinny and fake , even to me as nearly a complete novice . As someone mentioned the keys have zero touch sensitivity . It 's got plenty of fancy features that I 'm sure a few people will like , but I really just wanted to be able to use a decent sounding keyboard , and this failed miserably.I 'd have trouble warranting spending $ 25 for a product like this , nevermind $ 100.1 / 5 .
 my main problem with the keyboard is it sounded cheap and nothing like the real thing . really cheap . i would n't recommend it to anyone .
 ok , maybe im being to harsh ... . its a good beginners keyboard . but you know what ? THERES NO AC POWER CHORD ! means you have to run it on batteries , and after about a week , the keyboard will turn itself off if you play a chord at 2 volume ! seriously , buy one that sais AC POWER CHORD INCLUDED !
 Amazon 's description clearly states that the AC adapter is `` in the box '' . But mine did not have one and the product information both at Casio and on the box itself says no adapter is included . This really bummed me out , I asked for this for Christmas thinking I 'd be able to fire it up right away , but no such luck . Yeah , you can feed it batteries but now I have to order the power supply to really enjoy it . This is false advertising and I 'm pretty upset about it . Actually , while we 're on the subject , why does n't it come with the adapter ? Pretty cheesy deal all the way around .
 I bought this and took it to another state to give to my grandchildren on Christmas Day . What a disappointment . Grandpa thought there was an adapter `` in the box '' as advertised so we had the whole day with no adapter and no batteries . I notified Amazon immediately . They sent me another whole keyboard but no adapter again . I will have to think twice about believing anything Amazon has in its ads . There were plenty of other places to get this , maybe I should have gone to a store where they could show me what was in the box before I disappoint my grandkids again .
 When we first got this guitar we were impressed with its sound and size.now approx . 8 months later the neck has split from the body . To make matters worse amazon does n't even show I made this purchase or any of my other purchases in my account under 2007 . So basically I am sol in trying to get any type of retribution for this problem . Buy at your own risk .
 In all honestly , I 'm not sure the Freeports deserve the Sennheiser name . Yes , they 're much less expensive than the Evolutions , so I might not expect them to be quite as good , but these things are barely adequate . Using them in a church for weddings , my audio operator had to start setting up near the front altar , because the Freeport 's range just could n't reach the back of the church . And even up front , we still get the occasional noise into the signal . This is especially noticeable when switching between the dual-diversity antennaes , something I never saw on the Evolution mics , which switched totally seemlessly.Bottom line , these mics are cheap - in price , and in quality . You get what you pay for .
 It seems to work ok unless you need to put the sound through the USB . Once you do so , there 's a high pitched noise and hiss that will come through on recordings . I Googled this issue , and it seems to be a common problem , especially on desktop computers . Laptops seem to have better luck . Apparently , there is a grounding issue with the USB . Aside from the high pitched noise and hiss , I could n't get my bass to sound decent through the mixer . It sounded great on the headphones on the mixer but sounded awful after going through USB despite trying a myriad of settings . I am currently trying to return this .
 I bought this on a recommendation from a friend . First I noticed over at his house a high pitched hiss when we were playing around with his setup . I thought at the time maybe this was something in his computer somewhere.Then I got mine , and lo and behold , the same problem ! This hiss only occurs through the USB interface . When I ran it through an M-Audio Mobile Pre USB , no hiss . I Googled this and there are numerous reports of people having this problem . This is not an isolated incident . I do n't do many Amazon reviews . I only take the time to do this one to say `` buyer beware . `` So if you are looking to use the USB interface , consider another product , because you are just going to have to sink another $ 30 - $ 100 on an audio interface to connect to your PC . If you do n't need USB , this seems like a perfectly fine mixer . It just annoys me to buy a something only to find that one of its main features is completely broken .
 I bought this little disappointment . Yea , it 's great , until you discover that the `` Delay '' selections are a big , fat , rip off!You have 10 different selections of `` Delay '' as they call it , nowadays . What ever happened to the word `` echo '' , it means a repeat of your voice when you say something , no matter if its repeated once , twice or more . Why do they call it `` Delay '' ? Anyone remember the good ole `` Echo plex '' , used in the 70 's ? Well ... for some stupid reason , Alesis decided to give the buyer three of the same `` Delay '' settings out of 3 of the ten `` Delay '' settings you have on the board . Most of the `` Delay '' settings are worthless , by the way . Instead of providing `` Delay '' that has longer delay between sounds made , you get everything * BUT * ! Example ? I wanted to be able to say a word -LRB- let 's use the word `` Danger '' , for example -RRB- and hear the entire word , repeated , or `` Echoed '' . What you hear out of the word `` Danger '' is `` ger ... ger ... ger '' . The first syllable is left off!Even if you are looking for something cheap , save your money and do n't bother . Its a big disappointment .
 This mixer is terrible . I have had two of them . The first one I bought worked for the first day then it did n't the next day . Okay . . I thought . Maybe it was a fluke ... a manufacturer 's defect . I sent it off to Alesis and they sent me a new one . Same thing happened . I got it on a Friday night . I plugged it in on Friday , and Saturday morning it did n't work when I booted my cpu up . Now unless there is some insane trick that I have to do to get this to work , this mixer only works one time on the first day . If you buy one , do n't turn your computer off . Do n't turn the mixer off . As a matter of fact do n't go to sleep or else it might stop working.I should have bought the Behringer .
 Hello , me being a guitarist and a 14 year old , this really is n't what you should get , first , its really expensive for only 10 watts , for that much you can get at most 30 watts at your local music store , which I personally think would be good for a begginner , because they could change the volume well , have more effects , and you learn alot more about music on bigger amps ! Second , it just does not give you enough options , and its not great quality , you want to buy a good sounding and durable amp if your willing to spend at least $ 70-80 without tax , this way you or your child wo n't sound muffled , distorted or have maybe unwanted feedback or radio signals .
 I just bought this SO Called Amp and I must say DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME ON THIS THING ! At the time of purchasing this amp I was looking for a practice amp that I could use that would n't wake up all the neighbors and the kids at night when I play on my 120Watt Line 6 Spider IV and though that maybe this First Act amp would solve all of my problems , but I was wrong . The Sound quality is SO out of whack on this amp that it does n't even pickup all the sounds from chord progressions and so on ! The Overdrive button is a Joke and the volume fades in and out if it is set more than a little over half way . I have 5 different electric guitars -LRB- 2 of them Schecters , 1 Epiphone , 1 Ibanez , and a Gibson -RRB- and I used all of them on this amp and I ca n't even begin to say how disappointed I was with this purchase ! Ultimately I returned the Item for a full refund and I am never buying anything made by First Act or any other generic brand equipment ever again ! I ca n't stress it enough for any guitarist -LRB- whether they are beginners or experienced musicians -RRB- to JUST BUY A DIFFERENT NAME BRAND AMP and you will save yourself or your children from having a lot of grief and heartache ! All the First Act Amps are cheaply made and have terrible quality which is why all their amps are so marked down from what their original prices were!Just Avoid this Amp altogether at ALL COSTS !
 This amp is SO bad . I used to have one knocking around in my shop for when I set up a guitar , just for intonation and tuning . It was so bad I could n't even use it for that . Just take your $ 45 and go to a pawn shop , or used music store and buy anything else . Anything ...
 My son is a sound recording technology student at college . I 'm a computer expert . To help my son in his studies , I upgraded his Apple/Sonar DAW to a ProTools environment . We spent many thousands of dollars doing so , and it was a painful experience.The Command | 8 proved to be the most frustrating element in the entire digital sound chain , and a lack of good documentation and support from Avid -LRB- or whatever it is called today - the company appears to merge and change its name weekly -RRB- does not help.It took weeks to get the device configured and working reliably with ProTools 8 . Even after that it would constantly require recalibration or would go offline arbitrarily , requiring reinstallation of protools to bring it back . I have no idea how pro-am studios manage to survive using ProTools.A few weeks out of warranty , the display failed and the unit refused to come online . The faders go crazy for a few minutes then park at the bottom although you can hear the fader motors still clicking wildly . This problem is posted several times on the Avid user forums , and appears to be a common defect . Repair costs might run to several hundred dollars.Unlike most users , we read the user manuals `` avidly '' and followerd all user directions . As a former sound engineer myself , I insisted that all equipment in the sound chain was covered with dustcloths when not in use . This device was probably used less than 100 hours in its lifetime.Do not buy this product .
 We bought these for our 11 month old twins that LOVE music . However , after a few days , we noticed both of them were covered in black ink and could not figure out where it was coming from . We then discovered that it was the ink on their egg shakers ! Who knows what is in the ink and they have been eating it for a couple of days now . :--LRB- Very disappointed ...
 My 2-year-old loved this thing . Until he dropped it accidentally on the vinyl floor in the kitchen and it broke open scattering bazillions of tiny little black balls all over the floor . They were a nightmare to clean up . The little balls were so ... squirrely ! And I did not want the kids to eat them ... what material exactly are they ? Anyway , we wo n't be using these anymore ! I guess if I really had to I would tape them !
 the sound is sharp and slow . If you use shaker eggs in your music like I do , you wo n't like these . But if you are looking for a kids toy , they are solid . I use shaker eggs alot when we are playing , and like to hand them out to the audience to play too , but I was a little dissappointed with these . The `` Eggz '' are much better , just not pretty .
 I really wanted to like these better ... I bought these as give aways to children when I was doing a lesson on rhythm at a gathering of families at our church . As a classically trained percussionist I am very picky about the instruments I buy , based aolmost entirely on the quality of sound they produce . Be that samdards that are adequate . This product lost points because because a few of them broke within a couple of minutes . I 'm glad I bought extras .
 I am completely obsessed with buying new toys for my kids and when I saw these shakers I had to get them . I love buying toys for my small child that has colors and simple sound . I find that the right type of sound can hypnotize and entrance a child for a long time . I handed these shakers to my child and he played with it for 5 min and never touched it again . Its very odd because he loved other shaking type toys . I 've given up trying to figure out why ... my conclusion is this toys is just too boring for my kids .
 Ordered this months ago and never received the item . Eventually just canceled the order .
 This brush has absolutely no place touching a record . The brush bristles fall out and get into the grooves , not to mention the scratching caused by this products WAY too rough bristles , its just a cheap foreign made piece of crap . Its not even worth $ 5 let alone $ 25 .
 I thought I was in the clear . I 'd been using the brush for a month and a half , effectively enough , when two days ago , I notice the carbon bristles all over the record I was cleaning . Anybody know how to get their money back for this item ? I would n't purchase this product , until they redesign and offer an updated model .
 can use the Audioquest cleaner and still see particles and dust on the record . Followup with the DAK record cleaner demonstrates that the DAK product is superior . And less expensive to boot ... sure the Audioquest does do OK , but nowhere near as effective as the DAK. .
 I would suggest getting a record &#34; cleaning &#34; kit before spending your money on this brush . It does remove static and some dust but little else .
 Just two weeks after the ` returns window ' closed this brush is shedding fibers that get churned up by the stylus and then disintegrate as dust into the grooves . I had an unbranded $ 10 brush like this before which did the same thing - I just thought it was because it was a cheap knock-off . I bought this one thinking that the $ 24 audioquest brand would be different - how wrong I was ! It would be a great brush if it did not shed , but it does shed , so it 's just so much trash .
 Well , I ordered this product based on the good reviews that it had accumulated . However , my brush immediatley shed bristles all over the record , lodging them all over the LP and in the grooves . Terrible product in my experience , and I think one of my favorite records is now ruined .
 This product only pushes dust further into grooves of vinyl records . Im glad I tested it on my serato records before using it on any of my precious vinyl . No offense to the seller , this is just a terrible product produced by Stanton . I do n't recommend this product to anyone .
 This brush is a piece of junk . It does n't do too well of a job removing dust at all , it more or less just spreads it around . The fibers shed quite easily as well . I had it shedding fibers from the the far left and right sides before i even put it on a record . Not only does this 25 dollar hunk of Chinese made junk not do what it 's intended to , but it scratches records ! Yes , I said it scratches records ! I used the brush foolishly confiding in it to do its job . When I was done , I noticed my record had more scratches than before ! I have to add , no pressure was added . I simply let it glide on the record , going with the grooves . Now my original Metallica Whiplash EP has more scratches than it did before . Thinking I was paranoid , I tried the brush on an old crackly Buddy Holly LP I 'll never play again , and just as I suspected , the superficial scratches started to accumalate . This was pretty easy to tell with a light held up to the LP . Please , do n't make the same mistake I did . I get MUCH better results wrapping a section of a cotton t shirt around my finger , turning the turntable on and let each pass against each song , dragging my finger down after a few revolutions . The dust and nastiness accumalates at the edge of the LP , and I simply slide it off . It works for me , unlike this brush . Please do n't make the same mistake I did . Stay away from this brush .
 I have this brush and was n't satisfied . It just pushes around the debris and does nothing . Then I bought the Hunt brush which actually works ! Buy that product cuz it is really superior . Sorry Audioquest . Your cables are great though .
 The version I picked came with a grounding wire , claiming that using the wire in conjunction with the brush would discharge all of the electrostatic-producing snap , crackles , and pops . If you believe that , continue to do so , and maybe you 'll imagine less surface noise than was the case before employing the device . Speaking more pragmatically , I 've found some use for the item only when loose , conspicuous debris has collected on the surface of a vinyl disc .
 THE VANNS COMPANY WAS VERY HELPFULL WHEN I RETURNED THE ITEM , THEY REFUNDED MY MONEY PROMPTLY , YOU COULD NOT ASK FOR BETTE SERVICE .
 After a week of owning this brush it is shedding fibers all over my records . I end up with more fibers on it than there were dust particles to begin with .
 I 'm pretty particular about having clean records , and when I use this brush I find it very inadequate . As others have reported , it will scratch the surface of your record ! This may not be an audible type scratch , but I 'm not sure about that . The way to view it scratching is to slide it onto a portion of the record near the center where there are no groves ... . Under normal use I 've watched with a flash light to see if I 'm picking up anything ... . and unless it is laying on the surface of the record it 's not coming off . On another turntable I use an old ESL dust arm that is far more successful in aiding in keeping the surface as clean as possible while playing . Unfortunately that dust arm is no where to be found these days ... . but there is a new type that is similar available on the internet that I will try out soon .
 The idea I thought was that it would eliminate the Single Coil 60 HZ pickup . It apparently is only of value with building ground issues .
 I 've been playing guitar for 10 years . Thought I would get this and put a killer pickup in itand have a fun beater guitar but it just was not worth the trouble . The neck had some fretslifting . I could not set the intonation on this guitar . The stock pickup is one of the worst pickups I have ever heard . The tiger print is a cheap fuzzy looking sticker , under the clear coat . My advice is to stay away .
 I have been trying to fix a ground loop issue and read great reviews about this product . It arrived as expected and I tried it on every piece of equipment in my system . It did absolutely nothing to fix the issue . I would recommend trying it to see if it works for you , but save your receipt .
 I bought this after reading countless articles about people picking up audio hum in there vid/aud eq . For experimenting which would work , i wanted to try something cheaper , but i spent the $ $ $ & tried the expensive HUM X , which DID NOT work for me . . Amazon had other things I tried , the Raptor which did do some good vs the $ $ $ HUM X. . I Was VERY DISSATISFIED ... !!!!
 I bought this item to break the feedback we were getting with a powered speaker that was picking up a nearby radio station . The building we are in has an electrical system that seems to be acting as an antenna that picks up the local radio station . Although faint , just hearing this broadcast while trying to use the speaker is anoying enough that it causes us to turn off the speaker . The Hum X was supposed to break such interfearance -LRB- or so I thought -RRB- but it has n't fixed our problem .
 I purchased one to hopefully remove my ground hum . First one was received DOA , no power would pass through and the red led did not light up . Ordered a second one and it is also DOA !
 Dimmer switches are notorious generators of electromagnetic interference . The Hum X is described as
 The Ebtech HumX did n't do anything for me.My home theater subwoofer buzzes when it is powered up . The loudness of the buzz changes depending on where I plug it in . This sounds like a classic ground loop problem to me.I bought the HumX and it did n't do a thing . Absolutely no change.Now I am stuck with the chore of filling out a form , getting a return number from the manufacturer , paying their restocking fee , and making a trip to the post office -LRB- paying the return postage myself -RRB- . That is almost as annoying as my noisy subwoofer .
 I had a ground loop hum in my home theater system . The projector was plugged in about 30 feet away from the rest of the home theater system , so I bought this Hum X Plug to try to break the ground loop.I plugged the projector into the Hum X Plug as directed and there was no difference at all .
 Item does not work . Tried on two tube amps , one foreign manufacture and one domestic . Zero results . There is absolutely no removal of amplifier noise -LRB- 60 cycle hum or ground loop hum -RRB- or whatever the term is . Evidently this product is only snake oil . I really do not like being taken advantage of , and the misrepresentation of this product accomplished just that . I will think long and hard before I try another product from Amazon as this is totally misrepresented . I realize that a large company such as Amazon has logistical difficulties , but the product should have been tested before it was put in the catalog offering . This product will serve as a reminder to me , not to purchase any product without personally testing same . This is not possible while ordering online , so I will not order anymore products from Amazon .
 I am about to buy the Ebtech HumX hoping to sovle a ground loop problem from my computer . Question is if I socket the HumX to the wall , is it possible to connect an ac distriburor to the humx then hock up all my dj equipment including my computer . Second qustion - can I use a ground loop b/w sound card and mixer simultaniously with the Humx ? P/L urgent reply needed
 I 've heard that some people have used this product with great results , but it did absolutely nothing to eliminate a hum problem I was having . So I gave it to a friend of mine who is a pro guitar tech to see if it might work for him .
 Bought it , tried it , the hum got worse . Did not eliminate ground loop on my sub . Sent it back . End of story .
 Another worthless product . This is not the magic bullet it claims to be . At least , not in my experience . I bought this and the Hum Eliminator XLR box ... neither of which provided me with any hum relief in my studio . It may be a more serious issue that these pieces are designed to cure ... . but based on the product description ... I expected to notice an improvement . Nope . Oh well , money down the drain .
 The description on Amazon claims that this thing `` Filters unwanted low voltage from ground line that cause ground Hum '' without bothering to explain what that is . The description on the package actually mentions ground loops specifically.I thought that maybe it had chokes that might help with high-frequency interference in some devices . It did not make a difference in my case . As far as its ability to eliminate ground loops , I was very skeptical , since it does its magic `` while maintaining ground connection '' -LRB- that 's a good thing -RRB- . By the way , in my case an audio isolation transformer solved the problem , as I knew it would . I wanted to try something different and it did n't work . For consumer audio -LRB- 250 mV line level -RRB- I would recommend JK Audio Pureformer , which costs just a few $ $ more than this thing -- pretty inexpensive for a good audio transformer.Before returning the `` hum filter '' , I got curious and made some I-V measurements . Here 's what I found -LRB- all measurements made between the respective terminals of the plug and the outlet of the mysterious device -RRB- : hot-hot - 5 milliohmscold-cold - 2.5 milliohms -LRB- yes , I can do that -RRB- ground-ground - looks like silicon diodes in inverse-parallel , so at low voltage the resistance is relatively high , and at about 0.6 V they begin to conduct.Actually , at first I used an regular ohmmeter , and it looked like the ground had a high resistance , which would make it unsafe , so I used a sourcemeter and got the above -LRB- correct -RRB- results.This is not a filter at all , and it 's ridiculously overpriced.The good thing is that the diodes can sink at least 3 amps , which is as high as my sourcemeter will go . That 's not enough for a really good ground connection , but at least it 's not obviously unsafe , and if they burn , they will probably just short out.The bad thing is that this wo n't always make a difference in terms of noise . What this device does is a sort of `` safe ground lift '' . So if you have two devices that form a ground loop only though the ground pins of the power plugs , and you power one of then through this thing , then it will work . That wo n't always be the case , especially in a complicated setup with multiple signal lines . In some -LRB- although probably rare -RRB- cases , if there is a leak from the power line to the chassis , this device could make the noise a lot worse . And the possibility of leaks is of course why there is a need for grounding.They write on the package that the device should not be used on an ungrounded outlet , which is true , of course , because then it really wo n't do anything . This information is currently not on the product description page on Amazon . This would have lifted the mystery fog a little bit .
 This bell case is floppy , not as firm as I thought it would be -LRB- to protect the bells from getting dented and such -RRB- . If I had actually held the case in my hands before purchasing I would not have bought it .
 I purchased this trumpet for my son . It sounded great for the first few days . Then it began to fall apart . It started off with an innocent sticking valve . My son oiled the valve . A few days later , the oil no longer helped . I took the trumpet to the local repair shop . When the repair tech looked over the instrument , he indicated that it was made from a very poor quality of metal that bent and scratched easily . He also showed me the bad welding work that was done to either repair or just build the valve . After a quick demonstration of this trumpet against a well-made trumpet , this trumpet will look like the toy that it is . Because of the poor quality of craftsmanship , the repair tech did not want to waste his time or my money trying to fix it .
 Its cheap in every aspect.My daughter decided she would rather not use a shoulder rest than use this shoulder rest.The vinyl covered foam was very uncomfortable for her . Our violin instructor just could n't find a way to make it comfortable.The grip -LRB- part that connects to the violin -RRB- is covered with this plastic thing which is horrible and seems like its easy to slip off . If it does slip off you can guarantee scratches on your violin.We ended up buying a Kun violin rest which is great .
 Upon ordering the item I was told that it should not have been posted because the company does not have any melodicas available . Thanks .
 I got one but it was damaged in the transport . I returned it . Not a good experience .
 Although impressive looking , I found the the Carlo Robelli W-4102-12B 12-String Guitar very difficult to play . Lowering the the action did not make this guitar any easier to play . And , it is next to impossible to keep this guitar in tune . All in all , I am very disappointed with this guitar and would not recommend it to potential 12-string buyers .
 That 's really all I would typically want to say about this utterly useless little piece of sheet aluminum -LRB- maybe it 's plastic , I do n't even care -RRB- but just so that no-one ever feels even tempted to buy this thing I want to make a few things clear about this product :1 . It 's not a professional tool2 . It 's not even a decent consumer/home-recordist tool3 . Do you love high noise floors ? This is for you!Yes , that 's right - if you love absolutely dismal SNR on your guitar/mic inputs -LRB- it 's not spelled `` MIKE '' - it 's ` mic ' , you do n't plug your jacks into a person named `` MIKE '' , get it right people -LSB- / random rant -RSB- -RRB- then this product is like a dream come true because it 's got noise in spades . It clocks in at an almost trash-can-worthy -55 dbfs of noise on the inputs ... but guess what ? That 's only when you do n't even have an any signal attached to the input at all ! If you want more noise , all you have to is actually connect an instrument/guitar/mic to it an turn the preamplifier gain up and boom ! You 'll have noise coming out your earhole there 'll be so much of it.As if that was n't awesome enough , it does n't even sound good . In fact , you could n't make it sound good if you had 3 doctorate degrees in computer science . Whatever brilliant Texas Instrument chipset/converter combo they stuck in here must have gone to complete waste through your-3-year-old-build-this circuit design because not only does it have noise pouring out it 's input sockets , but the result of recording something also sounds like your cat when you feed it a couple tablets of acid and record it fighting with a bull mastiff and then half-wave rectify the result before finally throwing the hard-drive you recorded it onto into a trash compactor and then trying to restore it to a machine running windows 3.1 in safe mode . That 's how bad it would be if you had Bob Clearmountain try to clean up the audio after you processed it . It sounds worse if you are n't a mastering engineer with 60 years of experience.The `` soft-clipper '' does nothing , hooking up a microphone to it will only make you hate yourself , and the stereo outputs -LRB- all mini-jacks , what the heck ?? -RRB- are like trying to plug your headphones into a broken transistor radio that does ' t support 3.5 mm.The only good thing about this product , is that once you waste your money on it believing that it may somehow actually `` record something '' for you ... you can sell it to a friend because it looks somewhat like something a respectable company might think to build if all they cared about was aesthetics and cheap aluminum . But if you have a large mallet , I can think of more fun things to keep it around for .
 This was a cheap product that i used for a line out to an amplifier from my macbook . I 'm using Propeller Head Reason 4 virtual rack synthesizer software and i needed a better alternative than my headphone out to play with a small group . This box ... is pretty cheap , but many other alternatives are upwards from 180 to 500 dollars so it really came down to that . I only use this for the line out purposes , though it should be noted that the box only has 1/8th inch out . I knew that when i bought it , but it 's still disappointing.If you need a cheap little firewire audio interface go for it , but if you 're looking for a semi-pro to professional sound for recording , this thing basically sucks . When i use the headphone out on the box there 's so much dirty noise , and the sound is terrible . I did a few recordings with it and gave up , i had better means as it were , but this thing does the job , if you need a cheap cheap cheap firewire audio interface . Just do n't expect anything super . You get what you paid for
 I ordered the 1/2 size for my daughter 's 1/2 sized violin and it does n't fit . I 'm very disappointed and have to send it back . It must be more of a 3/4 size .
 The specs on this product clearly state that it has key touch sensitivity . This was the main thing that prompted me to order it as a present for my nephew . Well , it does n't ! And I do n't feel like going through the hassle of having to tell him he has to send it back and I 'll get him something else for his birthday.Amazon should just give me a credit for future purchases in the amount of this misrepresented product.Very disapointed with Amazon .
 I was about to buy this product yesterday , and the price jumped up -LRB- yet again ! -RRB- from $ 49 to $ 72 ! I can understand a little inflation every now and then , but , judging from other reviews , this is ridiculous . Literally one night passed and now I can no longer afford this keyboard . Thanks Amazon .
 I was dissappointed to see that when I got the product there were old worn out batteries inside and I then had to go out and purchase an adapter and spend MORE money . The keyboard works fine now but that was unacceptable for me to have had to do that . I was very surprised by this from Amazon since I have had such good experiences so far .
 The product does not have the `` touch sensitive key '' function as it states in the technical specBeware !
 This is your typical ISO - Instrument Shaped Object . Leaks like a sive . Breaks when you breathe too hard . Buy brand names only - not Chinese junk . This thing ended up in my garden as a lawn ornament .
 I like the solid feel , weight and looks of it . When you plug in for power , you get a sense of pureness . I turned on my mixer , the noise was still there , static and radio tunes . I ` ts like my house is possessed by the spirit of static and radios . $ 100 experiment that failed . I 'll keep it though , on the bright side nothing beats plugging into something that looks and feels of quality .
 I picked up a set of these strings from JustStrings for $ 28.91 so I could restring my wife 's Fender Mustang . I sure felt like an idiot when they came up WAY too short . The Mustang is a 30 '' SHORT SCALE bass guitar . Am I missing something here ? The only thing I can come up with is this
 This product is no good . The signal is constantly dropping out with the worst feedback rejection ever . I do not recommend it .
 My seven year old daughter had this . She did not use it often and it broke easily
 I do public speaking . This does not help my voice at all . I wish it helped buy I can not tell any difference when I use it . It just leaves a bad taste in my mouth .
 Made me flem up and gag more than helped me , but that might just be me . I 'll stick with Singer 's Saving Grace .
 I ordered this product on a Wednesday , needed it for Sunday , and paid $ 14.95 for rush shipping . I then immediately emailed them asking them to expedite the order , especially since I paid so much for shipping a tiny item . I recevied a response over 24 hours later informing me that I would receive the product on Monday , 5 days after my order , AKA standard delivery time.My next performance , I kept myself hydrated the day I had to sing , and used this as a supplement to hopefully prevent the random coughing fits I get from my nerves drying out my throat . It tasted like sugar water , and had the effect of causing me to cough MORE than usual , rendering the product useless and counter-productive . Would NOT recommend .
 Perhaps I 'm one of the unlucky few , but this product did not work for me . I am the vocalist for my band and I had been having some vocal hoarseness . This product , while not tasting bad , only left me coughing . It somewhat burned the back of my throat and was mildly uncomfortable . This product did n't help me any better than a cup of warm tea . I hope it works better for the rest of you .
 Me and my band , Simple Groove , have been using the competitive product , Clear Voice , for a couple of years now , and I wanted to try this to compare it . I did so at a gig , just before I had to sing a difficult falsetto part on a song.It gave me an instant sore throat , and made me completely off-key when trying to sing that part . I can still feel it burning the back of my throat and this is now 8 hours later!So , get this and give it as a present to your competition :--RRB- -LRB- kidding -RRB- - Just get the Clear Voice instead - you 'll like it .
 This is a piece of junk that did n't last more than a couple of months before several things began to break down . Do n't waste your money .
 We love music and were thrilled when we received this as a gift . However it did not last 2 days . The top of the drum broke when my three year old hit ir instead of taping on it . Very disapointed .
 I put a Behringer condensor microphone and pop filter on this stand . If I bring the boom down more than 10 degrees from the vertical , it becomes tippy and unstable . I 'm going to use a lighter microphone and get a conventional desktop stand for the Behringer .
 There are a whole bunch of bad design features that outweigh the one good thing about this clamp , which is that it is strong and stays put . Now , on to the meat of this review.First , the clamping screw is MUCH longer than it needs to be , and depending upon the mics and mic clips you use , can get in the way of desired mic positioning.Second , this clamp utilizes a top-to-bottom clamping design in which the top of the clamping mechanism is placed on the top of the drum rim , and the bottom of the clamping mechanism hooks under the bottom of the rim . The mechanism is then tightened , supposedly `` sandwich-ing '' the rim between the two clamping pieces . While this is a great concept in theory , unfortunately in real life , if you look closely at the bottom of the clamps when mounted , you 'll see that the design of the bottom hook results in contact with the underside of the outer flange of the drum head instead of the rim , so the clamp ends up putting upward pressure on the drum head instead of clamping onto the bottom of the rim . Not only is that not good for the drum head , this ends up pulling the drum out of tune ! I 've tested this on multiple kits with different rims and the result is the same . If you use a 2-ply head , looking at the head from the top you can actually see the oil between the two films literally moving as you tighten the clamp!Third , there is a pastic sleeve that covers the bottom hook , presumably to help prevent marring of your hardware . Problem is that this sleeve tears very easily , especially at the `` tip '' of the hook . And , because the width of the jaw of the hook is wider than it needs to be -LRB- which is what actually causes the hook to contact the drum head -RRB- , on some drums the hook contacts the shell of the drum . So , when that plastic sleeve tears , you 've got metal coming into direct contact with the drum shell!As if all that 's not bad enough , the mic mounting rail is positioned in a way that even if the clamping screw was shorter , you still ca n't get short drum mics low enough to be in the proper position . Too bad there are all these things wrong with this clamp , because they do stay put , and the clamp is made of steel , which means it will endure pretty much anything you can throw at it , but it 's poor design results in it not being able to be used long enough to test its endurance .
 I put this on a floor tom , and it held well a few times , but the plastic gripper thing slides off the hoop now . It seems to be at the wrong angle .
 Rubber part attaching the hook -LRB- rim mount part -RRB- to the rest of the clip broke on first use . The rest of the clip seems sturdy , and probably will last a while , but that rubber part which holds it together is currently duct taped to get us through the next show . Very disappointed . Spend a little more money and get a more quality one .
 I bought a few of these drum mic clips to help speed up the break-down process after recording live bands . I was using cheap , hard plastic mic clips that secure firmly to the drum rim but are dificult to remove . And there 's nothing I hate more than being in the way of the drummer when he 's trying to remove his kit . I was hoping the screw-on clamp on these clips would be quicker and easier to attach and remove.I was wrong.It takes forever to unscrew the clamp enough to fit over the rim , then you have to screw them tight ... but not too tight . I 've used these clips a grand total of three times . I 've already had two clips fall off because they were n't tight enough and one broken because I tightened it too far.I 've gone back to the cheap plastic clips -LRB- which havent fallen off or broken once in over a year of use -RRB- and hold these in my kit as emergency replacements.I suppose they would work in a studio setting , where you have lots of time to set up and adjust your drum mics , but for my purposes - fast and cheap recording of live punk bands - these clips were a waste of money .
 Started breaking apart after one use . Stripping out , falling apart , does n't fit easily around hoop , and does n't look like the one pictured .
 The bolts for holding the mic clips are in * threaded * holes in this bar instead of spinning freely . What that means is they might as well not spin , because you ca n't tighten them to hold the mic clips pointing in just any arbitrary direction -- they only tighten up with the clip at one orientation , just like you were threading the clip onto a fixed bolt . Of course , pointing stereo mic is precise directions relative to each other is critical , but the only way to do that with this bar -LRB- unless you just get very lucky -RRB- is to leave them loose . But then they move out of position easily if you just touch the mic cables . Extremely frustrating and annoying , and the only way to fix it would be to get a couple of those thin nuts like most mic stands have , which can be tightened upward against a mic clip pointing wherever you want it , but I ca n't seem to find those anywhere . With this stupid design , they should have been included .
 I agree with review by Roger Harris `` rog '' so I will save both you and I time and just cut and paste.The bolts for holding the mic clips are in * threaded * holes in this bar instead of spinning freely . What that means is they might as well not spin , because you ca n't tighten them to hold the mic clips pointing in just any arbitrary direction -- they only tighten up with the clip at one orientation , just like you were threading the clip onto a fixed bolt . Of course , pointing stereo mic is precise directions relative to each other is critical , but the only way to do that with this bar -LRB- unless you just get very lucky -RRB- is to leave them loose . But then they move out of position easily if you just touch the mic cables . Extremely frustrating and annoying , and the only way to fix it would be to get a couple of those thin nuts like most mic stands have , which can be tightened upward against a mic clip pointing wherever you want it , but I ca n't seem to find those anywhere . With this stupid design , they should have been included . Save your money-I 'm just going to make my own .
 I bought these a year ago and had to replace the top high hat and the 18 '' crash cymbal ! If your serious about being a drummer buy some better cymbals ! You 'll be happier in the long run !
 OK , it was cheap -LRB- nine bucks at the time -RRB- , the design looked good and sensible , and it seemed a perfect solution to a real need . I bought it without hesitation . HOWEVER -LRB- ! -RRB- , once hooked up , I was very surprised how flimsy it is . I have a 13 '' gooseneck , a light condenser mic and small shock-mount on it . At the slightest movement of the mic stand this attachment flaps up and down like crazy and will continue this way for a something like a minute if not stopped by hand . Obviously , any small bump into the stand will once again set this off . Using it at home , I 've gotten away with not touching the stand while recording by being very careful , but obviously this unit is far from ideal . Since then , I 've gotten another sidemount boom from this same brand , and though I have n't really put through its paces yet , this other unit is rock solid and far more adjustable and reliable , AND only costs a few bucks more -LRB- On Stage MSA9508 Posi-Lok Sidemount Boom -RRB- . For anyone considering this product , I HIGHLY recommend bypassing this one and forking out just a few more bucks for the On Stage MSA9508 Posi-Lok Sidemount Boom . You will be far far happier.Cheers !
 I tried it for iPad . It kinda wobbles up and down . It has a light strip of metal without a bracing design so it flaps up and down when something heavy is attached to the end such as my iPad . I only recommend it for something light weight . There 's better ones out there . See my review on the music stand . That comes with a solid extension arm ...
 I bought these a show I was playing and I had one break about 4 songs in , but the other stick did n't snap for a few weeks . I think I just got a lemon . They do look pretty cool though .
 I BOUGHT THIS SET IN NOV. 2010 TWO MONTHS LATER THE SHELL WRAP BUBBLED I CALLED D DRUM AND WAS TOLD TO RETURN SET AT MY EXPENSE.THE SHELL WRAP IS PUT ON WITH 2 SIDED TAPE.SOME OF THE LUGS WERE UNEVEN . POOR CUTOMER SERVICE AT D DRUM.DO NOT BUY !
 Company is out of business and left previous owners hanging . Bias uses challenge and responce authorization and when they close down the web site you are SOOL .
 Bought this for my 8 year old daughter to take lessons with . My father plays alot and tuned the guitar . Within 5 minutes it was out of tune . Tried several times assuming the neck would settle in . So far no luck . Continuous tuning is needed . Even the teacher tried and could not make it stay in tune . Bummer , otherwise looks nicely made . We have n't returned it because the box was destroyed in transit .
 I got this because of its good reviews . I read about the terrible hum , and kind of disregarded it because I wanted a good cartridge for cheap . For about a month , it worked perfectly , then it started humming . Today -LRB- about 4 months after buying it -RRB- the stylus snapped in half while playing a record .
 To be fair , I never got a chance to use it because it was missing the piece that allows you to attach it to the headshell . I had to send it back .
 Really , there 's nothing wrong with the case itself . I just do n't like it.I do n't like the fact that I 'm trusting my $ 300 mixer to a nylon strap and a plastic buckle . I do n't like that the foam they provide to pad the lid -LRB- and keep the mixer in place during transport -RRB- screws up my channel settings . I do n't like that I have to remove the mixer from the case in order to use it . I do n't like that the glue holding the velcro from the cleats has already given out.It good for what it is ... I was honestly expecting this to be a rackmount unit -LRB- purchased it elsewhere -RRB- , and was led to believe that the strap and buckle enclosure was `` added security '' to latches on the case .
 Unless you have a swan -LRB- or artificially extended -RRB- neck , this shoulder rest will be too high for you . I bought this as a replacement for my Everest , but it 's actually more uncomfortable.I 'm currently searching for a chinrest pad . My current shoulder rest is fine , except I ca n't seem to get a good grip on it without clenching my teeth -LRB- bad habit -RRB- .
 Reason for the poor rating is that the picture displayed is a RED Java and what was shipped was a Green Java . It appears Amazon does n't know the difference , because I ordered from 2 different vendors and I keep getting GREEN when what is pictured is RED !
 The wrong product was send , ordered a box of red java reeds , and was suprised when I received the green !
 I was expecting too much for my money . One of the tubes was dented , finish pretty bad . I 'm glad I only bought it for a practice kit .
 The stand that came did not include a boom , so it was not what I ordered .
 My guitar did n't even come like they said it would.they tape stuff over the white part on the body was peeled off it was rusty and three springs were missing on the bottom of it were they rectangle thing is at and it wasnt blue it was matallic lite blue like torquise . atleast it plays right ... almost right .
 Even if you 're a beginner , stay away from this brand.I bought an Austin Bazaar brand guitar from Amazon a few years back . Within a month of purchase , the neck cracked -LRB- I did not drop or mishandle it -RRB- and the company would not allow a return or refund . I was stuck with it.The action is too high , making it harder to play fast notes at the higher frets like many rock guitarists want to play . This can be adjusted , but it would cost the same to fix as you would pay to purchase it.Finally , the brass pieces separating the frets are actually sharp and do n't feel good as you 're moving across the fret board.Pay just a little bit more and get a Fender Squier Bullet or an Epiphone Les Paul Jr. . For smaller hands , Fender and a few other respected brands make mini versions of their guitars for about the same price.And happy playing !
 this guitar i receieved has a warped neck ; how dare you send this product out .
 I 'm a luthier and bought this one for my client 3 years ago -LRB- in 2005 -RRB- . It was the first guitar I bought from the amazon.com . It was made in China ... so ... we know what the quality is . The seller had to ship me another one because the first one had a crack on the neckheel . With half of this price you can buy the same guitar on the ebay . . and of course with the same BAD Quality .
 This 2 X 10 cabinet is louder and punchier than an Aguilar 4 x 10 cabinet , and Aguilars are known for their high sound pressure levels . I tested this cabinet against just about every speaker configuration and brand in the store , and for the size and price , nothing could outperform this cabinet . I paired it with a Genz Benz Streamliner 900 watt head . It 's also extremely light . I can carry the cabinet with one hand and my head unit in the other , so I can take the head unit and cabinet from my vehicle to my gig in one trip . Now , the downside ... This item was listed as new on Amazon and the seller was Dancing Dragon Music out of Oklahoma City , OK . It was not shipped to me in a Genz Benz factory box -LRB- It was in a VOX amplifier box -RRB- , and had no owner 's manual nor any paperwork included . The protective plastic corners were scratched . Other than that , the cabinet appeared new . I just figured it was a demo model , and that was why it was $ 200 cheaper than anywhere else . Once plugged in , I noticed the lower woofer made a slight farting sound . At first , I thought it was air escaping from the ports . Over 2 months , it got worse until one day , both speakers suddenly would only play at about 1/2 volume and sounded as if they were under water . I never used the overdrive button on my amp head and do n't play at excessive volumes because my band practices in a 12 X 12 room . I tested the head and found it to be in proper working order . I then contacted Genz Benz because they handle their warranty issues directly with the consumer instead of the consumer working with the dealer . I shipped the cabinet to Genz Benz , and they told me the woofers had been overdriven , which had in turn hyperextended the surrounds . This type of damage is NOT covered under warranty . The worse part is , I 'm not the one who damaged them . It was apparently a customer -LRB- s -RRB- of Dancing Dragon Music who tested it in the store . Based on the serial number , the agent of Genz Benz told me this cabinet was from their 2007 stock , which was four years ago!Long story short , I had to foot the bill for two new woofers for the cabinet . Genz Benz was a class act and gave me a great discount on the repair . I would definitely buy more of their products , but NOT from this seller . Do not buy from Dancing Dragon .
 okay . Your first pointer
 Fell apart within about 5 weeks of mild use . When tuning veneer cover pulled apart and splintered . Not worth $ 10 .
 This is a toy guitar . I can not say that enough . It does not stay in tune . My son received one as a gift from a relative a couple years ago . The only thing I can say is that , if you just want to see if a child would be interested in guitar , then you could buy it for that reason , it 's cheap enough . It would certianly not be good for a child with a real interest in learning the guitar as they would be disapointed in the guitar not staying in tune and might then lose interest . If your serious about a true instrument , stick with the known brands and visit a music store to learn more about what would be appropriate . The real ones -LRB- child size -RRB- can be found for around 100.00 so it 's worth it .
 My son opened this toy on Christmas morning . He was able to use it for 2 minutes before a string broke , and the guitar strap we purchased that was recommended for this toy was n't compatible .
 So , in this case we definitely got what we payed for so it should n't come as a suprise . It looks swell next to the Tacoma on the stand , but it is painful to hear . We could n't get it in tune , much less keep it there . As far as I can tell , there 's no way this will ever sound good.On the other hand , it works great for the four year-old twins that play it . Hopefully the sound wo n't drive them away from learning that instrument .
 I purchased this for my 9 year old son for Christmas . Luckily , I took it out and inspected it while he was n't home . I took it to my piano and was going to tune it when I noticed that tuning it made the neck start coming away from the main part . After twisting the middle string 2x it broke . First Act includes extra strings for the two thinnest strings but not for the middle . I am very disappointed and will be sending it back . I 'm just glad I looked at it before Christmas morning .
 I stumed the 2 high strings broke . I restrung it and the middle string snaped . The Pick guard feel of when I opened it . I noticed that the frets are stickers . I started to inspect it and when I licked my fingers the cheap paint came off . I was so mas . I took a bucket of water and poured it on it . All the paint came off . I relized it was cut by a saw . When you tryed to tune it it just bent the neck , the neck is made out of ply wood . It was so dinged up when I bought it . I do have other guitars , I bought this for a travel one . When the neck bends it makes all the other stings untned . DONT BUY THIS !!! Half of my plastic tuners fell off . The bottom part that holds the strings is half off . I only have half of my sticker frets . The neck is glued to the guitar . I had glue all over the bottom of the neck . The thing that hols the strap fell off . Most of these things happened when it came out of the box . I finaly decided after my inspection and the out of the box condition , and the things that would happen with normal play that it should be destroyed . First I took a bucket of water and poured it on it . All the paint came off . Literaly all off it . All that was left was the crpy ply wood . It was mad out of so so so cheap plywood . Do you know when you get plywood that is so tine you can pok you finger on it and it makes a dent . When I poked another light time it whent thru . I used it for the roof on my fort , cause that is all it is worth . After a rain storm it started to get messed up . The plywood is made of like what happens when water goes on sheetrock . The rest of it i burnt , which lit in a fireplace the instant it went in . The only fun part was the destructive part . Do n't buy it . You can get the same size for around 40 dollars at amazon . Parents it is good for little kids because they can and will pound on it and it will break . Well i think it was worth 20 bucks , it was so fun to destroy it . Do not get it .
 I thought that maybe we had a bad experience with this because our kids are only ages 3 and 4 when they got it . It sounds like other reviewers who got it for much older children had equally poor durability issues with this guitar . The screws which held our tuning forks rather quickly stripped and the whole functionality of tuning the guitar was shot because the tuning bases were no longer secure . We also had a string break with what seemed not extraordinary tension . My kids did love playing with this guitar despite being clueless to how it actually worked . It was dropped and stepped on frequently and did not lose it 's integrity to be played . The tuning fork screws are miniscule and will not hold long . That , will quickly render the guitar playless . I would definitely recommend chosing another guitar over this one . You get what you pay for !
 We bought this guitar for my 10 year old son as a guitar to start him on . It was nothing but frustration for all of us . It is very poorly made , never tunes properly , and is all around junk . He is constantly irritated at the fact that even if he plays the chord correctly , it still sounds wrong . After questioning a nearby music store about this particular guitar the manager told me that they get at least 5 or 6 a month in for repairs that end up costing the same as the guitar did.Reasons for the ratings
 I am knowledgeable about guitars so I was reluctant to buy this thing to begin with , knowing that you usually get what you pay for . But I gave it a shot anyway.This guitar is made to be BOUGHT not PLAYED.The intonation is so bad that it can not be tuned , especially the low E string.The problem is the height of the zero fret.It looks nice , but no child can learn to play on this guitar . Save up and get one that can be tuned .
 Just get a real one . It 's a waist to get a student guitar . Trust me just spend $ 20.00 more on a real one , or better yet just do n't buy a guitar . That may be the fad this decade but kids like me are going to need that money to go to collage or buy a car later on . Save your money kids , save your money !!!!
 My mom bought me this horrible guitar.The furnish is bad becauseitalways falls.The strings almost broke.And the sound is awful.It saysthat it 's great for kids.They are wrong !!! It is the most horribleguitar I have ever played !
 Well the mounthing system is good but with out the metal pole is workless.Please be carefull when you buy this items ... Thanks .
 Would not recommend this for an active drum circle . It survived only one drum circle event . Would have rather spent a few dollars more for a better made product as we drum regularly . Not recommended for young children .
 Plain and simple . I ordered a beautiful guitar and received a thin paperback book titled , ` The Cat Who Loved Christmas ' . Upset ? yes Angry ? yes Completely and utterly confused ? ABSOLUTELY !
 I ordered it , paid for it , and never got it . Then a couple days later i am told they do n't have the product . They need to be more careful about the products they have online if they do n't have them then do n't post them . It is just not good business practice . I was really wanting this product and now I ca n't get it . Not happy at all about this . Now i have to get an even more expensive one to get a guitar . Please be warned .
 Had to return it , it did not fit my Dulcimer
 What I mean by that is ... it 's a DVD-ROM . It does not , repeat DOES NOT , play in a DVD player like one might expect when ordering a DVD . For this title , you must insert it in your computer and watch quicktime movie files on your computer media player.As such , I can not comment on any of the content of this disk ... I have n't been able to watch it . Shame on me ... maybe there was some fine print on the order screen that I did not see ... when I ordered a DVD , I thought I would receive a PLAYABLE DVD that would work in my DVD PLAYER ... get it?Ultimately , the content may even be great ... someday , maybe I 'll actually get to see it and figure that out for myself . It 's just that what was delivered to my mailbox is not what I expected or what I wanted.Just for information and comparison purposes , subsequent volumes within this series -LRB- Volumes 2 & 3 specifically -RRB- ARE playable DVDs and DO work in a DVD Player ... as I would expect ... and in accordance with what I wanted and ordered .
 I was hoping for a simple table for my daughter 's Privia . The box arrived quickly . Inside the box were the sides of the table made of particle board . It quickly became clear that a major project was in store to put it together . The instructions came in multiple languages -- the English bit did not seem to help much . The table screws into the Privia -LRB- major negative -RRB- . I finally gave up and sent the box back . It was even hard to get the parts back in the shipping container !
 This product not only does not hold up to its hype and description nor does it do even a fraction of what you expect for cataloging ones music and dvd collection.As for ease of use forget it.I unistalled the software and wrote it off as an expensive lesson learned and money lost .
 One star is an exaggeration . This program did not work from the start . For their customer support I was on hold -LRB- at long ditance rates -RRB- for 20 minutes , then I got dumped . I recalled and talked to a supervisor who gave me BAD advice . As far as I am concerned Protools/digidesign is very expensive garbage . DO NOT BUY THIS .
 I was not able to use this screen because it was the wrong size , because of the low cost I did not return it
 I ordered this to use for `` special '' effects in a community theater performance . It was so messy and ineffective , we did not use it . Would have returned it if it had n't been so much trouble so we kept it and hope it will work for something in the future .
 Not that it matters a whole lot , but the amp I received does n't exactly resemble the photo.The good : It 's cheaply priced and was shipped very promptly with tracking information provided . It also came with a guitar chord which was n't mentioned in the description . Parents will probably love this amp for their kids . It does what it 's supposed to do . A young beginner will probably be very happy with this amp.The bad : The sound . Not the best sound quality . But then again what can you expect for 40 bucks.The ugly : My decision to worry about saving 20 bucks by buying this amp instead of a Fender Frontman 15 watt amp . But that 's my fault , not Austin Bazaar 's . Conclusion : If you 're looking for a small amp for your kid 's first guitar , this is probably a decent option . But if your looking for a small practice amp with decent sound , this might not be your best choice .
 FROM VANDOREN 'S WEBSITE
 This is the same mic that is included with Shure 100WD microphone sytem . The only additional item in the 100WD is a desktop stand . So if you do n't care for a desktop stand , go for the cheaper 8900 . I bought the 00WD for Karaoke and vocals , and was much disappointed by the extreme sensitivity of the mic handle and wires . If your fingers moved even a bit -LRB- without tapping too and far away from the mouth piece -RRB- , the noise would be heard . Definitely poor quality mic if you want to hold it in your hand and sing . Much disappointed.If you want to leave it on a stand , you could consider it as long as the wire is not touched at all.I returned my piece back to Amazon , and am back in the market looking for a better value for money .
 I bought the mic in the hope to record quality sound on my computer . However , I have to turn the volume and the level of mic both to the maximum in order to produce a decent loudness on my speaker system.My sound card is SoundBlaster Audigy 2 ZS Notebook . I used my computer 's built-in sound card to test it , too , and the result is the same
 I bought this mic for use doing interviews . The reviews I read said it had great mic isolation and had very little handling noise . This is NOT true . Just holding the mic as stationary as you possibly can you will hear handling noise . If you mount it to a mic stand and anything touches it , you will hear that noise in your recording . I spoke with an engineer at Shure and he said that this is not the mic for handheld use . It 's an entry level mic that is very limited in how it can be effectively used without tons of handling noise .
 this did not fit on my daughters violin for even a second . so disappointing because i think its a great idea . her violin teacher was stunned that it did not fit , and said she has had them work before . maybe it was the type of violin ???
 I put a set of these tuners on a Gibson SG less than a year ago . Cool idea ; straightforward string locking mechanism and built in cutter . They look very nice , too . However , right from the get-go the tuner for the high E string would often let it slip . I ended up using multiple wraps around the post just like a standard tuner to make it hold . Minor aggravation . Now , within the last month , two of the tuners have broken . Yes , I play strings that are a little heavier than usual , and I do a bunch of string bending . Still , for what these things cost and the hype , I expected more . I ended up replacing these with Wilkinson tuners for a LOT less money . The Wilkinsons have two holes at 90 degree angles through each post . It results in a very simple , yet very effective string locking system . And the Wilkinsons are very well made . I took one apart before deciding to use them on my guitar , and was surprised and impressed at the quality of the components .
 I installed these tuning machines on a Fender Strat and quickly blew through $ 15 worth of `` B '' and high `` E '' strings which slipped and popped out as I tried to bring them to pitch . There was nothing unusual about the strings I used -- in fact they were made by D'Addario , the maker of these tuning machines . Thinking the machines might be defective , I ordered a second set , but had the same problem . I 've since gone online -LRB- too little , too late -RRB- and found that others have reported the exact same problem -LRB- see the Musician 's Friend website -RRB- . On top of everything else , you have to drill pilot holes in the peg head to install them , which is not only a pain , but also I now have a bunch of holes in my peghead . These tuning machines are a disaster and should be recalled .
 As a young couple , you can only imagine our disappointment on Christmas day -LRB- after paying for Express shipping in order for it to arrive on time -RRB- , for our six-year old son to open up half of a drum set . The description stated that it was `` a complete drum set , ready to play '' . Not only did we receive only ONE box -LRB- HALF -RRB- of the set , but to also have to TRY to explain to our young son that Santa had somehow `` dropped half of his present off of the sleigh '' , but to wonder if we would -LRB- or will -RRB- be granted what we rightfully paid for as he anticipates the remainder of his gift , is quite a headache , as well as a worry . As I read on an earlier review , I wish that we would have also taken to heart and listened to earlier reviews stating the same thing that we have gone through . I am extremely upset that this company would not live up to what was promised , ESPECIALLY during such a special time of year for the little ones . As adults , we understand this concept ; however , how do I truly explain this to my son , or any child at that ?? I am beyond upset and am currently anticipating an email back from this company , as I emailed them first thing this morning -LRB- yes , on Christmas day -RRB- . I think I have said enough .
 This item arrived incomplete . I received a box labeled 2 of 2 . Inside was the shells of 2 drum pieces . All the stands were missing . I called Amazon back and they said this item is under review . I was offered a similar set for equal price . The staff at Amazon were great in finding me a solution so that my son could get his drum kit by his birthday . I ca n't review on the actual product as it was incomplete .
 I bought this item right before -LRB- Christmas 2010 -RRB- and like almost everyones reviews I got the same results . First off they regret to mention that they will only send you 1 out of 2 boxes -LRB- WHY SELL HALF A SET - DUMB !! -RRB- So I received my one box and I was like where is the rest of it , so I gave Music123 a call and gave my explanation and they said t hey they made a mistake on amazon , they said It was suppose to be just box A , so I ask what about box B they said oh that 's separate . I told them how much do I got to pay for the second box and they said make an offer , that it was worth $ 200 so I said $ 80 they next day shipped because I had a show I had to perform at the next day . So I received the second box and I put everything together and after 15 minutes of playing the cymbals were all bent , no real sound . Sort of felt like hitting some cheap metal . Also the drum heads were done after one practice , and to top it off the hardware do n't is already broken . I only used it for a practice and one show , had to buy some Sabian cymbals and Remo drum heads , which ended up costing almost the same as this drum set . The only thing I can say is okay are the drums themselves decent wood material , but the point is getting a WHOLE drum set not just a portion . I have n't even had this set for a month and it 's fallen apart already , aside from the drums . -LRB- I mean I had to buy drum head -RRB- Funny thing they said they were going to change the wording on the item on amazon and nothing yet , so they must not be serious about making customers happy . So my final review on this is DO N'T BUY THIS ITEM , read everyones reviews including mine , and it ai n't worth being unhappy with your item . Just a note I have bought from amazon for 6 years and this is my first bad review . Hopefully this was helpful . Once again do n't buy this .
 We ordered this for my son 's birthday . Two boxes arrived separately from different shipping companies . There were hundreds of pieces including the nuts and bolts and there were no instructions .
 After ordering I saw the review which explained that what you see and what is stated is in fact misleading . I was hoping to be able to surprise my son and daughter with the complete drum set show in the pictures . However as mentioned in another review only one box arrived . There was no stand for the throne , no stands for the symbols , no snare , no pedal for the bass drum , no feet for the floor tom , no stand for the snare , and no instructions on how to assemble any of it . I have emailed Music123 . Here it is Christmas Eve and I have no hope of salvaging this . I will revise if some favorable response is received . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 T HIS DRUM SET IS NOT BUILT WELL POOR CRAFTMANSHIP AND BAD CUSTOMER SERVICE AT D DRUM -LCB- MIKE P -RCB- .
 This violin was purchased for my daughter by her grandparents . It arrived without the bridge installed . However there are no instructions on how to install the bridge . Try as we might , we have been unable to get the violin to make noise when the bow is drawn across . I have contacted the company in hopes that they will advise . I would not purchase this again .
 I 'd rate this `` 0 '' stars if I could . Bought for my child . Have had this violin less than 10 months , with minimal use . Neck already broke away from the body ! Ca n't be fixed ! What a waste of money . Pay the extra $ $ and go to a music store to purchase one ! Wish I would 've done that from the start !
 Not sure who this violin is for . It is not good enough to be a real violin but not really a toy either . Big , Big waste of money
 I know nothing but when I turn the knobs that tighten the strings they dont stay tight , I know that aint right . they just turn back to where they arent tight enough for my liking . this cant be right . what ever its for my 6 year old daughter I hope she enjoys it . personally its like anything else in this world you get what you pay for . it looks nice but really I must say its cheap .
 This violin is very cheap and it 's overall , very cheap and unstable ! The strings did n't fit properly because the knobs were loose ! This violin is much too small and it is a very bad violin . It was a waste of money and personally , I would rather go out to a music/instrumental store and buy it from there . Although it might be a bit more expensive , it 's worth it .
 The case is a nice case but it ABSOLUTELY does not fit the applause tenor ukulele . It is misrepresented as a Ovation Applause Tenor Ukulele/Mandolin case for the Tenor Ovation uke . Additionally contributing to the problem is that the dimensions for the uke and the case are backwards . The uke is a little longer than 29 inches and the case is about 27.5 inches.When they say customers buy the uke and the case together those customers are buying the case for something else . If they are buying it for a Tenor Ovation Applause Ukulele the uke will STICK OUT OF THE BAG by +1.5 inches -LRB- And yes I am a bit annoyed . -RRB- I 'm returning the case and need to find a suitable one for the Tenor uke still . I wish it fit cause it is well padded and has a convenient shoulder strap .
 make sure you use the factory supplied power supply . i accidentally plugged an AC adapter into the DC port on the back and smoked the whole unit . what a waste . these are n't well made either . they will work , but expect chatter and interference .
 I may have liked this item but since it ca n't be shipped to me , I wo n't know . Can Amazon please correct the red statement that appears when something can not be shipped to your location , because it did n't show up with this item and I hoped to buy a violin today.Can anyone suggest any cheap beginners violin that can be shipped to me in Australia ?
 Makes no sense that we bought this without a bridge . Though inexpensive , it did not say there was no bridge .
 I will preface this with saying I am completely new to the violin but I am careful in tuning . I did n't need much , so I did n't ask much of this instrument . That said , I was extremely disappointed in this product . The instrument came with the bridge and strings already on . That was worrying to me because the strings can get stretched out during shipping and storage . Sure enough , none of the strings would hold their tune . Adjusting one meant the other pegs would slide loose , and the fine tuners were all but worthless . When trying to tighten the A string , it snapped and hit me in the thumb . I was facing the instrument , so it was extremely lucky my face was n't hit . Even still , I have a red welt and no love for this thing . Shipping it with the strings and bridge on made them stretch out of tune . I know it 's a cheap violin , but I did n't need anything more than those dang pegs to hold in place . Even if I could get some peg drops and new strings , it 's a lost cause . I could play a tub with strings better than this .
 I bought this thing and it didnt even have the bridge set in it . Also the bridge had no angle to it so it would n't play notes right . The bow doesnt even work on a 200 dollar violin . Dont bother with this , go to a real violin store .
 As a teacher , I see these `` great deals '' that parents get here . Student come in so proudly with the new and shiny violin in a fancy looking case and everything is great - until it 's time to tune . Pegs do n't hold , tailpiece gut gives way and the violin will not stay in tune through a single rendition of `` Twinkle '' . Fine tuners on these bend easily and bridges and nuts are rarely carved out evenly so strings are spaced oddly making it hard to play in tune . I waste more class time when these are in the class trying just to get the instrument playable than teaching and we have n't even gotten to the bow yet.If you buy an orchestral stringed instrument for under a few hundred dollars , that is a TOY ! It makes a very pretty wall hanging too . If you want it to stay in tune , you will need to visit a luthier -LRB- violin repair -RRB- and get it refit . Feel really lucky if you can find a repair person that will do that in the first place , then be prepared to spend about twice what you just spent on the instrument to fit it up . Tunable instruments start well over a hundred dollars.Rent while your student grows , or spend some money and give your student a chance for success . You can hang this one up and notch it for each song learned on a REAL violin .
 I expected something so much better , but I got the worst . I never played the violin in my life , and could tell that I did n't want to be playing out of this thing . I read the review and it sounded good , but it I think it was ment for another violin ! It is cheap and it literally is ! I rated it one star because it would n't let me rate it a zero . However , austin bazaar customer service was quick on answering my return questions .
 I 've never written a review on Amazon before , but I finally have to because I was really disappointed by this product . Yes , it 's a $ 40 violin and I should n't expect much for that price , but the violin we received in the mail looked absolutely nothing like the one in the picture . It 's not clear if it 's even made of wood . What we got was a dull brown , sickly sheened , plastic-y looking thing . No sign of wood/fake wood/wood grain , anything . It was a gift that I had sent directly to the receiver so I did n't have a chance to quality screen it first , and I 'm pretty bummed about how it turned out . Luckily my friend did n't seem to mind :-RRB- Otherwise I would definitely be returning it.So long story short , do n't let the picture deceive you . This violin is probably a serviceable instrument for having cost $ 40 , but it sure ai n't pretty .
 looks like a toy violin . very poor quality . the strings were n't attached . I could n't use it . I knew it 's cheap but did n't expect that such horrible quality .
 At the school where I teach , we call these ` Violin-shaped-objects ' because they are not violins . Do yourself and your teacher a favour by spending an extra $ 100 and get a playable instrument . A crappy instrument will put you off . It 's not worth it . You may luck out and get one of these that are ` OK-ish ' but the quality is not consistent and most are dreadful . You can get a decent instrument for another $ 75 to $ 100 . Worth spending the small extra than throwing away $ 60 on this , unless you want to spend all of your precious lesson time trying to tune up ! Only my humble opinion .
 We were very disappointed in the product . It looks nice if that was all you were going to do with it . We bought it for our 7 year old granddaughter . Our son-in-law was not able to get the strings to tighten properly . The wood piece that we assumed was to keep the strings tight would pop out whenever he tried to tighten the strings . He said the bow did not work either . So all in all it is not usuable and a great disappointment for a little girl . We would like to send it back for a full refund if possible . Thanks
 I bought this violin because I was considering learning to play . I have never played a classical stringed instrument before but I have played guitar for years now . After assembling the violin I was barely able to produce any sound . This was because the sound peg was lose and freely moving around inside the body . After buying a hemostat at a local hardware store I was able to re-position the sound peg . The sound quality improved slightly after doing this although the violin does not stay in tune . I highly recommend buying this violin as a prop or if you will be preforming primarily for the deaf .
 Very disappointed seeing what came in the mail after a week of waiting for it to get to my home . The violin came fully assembled but was missing a string that must have broken while in the mail . The rosin crumbled in my hands upon attempting to use it on the bow . Finally , the money I paid for to get the violin and accessories did not even include a digital tuner as wit was advertised with . I will be returning this product immediately and renting from my local store , who I know to be at least reliable . Ca n't wait to get my money back to invest elsewhere !
 Cheaply made , but what can I expect for what I paid for it . Pay more and get better quality that you need to play violin .
 This item does not work I repeat DO NOT BUY the bow doesnt work the tuners are not fine at all its a waste of time and money DO NOT BUY !
 I knew the violin had a string missing , and something was rattling around inside it . When I took it to the music store to have a new set of strings installed I was told that it needed repairs which would come to $ 80 or $ 85 . More than I paid for it ! I will be returning the violin as soon as I can , as it will not be playable without additional money spent ; if I spend that much I will get a new violin for my grandson . VERY disappointed !
 I bought it for my kids music class . This violin could n't be tuned . The bridge wo n't stay in place . Ripoff !
 First , let me explain where I 'm coming from.I had a 2006 Epiphone Les Paul that I liked , but it sounded a little muddy . I decided to switch out the pickups for Seymour Duncans - boom ! Magic ! I think switched out the wire - boom ! More magic ! Then , I decided I wanted a vibrato -LRB- aka tremolo -RRB- system on my guitar , so I got the Stetsbar bridge and was happy ; it even held tune okay . However , I decided I wanted to get tuners that would REALLY hold it in tune , and I was intrigued by the Planet Waves Auto Trim locking tuners . Big mistake.I know that no hardware is going to be absolutely , 100 % perfect , so bear in mind that I 'm comparing these tuners to the stock Grover tuners my Epiphone came with.Two main problems with the Planet Waves tuners : # 1 . Strings are breaking all the time ! I never had this problem before , even when I installed the whammy system . I 'm finding myself going through a different high E string every day - and I play in flat tuning , so it should be reduced string tension . The B string is also a common casualty . # 2 . These tuners ca n't hold tune . The problem is most noticeable on low E , but is also an issue everywhere else . If I start a song perfectly in tune after using a chromatic tuner , I find three minutes later that power chords sound awful because low E is flat . I 've tried tightening the gears - I 've even used a wrench - but there 's nothing I can do to prevent slipping.I get the impression that these tuners were designed specifically for standard and heavy strings . I like light strings , though , and it looks like these tuners simply ca n't handles 8s and 9s the way they should.Again , I know all tuners will eventually slip a little and you need to retune from time to time . With the stock Grover tuners that my Epiphone came with , though , I was only having to tune my guitar once or twice a week . After two months , I just gave up and replaced the Planet Waves tuners with the old Grover ones .
 The horizontal arm swivel connection is a complete desaster . There is no way to ever make it really fixed , however strong I make the wing bolt . With the weight of the mic , the arm always starts to slowly falling down . I even tried to improve it by using special rings between the axis screws , no luck so far .
 so , i got these sticks with the the 5b sticks , and decided i liked these sticks better than the others because they are a little bit smaller around than the others . when i had been playing about 45 minutes , my hands felt really warm , and they were red , which had n't happened with sticks that did n't have the rubber grip at the bottom . after about an 1 1/2 , i did a really fast and hard song with 16th notes on the high hat , and it rubbed a bunch of skin off and burned really bad . if you want sticks that will rub your hands raw , go ahead and get these . if not , look for another brand .
 These sticks look pretty cool and that 's about all they have going for them . . The grip part is no easier for me to hold than normal wooden sticks . More importantly , I broke one of the sticks after about a month of normal usage . I normally only buy Vater Los Angeles 5a 's and I 've had pairs of those last me 2 years before breaking , but decided to give these Zildjians a try . . I 'll never make that mistake again . .
 Be ambivalent of the fact that these drumsticks are not only `` nylon dipped but nylon tipped '' as well . Now I have been beating the absolute @ # % & $ !? out of the drums for about 14 yrs . and have used a numerous variety of leading name brand nylon tipped sticks , such as
 The grips form blisters with regular use . Also , after 5 or 6 hours of jamming with the band , the stick I use to crash cymbals is already cracking . The bright side is . They are great feel . Very light and give the drums definition . I would only recommend these if you are n't on a budget . But if you 're sponsored by sold Ian and get as many as you like . They 're the best .
 -LRB- Word to the wise -RRB- I bought this DVD package expecting great things but , was HIGHLY disappointed !!! I would DEFINITELY NOT recommend this video to anyone wanting to learn about what goes on in the recording studio . as it is a complete rip off !!! at best , It could be regarded as a vague overview of recording . but even THAT ... is stretching it !!!
 I went through two of these before giving up . Both had noisy pots and I found the effect more trouble than it was worth.This is a very old and broadly-misunderstood effect that still stirs much controversy . I think it still may be of limited utility in certain studio mastering functions -- where it is best applied as a VST -- but it has little place with personal stage gear . It is generally reviled among more experienced musicians and especially by FOH sound techs , who find the effect disruptive to the house mix when used on individual instruments.In converting the chip to work on 9VDC , numerous compromises were made compared to the 120VAC rack units . According to BBE , the unit has less headroom than even the cheapest rack version , now discontinued.Pass on this .
 I was expecting more , because I really like BBE products , but this one is a disappointment . Basically , when I used the low process knob , it did help my sound , slightly , but when I engaged the high contour , it added nothing but extra hiss . It might work for a bass player but for me ... no thanks.My rig telecaster > pw tuner > mxr super comp > bbe soul vibe > bbe green screamer > proco ydr > Boss AW-3 > combo with reverb
 THE GRIP IS NICE BUT USELESS WHEN STICK IS CRACKED.AFTER ONE WEEK WOOD SPLIT.MODERATE TO HEAVY DRUMMING . MY ADVICE STICK WITH VIC FIRTH
 These were a Christmas present for my 16yr old son who has recently started playing the drums . Unfortunately one of them split after only a short while of using them . He had to buy another set from a local store to take to his lesson with him . Great looking sticks but rather fragile .
 These drumsticks look like a good pair of drumsticks when you bye them . On the drumsticks there are black grips for your hands so they do not slip off . The first day I used these the black grip came off . I am very dissoppointed . I do not recomended these drumsticks . When the black grip came off there was wood underneath the wood was still okay so now that is what I use . Again I STRONGLY DO NOT RECOMENED THIS ITEM .
 I bought these as a xmas gift for my father . The sticks were not in any type of plastic . There was a piece of cardboard holding them together . This was packaged with other items . A sticker from another item somehow got on the textured part of the drumstick . I am unable to get this off without scratching the stick . So just be aware when ordering .
 This instrument should be described as a `` cumbus mandolin '' . It has mandolin neck attached to a cumbus pot . The instrument I purchased could not be tuned . Unwilling to give up on it , I had the best luthier in my area carve a compensated mandolin bridge for it , dress the frets -LRB- which were rough and not level -RRB- , and adjust the neck . This work cost more than the instrument itself . The result
 They changed the length of the string by shortening them by a fraction of an inch and they barely fit on my nut . This last set actually routed out a groove out of my nut causing my string to buzz terribly while playing . I had to buy a new nut and change the scale of my strings after 6 years of no problems . and 3 different basses .
 They splinter and leave wood chips all over my set and my carpet . Not worth the mess they leave ... Do n't buy 'em ! They 're garbage .
 It was supposed to be 7A ... and the package and receipt says that ... but 5A was delivered . Now they are just going to be used as practice sticks .
 These instruments have nothing whatsoever with an original Aboriginal didgeridoo . They are mass-produced in Indonesia and as mentioned are made from a notorius cracker Bamboo . An aboriginal didgeridoo is mostly from termite eaten log - brach of a tree -LRB- eucaliptus -RRB- which Aboriginal crafstman works into an instrument.I strongly advise against such terrible instruments and encourage those interested to go find an authentic stick for their own satisfaction as well as the respect for the true owner of this wonderful instrument . Avoid mass produced sticks . Respect Aboriginal men .
 Unfortunately for the price there 's nothing else in a similar category , so my only real recommendation is to spend more on something that 's not a Pyle . The first unit arrived and seemed to work , but would n't turn off no matter what position the switch was in . This wasted power and made the `` portable '' nature of it moot since you could n't pre-charge the batteries and transport it anywhere -- they 'd start draining as soon as you unplugged it.The second arrived and looked ok , but when I took the handle to remove it from the box the lid came off with it , followed by the sides falling in like a cartoon house collapsing . The construction and general cheap feel of the components I was able to see made me all too happy to return it as well.Stay away . These are poorly made and if you 're `` lucky '' enough to get a working one it ca n't possibly last ...
 I received this and immediately found that the wireless mic section had very low output , not much above speaking volume and thus useless . I plugged in a mic to test the wired section which worked okay , not super-loud but sufficient for my purposes . I thought maybe it needed a charge but found that , when plugged in , the LED charging light never came on . I called Pyle in Brooklyn and they said I could return it at my cost and they 'd take a look . I then contacted Amazon and was pleased to see that they would pay for its return and send me a replacement . But when I got ready to re-pack it I found that the mic cord I 'd plugged in could not be removed from the jack -- somehow locked in ! I call Pyle and they were of no help at all , so I 'm now sending back this unit -LRB- with my mic cord still plugged into it -RRB- for a REFUND . I sure hope someone at Amazon returns my mic cord as I requested ...
 I have tried lot of different PA systems from Pyle-Pro ... I do n't know how a company can make such useless products . None of them work as expected.The wireless mic is useless . literally the mic should be in your mouth to speak.I even tried with wired mic but still the sound comes out of this unit is very ugly.If you speak through it and record it , I am 100 % sure you wo n't be able to recognized your own voice.Don ' t waste your time and money .
 I have gone through two of these units . First would not work straight out of the box , sent it back and they replaced it easily . Cant beat Amazon customer service , but this product is not a good one . The second one has been in use for 4 months and it just went kaput this morning . I used it twice daily for meetings in a very loud factory . They just wont hold up . Go with a name brand , you will be happier .
 These mallets handles are made from plastic and the weighting of them is very awkward . They are sold as cymbal mallets but the beater head is too hard for a nice soft starting cymbal roll . I returned them .
 I admit I do n't know Uillean pipes very well , but seeing as I am familiar with the other bagpipey stuff coming from Pakistan , I would shy away from this as well . Generally , Uillean pipes are made as beginner sets , half sets , and full sets . The price for this full set is about what I ' e seen as prices for a good half set . Here is a price list from a highly reputable US maker : Blackwood Full Set ... $ 5300Blackwood Half Set ... $ 2968Blackwood Practice Set ... $ 1479Rosewood Full set ... $ 5067Rosewood Half Set ... $ 2879Rosewood Practice Set ... $ 1430Figure it out for yourself .
 Ok , ok . So they just hold microphones above my drums so I can go on making my little songs . But wait , you see , the last year of my life has been a never-ending spree of breaking these little pieces of crap.I made the sorry mistake of buying two 3-piece sets . I 've gone through 6 of these . Every last one broke . You know , doing simple things , like , attaching it to the drum or attaching a microphone to the clip . If you like to start recording a drum track and get rudely interrupted because your SM57 is now dangling by your feet , then please go right ahead and buy these abysmal pieces of crap . I just recently broke the last one trying to carefully remove it from my snare drum.Please , if you record drums and are in the market for a drum mic clip , spend the extra money and buy the Shure A56D . The A56D 's are rugged , sturdy , and very adjustable . Buy the Samson 's if you want to add more crap to your local landfill .
 I purchased this product to mount my Shure Sm57 to my snare drum and it failed to even hold the microphone up . The second I let go of the mic it slowly sagged until it hit the head of my snare . As for the clip part , it seemed to be entirely too small to even clamp to my drum 's hoop . Overall this item was cheap and flimsy fail oils not even hold my mic .
 Be careful with these mic clips the plastic is incredible brittle!One other note , the mic clips do not detach so you 're stuck with the Samson mic clips . You ca n't use smaller/larger mics with these clips ... still , not a bad option for a '57 on the snare size .
 I did n't like how this tambourine sounded . The tambourine seems well designed except for the most important part
 The skin is too loose and does not have a good sound . I returned it and it got damaged in transit and I wound up paying for it anyway . I am now looking for a tunable zarb from Iran . Generally you have to know private dealers who go over there and bring over small quantities . But those are the good ones . It was easy to deal with customer service , though . They were very responsive .
 I am sorry , but I have to differ from the other reviewers on this one . In the mid-eighties , Voyetra made one of the very first midi sequencing programs . It was called `` Sequencer Gold '' , it ran on DOS , and I started off with it . Voyetra was ahead of the pack in those early days.Since then , Voyetra took over an excellent soundcard manufacturer -LRB- Multisound -RRB- and changed their product line from pro-audio to consumer-level gaming soundcards . Voyetra also brought out Digital Orchestrator . This program is plain mediocre in my point of view - and not very stable . Furthermore , support is not very good.I much prefer Cakewalk . With Cakewalk you can `` paint '' in modulation , velocity changes , etc - a task which will take a long time in Digital Orchestrator . There are of course the big guns as well - programs like Cubase and Logic Audio . Because I am mainly into Digital Audio , these are overkill for me.If you are on a Windows PC and have medium level needs for MIDI , yet something reasonably sophisticated and with time-saving functions , I recommend you stick with Cakewalk . If you are a technology-challenged beginner with lots of patience and a small budget , then maybe buy Digital Orchestrator .
 Bought two of these for my home office . The cost of electricity just when up 38 % per kilowatt hour by me . First strip is in an equipment rack controlling network gear like DSL modem , firewall , Enet switches , KVM switch , monitor , speakers . It 's worked fine.The second strip is in my office controlling the desk top PC , 3 printers with print servers , various USB hubs , speakers , monitor and such . A problem has come up when using it with the desk top PC . Using the power strip switch to turn on the PC causes the individual switch to fry . And it 's stuck in the ON position with the light illuminated , not a failsafe design.Happened to two positions on the power strip . Measured the peak and steady state watt draw of the PC , I 'm and engineer and have such instruments , and it 's way within the power strip specs . Using a different power strip with a switch on the PC has never been a problem , that 's what I used before . Removed the laser printer from the power strip just in case.I 'll replace the power strip switches rather than RMA the entire power strip . Internally the wiring and outlets can handle the advertised load but the switches can not .
 I purchased two of these to help organize the wiring of my large salt water aquarium . After about a month one of the units literally caught on fire and burned up one of the switches . I contacted the manufacturer and they admitted that they had sold and not recalled a bunch of these units that had the switches not wired through the fuse . They offered to exchange for another unit , but wanted me to pay shipping after they had caught on fire ! Who knows if I had exchanged them if they would n't be defective too . I threw both of these expensive mistakes in the garbage and promptly bought name brand units and have zero issues since .
 I have one of these that is a little older and after two of the outlets stopped working decided to crack it open .1 . These are not expensive switches or outlets . The blades inside the outlets can come loose . I have never had a switch stay on before so I 'm not sure why that happens to others .2 . The connections inside are made with blade style connectors . I have had the female portion come loose on most of these connections and can simply slip them off of the male sides . I used a pair of pliers and very light pressure on the curls of the female part to give more hold and this solved the problem for all but one outlet -LRB- blade wo n't stay in -RRB- . I have not put this back in my DJ rack as I just do n't trust it anymore -LRB- not for $ 3000 + of equipment -RRB- . I am looking for a better built switched power distribution unit . Until then I will have to reach behind every component and turn it on separately.Also I got shorted on the power cord . Literally . It is only 3 ft instead of 6 ft. Never could figure out why .
 We did plug some heavier loads in -LRB- ~ 10A -RRB- on one switch but it sparked and smoked after a day . Now two switches do n't work . Maybe OK for light loads .
 I only bought this because it was cheap . My buddy bought one as well and the first time he used it , half of the switches stopped working 10 minutes into use . I thought i would have better luck . Mine lasted 20 minutes before 3 of the 8 switches have stopped working . They are cheap and guaranteed WILL BREAK .
 Received the power strip in excellent external condition . Quickly put the strip to use and found that two of the switches did not work correctly . Upon further use one of the switches started functioning properly and the other is still not working . Hopefully it too will start working . I purchased the strip for use on my aquarium for the various pumps , lights and heaters and it makes maintaining the aquarium much easier and faster . I really like the functionality of the device but am not impressed with the quality control .
 I received this on May 15 , 2011 . I use it to power my home audio equipment . The second switch just broke , and it does n't get very hard use . I 'm going to spend a little more next time , and hopefully be able to rely on it .
 This item is a total piece of crap . The switches -LRB- which power on the ac plugs on the back -RRB- fail extremely quickly . The first failed within a week . The second within a month and then others have failed subsequently over the past 10 months . All this unit is supposed to do is turn power on and off like light switches . Monumental Fail . Also , attempting to have it repaired or replaced has proven impossible . DO NOT PURCHASE THIS ITEM , IT WILL FAIL . -LRB- since my purchase I 've learned of SIX other units by this company that have done the exact same thing -RRB- TOTAL CRAP GEAR , NOT WORTH A DIME .
 I bought this , set it up with my system and it worked the first time I turned it on . The problem came when I went to turn it off , the channel 1 on it is stuck on . I plan on writing to American DJ about this and hopefully I receive a replacement free of charge ! I will post back as a comment when they get back to me .
 Two of my 8 switches no longer work . Will let you know if I lose anymore . A real shame -- would be excellent in computer room .
 I purchased this item because I live in a country that has 220V power . I receive it , ask their staff how to set it up for 220V operation and am told that the specifications are `` incorrect '' . Oh , and they apologized for any `` inconvenience '' . So , if you are thinking about buying this because it says it is rated for 220V , DO N'T . It 's a lie .
 We bought a bunch of these for racking 100 's of set-top boxes . About 50 % of the switches had a non-functional switch right out of the box . Have not had any problems with Eliminator E 107 .
 I use this as a power strip for a server rack . I turn my devices on/off with it , most of which are always off or on so the use is minimal . One of the switches already failed and will not turn off . I have had the item for 4 months in a stationary setup in my office .
 I mounted this 1U strip in my road case to supply power to a multitude of hardware . The rocker switches are solid and illuminated when active . The unit supports up to a 20 amp load via a standard grounded 3 prong 120v plug . The spacing on the outlets is good for just about any wall wart you may need to put on it and each outlet is clearly labeled so you get the right one . I guess my only complaint is the length of the cord . It would have been really nice to have a 20 ' foot cord but considering the price I ca n't complain . EDIT - One of the rockers stopped working on the 3rd week of use . I will call the manufacturer for warranty replacement .
 I have purchased two of these units - years apart - and they both failed within days . The rocker switches will often NOT turn off the connected unit when switched to the `` OFF '' position , AND/OR the rocker switch itself remains lit even when switched to the `` OFF '' position . While I own many American DJ products , this one , while an excellent idea on paper , does not end up being a reliable unit in the real world .
 I received my unit and although the packing was good and there was no obvious damage to the box , one of the mounting brackets on the side of the unit was bent . I was able to bend it back into place rather easily , I guess this is a good thing but should metal bend so easily out of shape and back into it?The next problem I had was that the number 4 plug had to be `` jiggled '' to work . Just flipping the switch does not work , if I play with the switch or the plug in the back it will come on then go off repeatedly . After 30 seconds or so it will stay on , but it has also just turned of at times . I then have to play the jiggle game to get it working again.After a couple weeks the light on the number 6 switch began to flicker and a week later it is out completely . The switch itself works fine , but you ca n't tell it is on without actually walking up and looking or feeling which way the switch is flipped.I contacted American DJ customer service a week ago via their website and they got back to me quickly . I have to send the unit back to get a new one or have it repaired , but it is currently in use so I ca n't do this . I would have to order another one to replace the defective one . Then I would get another back and end up with an extra one . Do n't really need two so I will just live with my defective unit until I find a higher quality replacement .
 I 'm on my second PC 100A , and this one is so cheaply made I had to write a review . I have to smack the buttons with the butt of a screwdriver to get them to turn off . What happened to this product ? Somebody is saving money and screwing the consumer . I hope I can find a similar product by another company that is actually functional . BUY AT YOUR OWN RISK !!
 Got the guitar , but the store didnt send the Amp with it , so I am returning it . While I was checking for the amp , saw the guitar and notices how sharp the frets were . The jagged edges on the frets on the guitar neck are sure to cut a childs fingers . I am surprised someone is even allowed to sell that kind of stuff without looking at child safety first . I play the guitar and bass , and I cant picture anyone playing this instrument without cutting their fingers as the move their hands across the neck . Bad worksmanship on this . It did look cute for my son though . I 'd hate for his first guitar experience to be painful and discourage him from playing more .
 I got this for a 10 year old girl who is a beginner guitarist . The the guitar arrived here looking pretty nice with all pieces , this guitar is ALL looks . I tried strumming the guitar -LRB- without being tuned -RRB- and it made a terrible buzzing noise . It took us about 3 hours to tune it and once we got it even close to sounding right , it made the terrible buzzing noise still . The strings are extremely cheap . But the strings are NO match for the amp ! Without even strumming the amp screeched like crazy . Once we did strum it , you cant even here the guitar . Just the screeching noise . Are 10 year old child was very excited about this and is now very disappointed . Guitars at a toy store for 3-year olds have better quality . We are sending this back immediately and will ever buy anything from this company again ! DO N'T BUY THIS GUITAR !!!
 I used this cable with a Dell laptop and a Casio keyboard and had no problems at all -- runninng XP Pro . And with a Yamaha P140 and the same laptop running XP Pro- - no problems at all . But when using Vista Home Premium , there has been nothing but trouble on an ordinary Dell Dimension 9200 that came with Vista Home Premium . It 's all about Turtle Beach 's driver . The driver installs and sometimes works . When I come back to it , it does n't work . 2/28/08 I found what appeared to be a new driver -LRB- finally ! -RRB- on TB 's website . Same problem ! It 's still off and on functioning , forcing me to reinstall and reinstall . This would be bad enough without the message on TB 's website about Vista being only for people who INSIST on using the latest OS . I mean -- here 's SP1 and they 're still whining about having to do some driver work ?! And their `` support '' -LRB- which is only e-mail -RRB- wastes weeks of my time only to end up saying bluntly that they ca n't help . To a very picky piano nut , I find Native Instruments Akoustik Piano wonderful and it should be even better when it can work with more RAM in 64-bit -- reportedly by mid 2008 . But if Turtle Beach still ca n't make a 32-bit driver work reliably across Vista machines , it is necessary to look for somebody who is willing to do the work in 32-bit and will do so in 64-bit Vista without website insults and whining .
 I bought this lute thinking that I would get a bargain for a tight budget . I knew the instrument would n't be phenomenal , but I expected to at least start playing a lute . I was wrong.The instrument shipped completely unplayable . Even after replacing the awful strings and nylon frets with real gut ones , no music could be made . The pegs are almost unusable -LRB- I had to use PLIERS to turn some of them and other slipped no matter what -RRB- , the neck was uneven and without `` relief '' which caused string buzzing galore , and the ebony nut looked like it was cut with a hack saw , making precise tuning completely impossible . The soundboard , though of decent quality spruce , is incredibly thick -LRB- making a very dull sound -RRB- . Unless you have time and more money to burn and know what you are doing , this instrument is totally unsalvageable . I implore you
 These speaker stands are smaller than regular stands and will not hold a set of 15 inch yamaha speakers without wobbling . Would not buy again !
 I sent the unit back the day after I received it.Sensitivity and threshold were impossible to set . Crosstalk was horrible.My Yamaha DD-55 had WAY better pad sensitivity.I plan to spend more and get something playable . Currently looking at the Roland Octapad .
 I had to buy a guitar for my little student.I have a Luna Ukulele and loved it so I gave a try for this mini guitar.However , This was like the worst buy ever from amazon.The box had a big hole as if it was poked during delivery.And the product itself was dirty as if it was either used or been in a storage for way too long time.There were also black stains on tunning knobs and the paint finish on the guitar was just awful.It does produce sound for the price , though.I will show it to the student anyway and return it if her face says `` no '' . So , for kids under nine , this might work since they would n't really care much about paint job.I loved you once , Luna but not anymore : -LRB-
 i purchased this guitar for my daughter and I knew that this was n't going to be the best quality , but it was awful . The product was cheaply made and it made a buzzing noise because the strings hit the frets , so my daughter wouldnt have been able to play anything that would actually sound good . Then to top it all off I had to pay to return the product . I wouldnt recommend this product and I wouldnt order it through Musicians Friend either , you shouldnt have to pay to return horribly misleading reviewed products .
 beautiful to look at but finish was chalky . really wanted this for xmas gift . bought lead test kit from home depot bc i could n't find where it was made anywhere on guitar or box and was worried . 1st day result looked fine . later saw test sticks had changed color to kind of a brownish orange hue and red means lead and a slow result can be indicative of a different kind of lead than you see in the initial result . may be nothing , but i was n't taking any chances . called luna to advise them of possible quality issue and returned guitar to seller .
 This capo looks amazing , but it does not hold well . You can not get the pressure of a Shubb or other similar capos . Consequently the sound it produces is not as clean . As has been said , this also contributes to other problems . The guitar does not stay in tune while using this capo and bending strings , or during hard strumming . It is also more expensive . I would send it back if it were worth my time . I would not recommend this capo or buy it again .
 First , this is a REALLY nicely built capo . Well-machined . Not cheap . Sexy curves and the joint is a thing of beauty . I 've owned a couple for several years , but have now felt inclined to write this review.However , there are a couple of issues : # 1 it is HEAVY -- REALLY heavy ... heavy enough to throw off the balance of your instrument if you 're used to a specific one pay attention to these things . I 've never had a capo that I had to worry about damaging my guitar , but this one is SO heavy that it can do serious damage if you drop it or scrape it against your guitar . It 's a BIT slippery due to the `` curves '' , so you WILL drop it sooner or later . # 2 it has a SMALL jaw size . There are lots of instruments I have -LRB- Martin acoustics and some big necked electrics -RRB- that I own that this thing just wo n't fit . I wish the company would issue `` V. 2 '' and widen the spacing to fit EVERYTHING , because this one is a deal killer for me , even though I 've bought 2 of these capos over the years . I would also love for it to be MUCH lighter . I would like to have more angles to better grip the capo as well.There should be WARNINGS about the necks this thing will fit , or better yet , remake the thing so it DOES fit everything ... Right now , I just can not whole-heartedly recommend this capo . It makes a GREAT first impression ; however , over time , the faults start showing up . BEWARE .
 If I could 've given this capo 0 stars I would 've . It 's great that it works for everyone else here , but it does n't work for me.I have an Ovation Acoustic/Electric guitar and there is no way I can position the capo on the neck so that all of the strings are dampened . The capo is completely worthless to me because of this and it 's very frustrating . I 've used several other brands of capos that have at least dampened all of the strings , even if they were n't easy to maneuver . This one is easy to maneuver but it does n't dampen all of the strings .
 I saw this earlier , and was n't sure I wanted to spend this much for a capo , so I went down to the Guitar Center and tried one out . I spent about 20 minutes playing with it and ultimately decided not to buy.Why ? It is not easy to move on the fly . If you want to set it and forget it , it works fine , but if you want to move from the third fret to the fifth fret , the capo is clumsy at best . -- How does it work?Simple . Position the capo on the desired fret and squeeze . The hinge is geared , and will hold itself closed until you press the little thumb tab , which releases the gear , and easily opens the capo to full width.The problem?While the thumb tab works well to release the capo , it is awkward to do this while holding the capo . That makes it a three step process to adjust . First , press the thumb tab to release the capo . Second , grab the loose capo such that you can re-squeeze it . Third , reposition it and squeeze.The capo functions well , but it is much easier to reposition one like the Dunlop Trigger Curved Guitar Capo , Black or theKyser KG3B Short Cut Guitar Capo , Black ---------- Pros : * Holds the strings tightly * Set it and forget it - it wo n't move even if you bump it * Good cushions , especially on the side - it wo n't hurt the finish on your guitarNeutral : * The height of this one made it hard to hit the new `` first '' fret sometimes , but I think I would have adjusted to it with more time.Cons : * Small thumb trigger * Awkward to hold * Takes too long to re-position --------- Final Thoughts : I passed on this one because I use my guitar to play `` sing-along '' songs with small groups , and I like to be able to try two or three different keys quickly and on the fly . I tried this one for 20 minutes to see if I could get used to it , but felt that it would be too time consuming.If you will be performing and wo n't need to change the fret from song to song , then this could be a great buy .
 if your time is worth that much , i guess its an okay idea to buy this filter for t-hirty bigguns , but just so all of you know , who may want to conserve their money , this is in its essence only two pieces of panty hose stretched in a circle , with about a half inch inbetween the two . oh yeah , and a twisty adjustable neck . it could be home made for pennies on the dollar . as for me , i have never seen a pop-filter before , so now i know , after i bought it , that this is not some fancy audio device . but can be made with panty hose and coat hangers , or a thin pair of socks . i know many of you probably dont want that look in your home or studio , so the review for this is , its great , finished black , cheap plastic , and nice metal bendy hose . all very heavy . i still havent figured out how to connect it to my mic stand -LRB- samson G usb mic -RRB- but that will come in time . im sure the p-pop filter works . cheers ! ~ ~ so finally i got it together after i forced the threads to open up on the swivel arm , by forcibly turning the little flower bolt through - so now it is-bottom to top - flower , arm , hose base - is how it fits together . this was hard to put together , no directions , took almost a half hour of concerted attention , which is not what you would expect from seemingly a simple thing . the bendy arm would n't stay in place for my desk mic , so now it is a large loop , and it now takes up much more space . it might make sense for a floor stand . but really , there are multiple sites on how to make a pop filter for less than 5 usd if you just google it . would make a fun project too . you know how we like to make things ~ ~ peace !
 I read reviews . Listened to sound samples and decided to try this unit . I wanted to record live un-amped acoustic guitar and harmonica . It does a decent job as far as dynamics , especially with an external condenser mic , I use the Audio Technica AT822 - Stereo Microphone which you can buy for about $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . I gave this only 2 stars because of the background noise which is hissing . You may not notice it on loud rock music . But whenever you come to a quite part or silent part of the recording the hiss is quite loud , defiantly noticeable , and to me it ruins the recording music wise . I tried the internal mic , and 3 externals all have the same hiss . You can turn the mic gain to low , but this just lowers the volume , and when played back and you turn volume up to a normal level the hiss is still there . I guess for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- + you ca n't expect top quality pre-amp . But the company advertises this thing as recording `` Crystal clear '' . My Sony Camcorder has better quality sound or at least no hiss . Also the sliding hinged battery door is awkward to open , and does not seem very sturdy.Note that I recorded at the highest quality setting in WAV format in a perfectly quite room.On the plus side , it is very small and easy to use . Great display and interface . OK for voice memos or meetings . Good for getting down quick song ideas . But if you want quality music without hiss you will have to pay more for a better product . I 'm looking at the Marantz PMD 660 , with upgraded pre-amp . -LSB- ... -RSB- . Good Luck , Jack
 I bought this product only a week ago . I was impressed with it 's high quality recording capabilities , but not its craftsmanship . I had the Edirol R-09 in a protective case and dropped it barely 2 feet from the ground . As I examined the product , the side had completely busted open . The `` on '' button was moved and the rubber had completely separated . As I tried to repair it , more and more plastic pieces started coming off . I was so disappointed how poorly this product was constructed . If you choose to buy this product buy a heavy duty case immediately or just beware that it 's not durable .
 I 'll be brief . I was excited to get this recorder after reading many great reviews.But , after using it for the first time , all my recordings had a horrible static through the headphone playback . -LRB- There are no onboard speakers ; a fact I had overlooked when I bought it . -RRB- I called Edirol and they told me I had to update to the new version of firmware . They seemed reluctant to help me until I did that which I suppose is understandable.After updating the firmware , the problem persisted . When I called back , the customer service staff was noticeably apathetic and simply told me that I 'd have to send it in for repair.Repair ? It 's brand new ! I requested a refund from Amazon and sent it back . I 'd bought the recorder to do some interviews while in Rome Italy and had no time to buy a replacement or to do anything beyond send it in for a refund.I might try it again . But the apathetic attitude of Edirol 's customer service staff makes me cringe a bit everytime I think about spending money with them again.Tony
 I read so many rave and stellar reviews about the Edirol R-09 that I had to have it . Our recording needs are for my daughter who takes voice lessons and sees a vocal coach once a month or more when going out on auditions.We got the recorder and immediately skimmed the book to see if we had to do anything special before using it . It looked simple enough . I took out the 64 sd card and replaced it with a 2GB -LRB- which it said the machine could easily handle -RRB- . We went off to a 90 minute audition prep and pressed the record button , and it said standby . Pressed it again , and it began recording . The numbers were increasing and by the end of the lesson it indicated a 91 minute recording . We got home to play it back , and nearly passed out . It had recorded only 5:55 in a . wav file . Both my daughter and I could n't figure out what went wrong . So we chalked it up to perhaps OUR error even though my daughter is tech savvy and I worked in the computer field for 18 years.We tested it before returning for a 2nd audition prep by putting it in front of our stereo . We turned on a radio station , and set it to record . After 32 minutes , we stopped it and played it back . Another downside to the edirol , is that only one person can listen to the playback at a time by earphones . If you want others critiquing your performance , you must first import the file over to the computer , where it will show up , at least in our case , in the itunes library . Can be very frustrating especially on the road ! So this is a major turnoff for us . The sound quality is great however.Okay , so we played back the radio recording and it was fine . It captured the 32 minutes . Off we went to the coach , and pressed record twice and watched it record for 60 minutes . Lo and behold , we went to play it back while we were there , and voila ! NOTHING ! We saw it record , and playback was a bust . Another hour of voice wasted.Got home , recorded 14 minutes of singing , oh , and by the way , each lesson we went to had brand new Duracell batteries in it so we would n't run out . Both times by the end of the lesson , the batteries were down low so it uses a lot of battery for 1-1 .5 hour lessons.Here 's a hint that we did n't know about until calling the Edirol people who have to be the nastiest in the business ! When I called , I got a guy whose attitude was `` well , why are you calling me with these problems ? I do n't know what YOU did wrong and I do n't know what it could be because our units work fine '' . Whoa ! I explained the situation and he had no solution . He saw I did n't lose my cool , and I asked to speak to someone WHO WOULD KNOW how to help me . He would n't put anyone else on and decided to try some things . I spoke about this last 14 minutes we recorded , and that right after that the battery low light came on , and we opened the bottom -LRB- which is tricky to do because it feels like it is going to break so be careful -RRB- , and took the old -LRB- which only recorded a 1 hour lesson -RRB- batteries out , and put the new ones in . And the 14 minutes were gone ! So he told me that you can never take the batteries out while you are recording or you will lose what you recorded . I did n't have time to look that up in the book , but I have to trust what he said . So you MUST power the machine off so you wo n't lose your recording.I think a simple `` save recording '' button would put my mind at ease . It 's like typing a word document ... save it every paragraph or two so you wo n't lose the document if the power goes down . Since there is no save button on the edirol , it absolutely makes me nuts that after both 90 and 60 minutes lessons , we had nothing to show -LRB- well after the 90 minute session , 5:55 was saved -RRB- . I still do n't know why it wo n't save the recordings that are long especially that I have a 2GB card in it.The rep did take me through some settings menu , that I could n't replicate if I tried , since he went so fast , and he asked me what this and that setting was on -LRB- they were on the settings that the factory installed as I had n't touched anything -RRB- . He then told me to change something to mp3 and then said try that and see if it works . Now , that is not my idea of customer service . And there is nothing , at least that I could find , that would indicate i would have to go through a lot of menus to tape a long recording session.We have n't gone back for a voice lesson yet to see if being on mp3 is going to help . I am sending it back to the place I bought it in and they are happy to take it back - more than I can say about Edirol . Horrible company to deal with ... just my opinion.The machine to us was a major disappointment .
 I bought this R-09R was waisted . The dual microphone built in were not working well . they were not pick up any sound unless you speak close to them 3-4 inches away ... only one thing I like this was recording and create mp3 file without any conversion software . It was eat up the bettery power badly , unless u use electric power . . too expensive to compare with others recording , it was not recording and pick up the sound as they advertising .
 This product hangs on your neck . The guitar is not balanced . It is unstable . This is a literal piece of junk .
 Nice idea but not practical.The problem with this strap is that when you use it your arm has to hold the guitar against your chest or the guitar will fall foward.In order for you to play guitar your arm has to be free floating and this strap does n't allow this.Also the strap goes around your neck as opposed to around your shoulder which is not a good thing , being that the weight of the guitar is around your neck .
 This bass was the biggest piece of crap two of the same strings came on it so they just threw the other one in the box tuning pegs did n't work cheap plastic had to order new ones one of the pick up did n't work had to glue it shipped in a very unsafe box would not buy again would not buy if I were you this is not even child worthy to learn on can get a used bass at guitar for cheaper that 's better quality
 Entrust this bass guitar for my brother , who wants to learn to play bass , but when tested , failed the fourth string , then I had to return it.Besides the poor quality of the product.Encargue este bajo electrico para mi hermano , que quiere aprender a tocar el bajo , pero al probarlo , fallaba la cuarta cuerda , entonces tube que regresarlo .
 So , like everyone who purchases this bass , I just wanted a cheap one for fun.That being said , the first one that I got literally sliced my hand up . I only noticed when there was blood all over the strings . The frets were left untrimmed and sticking out of the bottom of the neck . As I played the bass , they sliced up my hands like razor blades.So , I contacted Austin Bazaar and they sent me a new one , which is fine.Like the other reviews say , this is a cheap bass , and certainly not professional , but it works.Just make sure to check your frets when you receive yours so you do n't cut up your hands ...
 You can buy quite a few nice beginner , or pro closeouts for $ 100.00 This bass , is not one.This instrument had the pups fall out , volume knob wedged tight so as not to turn , screws forced into , the pickguard , diagonally , razor frets , more buzzing than a honey farm , muddy sound , tons of black overspray on 9 zebra stripes , rusty strings , out of tune by the second song , could not hold a tune in a barrell.True JunkChinese Junk -LRB- boatload of headaches -RRB- Radically Smokin ' wall hanging , thoughIf you purchase this , You will needSeriousProfessionalTreatmentBad guitarBOOHISSTerrible
 the guitar is not very good quality , the strap bolt on the top of the guitar broke after only a few months of use . the bag ripped at the seam as well . you would be better off buying used at a pawn shop
 According to the packaging this gooseneck is supposed to hold one pound , the problem is that most microphones weigh two to three or more pounds -LRB- something I wish I measured before I purchased this -RRB- . I seriously wonder what the designers were thinking when they designed this.Also , the end that the mic clip is supposed to attach to seems awkwardly sized and only one of my four clips screwed on successfully . It also seems as though the threading is not going to last and is going to strip rather quickly.I would think about spending a bit more on a higher quality brand before throwing away your money on this product .
 This gooseneck is pretty flimsy . I ended up filling it with epoxy in the shape that I wanted it . Now it will hold anything.It gets the job done though and the price was right .
 Wanted to use it hold my Zoom h2 , which weighs less than 6 oz with batteries . Will only work if it 's vertical . Supposed to hold 2 pounds . It wo n't .
 I purchased 2 of these items to use with my band for the guitarists . I was disapointed when I mounted a Shure sm 58 mic on it and found that the goose neck would not stay erect . These are made far too loose and flexible for most professional mics . They may work on very small and light weight units but for my needs they are totally unuseable . It would have been helpful to include the suggested weight that this goose neck would support in the sales description . I wasted my money . Do n't waste yours . Perhaps viagra would be helpful ; - -RRB-
 This gooseneck , after having been flexed a mere handful of times , began to break
 This product is terrible . It can not hold the weight of any microphone over 1 lb , and I would question that , based on your angle of use . It is terribly made with flimsy construction and I do not recommend its purchase . Look for a more sturdy built construction gooseneck mic holder . They are out there , it 's just not this one . Fortunately Amazon was great about their return policy , which I appreciate . Thank you Amazon for at least having a positive return experience .
 These look identical to many I see on Ebay and elsewhere . I picked up a couple real cheap -LRB- elsewhere -RRB- , one natural blonde and the other black.I bought them for house decoration with no illusion about getting any good sounds out of them . For house decoration purpose , they are fine . From a distance they look quite nice on a living room wall.Tuning them up was problematic . You must move the small wooden bridge to get the scale to match up to the fret markings . I found that about equadistant from the bottom of the soundhole to the bottom of the guitar was about right.As happens with many new stringed instruments , strings are not likely to stay tuned in the first hour or two after tuning . You might as well just get close and wait a couple of hours before any more fine tuning . After the wait , the guitars both stayed in tune fairly well.The lacquer was slightly sloppy on the black one I bought and very sloppy on the natural one . After getting everything tuned reasonably well , I found the black one made some partially good sound . The natural one was just audibly hopeless.Because of the low quality build you must play more precisely to get a good sound - maybe that 's a good thing for casual practicing . These cheap guitars are a little louder than I expected and on the black one I could close-mike it about 9 inches from the sound hole with a Shure SM57 and actually get some useful , recordable sounds . To my surprise , because there is no bass to speak of , you can get a bright , jangly and very present sound that may prove useful in some recording mixes -LRB- black one only . -RRB- Bottom line
 i play alto , flute , and oboe in band and i tried these reeds because i wanted the projection , but still crystal clear tone quality . they did project , but were difficult to get a good solid sound out of . they did help me play better in tune . but my peave is when my tone is n't perfect , and my least favorite is when the tone is fuzzy and airy . this is the type of tone that was produced with these reeds . sure they 'll last longer , but i have found it difficult to articulate . so if you want your sound to be clear , my opinion is to find other ones .
 While the mic fits securely well behind the ear and is quite comfortable , I 've had constant trouble with faulty wires . I 've worked my way through 4 of these now -LRB- at $ 280 a pop -RRB- in a matter of 12 months -LRB- at a church -RRB- . Yes , each is used at least once a week , but for $ 280/each I would hope that they would last past 12 months.I 'm now looking seriously at a Countryman E6 microphone . While more expensive , they have a snap-on cable if it goes bad for only $ 15 . Much better than buying new each time . Right ?
 I bought this drum and it was not at all , at all , at all , what was pictured . I recieved a very lightweight drum without the same bell shape and not at all what I would call a professional grade . THey told me all kinds of stories to increase the shipping charges . I would be real careful buying a drum from them if you want a specific drum . You will get what he decides to ship . First I ordered three and he said they got damaged yet never offered any tracking . Then he offered me to re-order them and charged me over 100.00 more to ship . NOT NICE ! Then as I said he did not even ship me the drum pictured . two thumbs down on this drum
 One long crack running top to bottom ... sounds good though . Kids like it . I would have been , very upset if i had expected store quality , but for the price i expected three n got two stars worth of djembe
 I ca n't believe I 'm saying this about a Piece of peavey equipment ! I had a bandit 112 as a teen and I loved it , I talked other people into to buying them also . Me and my buddy were in a band and we both had one and used them at the house to practice and write with . I remember it for its stunning reverb ! Now back to this waste of space messenger , why on earth would peavey make a PA with out reverb ???? Even if you do n't want reverb for seminars and stuff , come on man you have to have reverb on a PA !!! well I 'm very disappointed with Peavey for this and have decided to take my money to behringer as they make a messenger also ! , a little bigger and more powerful and they were kind enough to not only include reverb but a whole array of digital effects and less expensive too.So in a nut shell , Do n't buy a $ 400 peavey paperweight buy the Behringer Europort EPA150 Ultra-Compact 150-Watt 5-Channel Portable PA System
 Have owned this M100 now for 6 + years . Audio hook-ups and controls are first rate for the price . The speakers even sound good . The way this little setup matches up together for easy portability is a primary selling point , but ... Peavey picked the wrong plastic material for this application . Should have used ABS or polycarbonate shells for the components rather than -LRB- appears to be polyethelyne -RRB- . The plastic casing shows every mark ; if you place it on concrete , you get that pattern on the case since the plastic is so soft . If you drop the unit -LRB- even a foot off of the ground ` as I once did ' -RRB- then , the entire plastic case explodes into pieces . I 'm up to roughly 4 tubes of 5 minute epoxy just trying to keep this unit intact after several minor handling events . This is a portable unit and should be able to withstand a fall from more than one foot without coming apart . Look at the resell on eBay and you will understand why this unit will not last you very long .
 After reading all the amazing reviews for this product , I can not disagree more . I bought this for my wedding , and it turned out to be such a disappointment . The shipping was a nightmare , took over 3 weeks to ship . I got this system on the day of my wedding . We tried to set it up , everything turns on but the speakers came broken . During the chaos of the wedding , the venue threw out the box it came in and I was unable to return the system . Peavey and the company I bought it for were not helpful . I can not find anyone to repair it . Waste of money and time . Peavey will not help you either .
 The aerosol can will loose its proellant in a very short time . The company says this normal , but there is nothing on the can to suggest it . Buy the liquid if you need this stuff .
 Bought a KC 150 online to use with my 88 key Yamaha P-85 keyboard because I was n't happy with the quality of sound out of the two small internal speakers on the keyboard . Used them amp in a couple of small gigs and decided that the speakers in the keyboard did a better job than the amp . Sold the amp for half of what I paid for it and felt guilty about taking the money . It 's a very well made product with a good variety of inputs and controls . Just very disappointed in the quality of sound it produced . If you are considering this amp I would highly recommend you listen to it before you purchase it .
 Probably good fit for an adult , but something like this is usually more for a beginning student -LRB- typically children -RRB- . I had to spend a lot of time modifying this to fit my 7 year old student who had managed to break/lose 2 other more expensive shoulder rests . I will be going a different direction in the future . At least it did n't cost much to try .
 Read the fine print . This is not a set of rack ears . You will need 2 to mount your equipment . Also , this is much thinner than an OEM equivalent .
 After spending nearly an hour getting it to run I decided it was n't worth it and removed the software and hardware.Now my computer has no sound at all and I 've even reloaded the orignal drivers . I would recommend this product only to people you do n't like . I 've had viruses do less damage .
 Was n't expecting a peice of pro audio studio gear but thought it would at least work to some degree . Tried installing on three different computers . Nothing , the device will pass through the computer audio but wo n't input any of my instruments . The manuel is useles , cryptic and offers no trouble shooting tips , the software is n't any better . Have n't tried tech support yet but from what I read elsewhere they are very rude and unhelpfull . For $ 30 bucks I could have picked up a USB connector at Target .
 I tried so many times to get this stupid device to work that I got ballistic . I sent two requests for support to the companies website but never received a single response.This is one of the worst products I 've ever received , and I strongly suggest that anyone stear of this company for any products .
 can not get this thing to work at all . the instructions are useless . am I missing something here ? I 'm echoing the previous reviewer . I 'm not unfamiliar with computers and build my own . the website equally useless , I 'm afraid . rma , uninstall , there.Interesting , I had tried to plug this into a powered hub which shared several devices , including a Belkin UPS . Plugged this in and immediately the ups shut off the power . Upon restarting , now the PC can not recognize the ups -LRB- but all my other usb stuff OK -RRB- ... uninstall , reinstall , keep getting the dreaded `` unrecognized device '' for the ups-usb , which evidently means in my case that the ups ' usb interface is fried , evidently . I had tried to use this before and two different mobos showed stange behaviour with the usb interface ultimately requiring board replacement , and now I 'm beginning to think that maybe it was this device , as before I had plugged it into the case front usb , which plugs directly into the motherboard and near the south bridge .
 Pros
 I wonder now what I expected from this purchase . Its a small jar of sticky stuff . It reminds of the time I stuffed a bunch of Peppermint Pattys in my gig bag and they melted all over my picks . I do n't remember once saying to myself &#34; I have a much better grip on these picks now &#34; . Like that , this product just feels messy like I need to wash it off . If I have to play Pollyanna , I should mention it smells nice .
 I have been a full time professional for 30 yrs . + , i.e. contractor , musician , engineer . I have used Soundcraft mixers since 1981 . I always thought Soundcraft to be synonymous with high quality . So I purchased 3 of the gigrac 1000s mainly for my own use . The first one seemed to work pretty well for a while . The second one went with me to a foreign country where I paid high duties . It was DOA . I sold it for parts to re-capture some of my investment . Then , back in the states , I sent the third back to the country I reside in part time ... while using the original one for a while and it died . Sent it to Soundcraft , cost me 200 bucks to repair . Now , I 'm writing from this island I reside in and after 16 gigs , the third unit has started cutting in and out.I ca n't believe a company of Soundcraft 's stature would not recall all of these units . They must know good and well that this is cheap Chinese junk ! I have specified their consoles for numbers of installations in the past , but do n't plan on doing any business with Soundcraft ever again . I did not know they were in the business of making cheap toys !
 Agree with the review about it being hard to see in the dark , but I could have lived with that.However ... If you gig a lot , you know how important it is to have equipment which is basically bulletproof , your sound and reputation depends on it . Well , do n't expect to be able to trust this little bu ** er . I only had mine 3 months , used it about 6 times , then mid-gig it died on us . Totally . Completely ruined our night and the occupants and organizers of the charity event we were playing . Unfortunately I did n't have back up , but will make sure I do in future . It is now off to be repaired by soundcraft , but when I get it back I will be selling it -LRB- I hope no potential buyers are reading this !! -RRB- . I just could not trust it again . Shame really , because it seemed like a good unit .
 I bought mine used . Never seemed very loud for the stated power . It started powering down with greater frequency until it became unusable .
 Purchased this amp because it is rated 1000w . I was under the impression that this would be a good replacement of my 500Watts Behringer , however I 've learn from the hard way and realized it was a big waste of money . The 30 watts guitar amp is even louder than this . I kept it for a year because it sound decent on keyboard when I tested in my living room but when I use on the medium sized gig OMG ! it does distort and clipping . as soon as I got home I whacked and destroyed with baseball bat due to big frustration and dropped off next morning to local electronic recycle company ... Sorry I did put 1 star because there 's no `` 0 '' star option . very very disappointed with it , this is my first and last to own soundcraft .
 I have used PA amps to power my keyboard instead of a keyboard amp because they are much less money . My last one was a Behringer PNP2000 . It lasted 3 years before it just stopped delivering any sound . I bought GigRac after shopping alot . I bought it primarily for the `` suitcase style '' of carrying it -LRB- to protect the knobs -RRB- , as well as it 's power . But I am dissapointed in the output of this amp . I have to use it in bridge mode at 75 % main power using an 8 ohm speaker . If I use the channel setting above 1 o'clock position , it clips and distorts the sound.I have a hard time competing with guitar players using 75 watts amps and I 'm supposed to have 1000 ?
 I paid $ 400 new for my Prokeys 88 about 3 years ago . The LEDs did n't all work from the get-go . I bought it on recommendation from the dubious Paul Wiffen who used to write for the UK premier music tech mag Sound On Sound . Whilst his reviews are in-depth , I do n't trust his judgement . OK his review was written some years ago , but from memory he gave me the impressions that the sounds were amazing . Actually they are complete crap and I have NEVER used the on board sounds , always using it as a midi controller for my 5 octave Roland Fantom G.A few months ago the middle D note started hanging and the all-notes-off command from the Prokeys 88 did n't seem to function . I have trouble finding spares for it . I tried to fix it ... Took an enormous amount of time to take it apart and in removing the offending key , damaging the securing clip at the back was unavoidable . Now not only do I have a note that rings on frequently , but when I 'm playing the instrument hard the D note physically pops out.I also own a Yamaha P90 88 note weighted keyboard ... It is in Spain and I 'm in the USA which is why I 'm stuck with the crappy Prokeys 88 , which will be replaced as soon as I can afford to spend the money on a new keyboard . The Yamaha was also a budget controller , but the sounds were far superior and useable . It is more portable ... Sadly it is not made any more.Do yourself a favor and buy a Yamaha ... Spend the extra couple of hundred bucks and save yourself years of frustration being dissatisfied by this sub-standard piece of junk . The hammer action feels sticky when you start to play the instrument after it 's been away for a while . I 've heard this complaint from loads of fellow owners.If money was no object I 'd set fire to it and smash it up with a large hammer and put the video on youtube.M-Audio are good at midi interfaces etc , but this particular keyboard should not have been allowed onto the market . As for paying $ 599 for it ... . that 's way over the top . Now I would n't give $ 200 for it new . Also the power supply was a dud when I bought it . I have n't anything good to say about this keyboard other than the fact that it has 88 notes.Anyone who says that this is a good keyboard probably does n't know the first thing about keyboards . I 've been playing since I was 7 years old and am now 56 . I 've played in many bands at pro level and gig regularly.Do yourself a favour and look for something else.UPDATE ... I think my review was a little harsh on this keyboard . I still think the sounds are substandard - especially the organ sounds which suck big time , but it is a cheap keyboard after all ... You get what you pay for . The first one last about 3 years before developing a fault ... M-Audio do n't sell small parts ... you have to order a complete keybed . Price for that is reasonable -LRB- $ 70 -RRB- ... cost of shipping was not , but they mistakenly sent me a complete new keyboard which has worked fine for about 3 or 4 months . I 've now replaced it with a Kurzweil PC3K8 which I absolutely adore . So I 'm left with two Prokeys 88 keyboards ... Gon na have to sell them -LRB- or burn them . - lol -RRB-
 I own this piece of ... gmmm ... equipment for little over one year . I used it very carefully , never abused , never dusty and it has 3 -LRB- Three !!! -RRB- failed keys already ! I am not keyboardist -LRB- I do play guitar -RRB- and whatever I played was far from elaborate passages of Chopin or Saen-Saens ;-RRB- . The feel of the keys is VERY heavy . Playing a song of one minor , one major and one dominant chords is a WORKOUT . The keys bounce back unevenly , with poor return velocity so even 16th notes to be played like a drum with a horrible knocking sound.The action is SO high , and the back path is SO uneven it is impossible to play any meaningful arpeggio even on lightly moderate tempos.It was my first purchase in keyboards and I was naive hoping that relatively inexpensive keyboard will be useful in the same way as inexpensive guitar . IT IS A MISTAKE !!! This is a bad keyboard and it affects your ability and you DESIRE to play it . Do not buy this trash.Needles to say I 'm not happy to drop this review as it is my admission of wasted $ 500 that is good money . If you want my advise , do not buy keyboards from M-Audio as apparently they are not competent in that field . They buy parts and assemble them but they do not have even near understanding and experience as Roland , Edirol , Yamaha , Kaway or Korg . I have their Axiom 49 that they call `` best midi keyboard '' as well as they call this piano `` premium '' and it is useable but very low quality keyboard . I have M1 keyboard from Edirol , that is cheap $ 150 keyboard , none of m-audio 's is even near the awesome quality and solid feel and touch of Edirol ! It is entirely possible that these m-audio products are premium articles among chinese peasants , but these are substandard trash by Western Civilization scales.I am sorry that I have now to cash out more to buy a real thing . The resale value of it is zero.One more word about sound quality . The sound of this keyboard is marginal at best . It is empty , shallow , lacking of presence . I do not compare it to some lush expensive units or multi Gb software samples . I compare it to most basic sounds from Casio , entry level Roland or Yamaha . The sound has very annoying modulation artifacts that becomes VERY apparent on decay.If you are beginner , this piano will screw your techniques and defeat the inspirations.If you are an advanced player , the artificial sound and horrible keyboard will be revolting.If you are a musician who plays primarily another instrument but needs a MIDI keyboard that has some sounds for easier scatching it will let you down in all devisions.Sorry but it is very poorly designed , substandard , low quality , heavy as a hell piece of `` premium piano '' for third world . This trash does not fit here in US .
 RME-Fans -LRB- I 've also been one -RRB- will not believe what I 'm saying here . But it 's the truth.The FF is a really good interface , when it works ! Only the Preamps could be better . Especially for this price.And the Amp Simulation is extreme cheesy . But you do n't need that.An interessting thing is that the Fireface 400 has other , `` better '' Preamps . -LRB- more gain -RRB- BUTthe fireface 800 often stops working . in most of the cases after warranty -LRB- after about 4 years -RRB- . Especially the FW-Controller and the Power Supply brake . Sometimes the whole mainboard . And it 's not only one time . some people had to change their PSU 's 3 times in 4 years . Everytime costs of about 200 $ -LRB- for the PSU 's -RRB- and a lot of stress.Everyone thinks , the Support of RME and Synthax is good and nice . It 's only good and nice when you do n't have real problems with your interface . If you have to repair your Fireface there is no `` goodwill '' and fairness from RME and Synthax . Even if you have to send your interfac 3 times in 7 months to Synthax and spend 500 Euros.Here are some links from other users with troubles :[ ... -RSB- -LSB- ... -RSB- http://www.amazona.de/index.php?page=26&file;=2&article;_id=776[...][...][...]there are some more , but difficult to find.THINK TWICE BEFORE YOU BUY AN RME FIREFACE 800 or sell it before your warranty runs out .
 I hate these straps . I just bought a used Epi Custom with this strap and its a hunk of junk -LRB- strap -RRB- . It does what it is supposed to , however since its cotton/nylon material it is slightly abrasive and will scuff up the finish on the guitar -LRB- not real bad but enough around the locks from the edge of the strap -RRB- . The screw in locks are cheap looking -LRB- they do hold -RRB- . The strap is to thin for my taste and feels as though its cutting into my shoulder and back . Since this came with the guitar it was the first thing I wanted to replace -LRB- after the crappy strings -RRB- . I have used it on
 I found this at a local music store . The owner guy looked really dubious when I was interested in it . Of course , you 're not supposed to play these things in the store ; it 's not hygienic . You see , he knew I was a well-trained musician and I suppose he did n't want to directly tell me not to buy his stock , but but but . He knew . It is no good . It is not in tune . I had played harmonica for years and really wanted to try a tremolo one , besides this is nice and long with a complete bottom octave and looks like fun . I had always had Hohners from my first little Old Standby in childhood to my large Super Chromonica . Hohners are BUILT . Or so I thought.What I had missed is that they went `` off-shore '' . Later research revealed that there still are top-notch Hohner harmonicas made in Germany , but the ones made in China are , um , not good . Maybe even worthless , since what can you do with an out-of-tune harmonica ? That 's the situation with this Weekender.Now I got this darn thing and ca n't even GIVE it away . Want one ? ***
 This item was hooked up & played without problems for about five minutes.It then stopped working altogether , had to be taken apart and a loose screwtightened in order for it to work.For such a large & reputable company I believe the quality of this itemis disappointing
 I was unable to rate the quality of the pedal because it simply did not work at all right out of the box . Neither battery or adapter power made any difference .
 American DJ robs you blind on the pricesand the quality is very poorI found same iten 2.00 cheaper on another websitebut then again what would they care after they rob you
 I bought this pre-amp as part of an upgrade of equipment for vioce-over work . I had a CAD u37 USB condenser mic -LRB- a $ 35 podcast mic , which I highly recommend -RRB- , and I wanted to warm up my vocals . I purchased a Shure SM7B and the ART Tube Pre-amp with USB input . While the Shure Microphone is known as having low output , turning the gain on the pre-amp all the way up and using the boost gave barely tolerable results . Also , they fail to tell you that the USB output is only 16 bit . More importantly , any warmth the tube created was overshadowed by the incredible digital artifact noise this thing made . They package a warning with their documentation claiming that people say this pre-amp creates noise , but that they are just using it wrong . I have to call BS on this . Its just a noisy pre-amp . I tested my same set-up with a AVID MBox mini , and silence was dead silent . I bought the AVID for four times the price , and am much happier without the tube , but with a clean sound . Technical support at ART was not very responsive and gave no useful direction . Unfortunately , this seems to be the only compact pre-amp with a tube on the market . The other solutions are buying a seperate tube effects box , or spending an order of magnitude more on a much larger pre-amp . Bottom line , I suppose you could use this as part of an electric guitar setup if you were using distortion in a garage band , or any other use where you do n't need a clean sound . If you need a clear , clean sound , you have to get something else .
 Before buying this , try to get an ART support inquiry link . As of writing I ca n't . This product comes with virtually no support that I can personally find.If I had known , I would have added the difference and bought an entry level audio interface from Roland or one of the other popular brands .
 First off , this product will provide you with a somewhat clean way of getting audio into your computer -LRB- although there is a bit of tube noise in there , which is preferred by some for its sound -RRB- , only it will be at a very low level . The downside is that it does n't work well with all microphones.Dynamic mics are not a good match with this unit . I have to push in the +20 db switch and turn both the gain and output nobs almost fully to the right in order to get enough gain . With that , it works fine , though.There is n't much room to tweak for just the right adjustments.This product is OK with condenser mics , and does n't exhibit the same gain issues it does with Dynamic mics , but I am still not overly impressed with the overall amount of gain on this unit . My cheap Behringer board has far more gain than the ART . It 's not even a contest.This does `` warm up '' your voice somewhat because it has a tube . Sometimes , I think the bass almost sounds slightly more muddy , but after a while , I have come to like it , provided I have it set correctly . That 's it . It 's not a miracle product that 's going to make you sound like a $ 1,000 amp . If you 're looking for tube distortion , this product is not what you want , because you do n't have the adjustments necessary to get the type of sound you 're looking for.I purchased this expecting some tube improvement and warmth . I got some more warmth , but I 'm disappointed with the lack of ability to use it with a dynamic mic easily . Is it better than my Behringer audio board ? Hmm ... it depends on the task I 'm using it for.Someone said that you need to spend a chunk of change in excess of $ 500 for some , and $ 1,000 for most preamps to get a `` real '' tube sound . I now believe it .
 I dont like it . I would rather pay for some more expensive strings that would sound better on my violin . My violin is not really good , but it used to make a better sound when I had other strings : -LRB-
 I searched a very long time before deciding to buy this guitar . People said the price was too good to be true and it was . The guitar was so poorly constructed I could n't believe it . It has an attached neck and it was misaligned with the body . The plate that holds the neck to the body was crooked . It must have been crooked on the drill press . There was a crack the width of the guitar body . I could n't tell if that was because of the extremely poor packing job by both the guitar manufacturer and Amazon or was a manufacturing defect . The amazon box was way too big and there was little cushioning of the boxed guitar . There was no padding in the guitar box itself . I was broken hearted and I do n't think I 'll try buying another guitar from Amazon ever again . However , I must say that Amazon refunded my purchase price right away when I returned the guitar . RustyK .
 The item was decribed as in `` Good '' or `` Like New ' condition . Since I am an amateur , the significant problems with this item were not immediately apparent . It now requires professional repair , at a cost nearly equal to the price of the unit.I am very displeased .
 I bought this guitar from Amazon and I did n't like it at allSeems very cheap to meThe finish was n't right and it just has a cheap look over allNow to be fair it is only 152.00 but even at that I do n't feel it is a good valueI would say spend a little more and get a lot more ...
 Shipping and service are good.However , the item is not very good . Of those 4 strings , G string has some unwound spots right out of its package and A string is sounding bad just after a few days playing .
 Roaring piece of crap for its price , does not work well with condenserate mics either , front end over loads sutpid easy and you have to power reset to get it working again100 % mono - my fault for not looking closer - seller was great - no problems at
 This is an awful piece of garbage machine . The day I got it I took it out of the box and plugged it in , and I made the most horroundes sound I 've ever heard . I tried changing all of my other cables , turning the phantom power off , and many other things , but nothing worked . You should not buy this equipment , even if you are a beginner in recording . It will get you nowhere , only waste a whole lot of time and money .
 I purchased this hoping it would have seperate controls for volume and distortion . Instead , DVForge somehow combined volume and distortion all in one cheap plastic dial , which results in very little control of distortion and volume . It also is EXTREMELY loud when you have any distortion.It feels and looks a lot cheaper in real life than it does in any picture . The plastic is very cheap , along with the buttons and controls -LRB- all two of them -RRB- . I was hoping to save a few bucks by buying this small `` amp , '' but instead I discovered it 's a waste of money . Since I have purchased the Jamplug I have bought a Line6 PODxt , and I use that with headphones . Although it 's not portable , at least it actually sounds like a guitar and not some radio station fading out.This thing sounds absolutely horrible and is made very cheaply . Do not waste your money on it .
 This product came pretty fast , but the product itself was n't as great . It 's pretty good for an amp of its size , but I would n't recommend it for anything other than a little practice amp . The amp itself is made out of the cheapest plastic you can find !!! Seriously it broke in a week and now I 'm using duct tape on it just so the battery can stay in ! There 's better amps , go look around a bit more
 I 'm new to cello , so not really sure what happened , but this string broke within two weeks of purchasing . Since I am a new student , I 'm really only practicing ~ 30 min/day . Very disappointed that this string broke so quickly .
 Just received my Nady MPF-6 6 '' clamp on microphone pop filter and immediately I 'm disappointed by the arm . The clamp works as it should , the pop filter works but unfortunately that 's where it stops being good . The arm just plain does n't work . It 's by far too weak and possibly only works if standing completely straight up . My microphone is attached to a boom so I can use it easily while sitting , however the arm on the Nady MPF-6 makes it completely unusuable . With a better arm this would be a 5 star , however with such a weak arm it 's completely incapable of doing it 's job .
 I would not recommend this to anyone.Do not do what a pop filter is supposed to.Please do not waste your money .
 I may have received a lemon however I noticed I was n't the only one who is complaining about the gooseneck arm . It just does n't support the weight of the pop filter . No matter how I positioned this thing , the filter would always sag .
 The gooseneck is n't fastened firmly to the base , so the filter always drops down . There 's no way for it to be positioned correctly in front of the microphone , unless you hang it from the ceiling or something . I 'd return it but husband threw out the packaging .
 Where this is attached to the plate is very loose and makes it very difficult to get into the position needed without touching the mic stand . Mounting this to a round tube mic stand is interesting as well , as the rubber foot in the square holder wants to fall off with any amount of force applied with the tightening screw .
 I returned this days after receiving it . The filter is too heavy for the bendable lever , so it droops . Very unhappy that it did n't work out , but turns out I did n't need it for my purposes !
 Looks good out of the box . Then and only then do we discover that this poor little thing is too weak to hold itself up . I had to reinforce it with aquarium tubing to make it be usable.Terminally flexible would be the diagnosis , technically speaking , I believe.Nady MPF-6 6-Inch Clamp On Microphone Pop FilterNady MPF-6 6-Inch Clamp On Microphone Pop Filter
 It works perfectly for its intended use of preventing plosives . Gives me much better mic sound.The adjustment arm is almost useless as it does n't hold its position . I decided to simply tape it to my mic stand instead of sending it back .
 I 've been pursuing voiceover for three years . I 've been using this filter for the last couple and have had mixed success using it with two different mics -LRB- A Samson C01U and a Studio Projects C-1 -RRB- . Unfortunately , errant pops sneak into my recordings fairly often . I will grant that they 're quiet pops , only loud enough to be heard with studio headphones . But still , a quiet pop is just enough to ruin the recording if you strive for professional quality . If you 're a hobbyist looking for a cheap filter that 'll work okay , go ahead and grab it ; just be aware that some pops will show up in your recordings . If you 're looking for something that will completely eliminate all plosives , I 'd recommend paying a little extra money for something better .
 Overall this product does what it is designed to do . Stops the `` pop '' . Pros
 I ordered this product to use for personal recording , and thought ... what could possibly go wrong ? I ordered it `` New , '' and it definitely shows signs that it not new . First , the package was stapled , that 's right - STAPLED together in a way in which you could tell the product had been opened . Then , to make matters worse , there is a hole in one side of the fabric . When I order something new , I expect it to be new . Based on this product alone , I would not recommend buying from this seller .
 The flexible neck between the clamp and the ring is n't strong enough to carry the weight of the nylon filter . The result is a pop filter which can not be used with boom mic stands . The filter refuses to stay in place , and will drop the moment you remove your hands . This means that product needs constant re-adjusting . Which , of course , results in the sound of fidgeting with the pop filter is picked up the mic .
 Does n't clamp onto many things because of the fact that the clamp on the bottom side comes like a triangle clamp and not flat . Also the bolt that holds together the filter does n't stay tight ever
 It would n't stay on the stand and stop moving ... like a loose screw caused it or something . There is no difference when I used it for my Blue Yetti mic and stand .
 I 've had this filter for 4 months and it started developing a run that is slowly widening and spreading all the way across . I think these things may be fragile by nature since they look like pantyhose material .
 You would think the engineers behind this pop filter would have known that the weight of the pop filter should be able to be supported by the goose neck . Whenever I set the pop filter to its correct height the weight of the filter makes the goose neck bend further throwing off the alignment . Cheap filter with cheap results . The filter does work when its in position . Good luck getting it there though .
 ITs not worth it . I bought it and it came in crappy packaging , and after leaving it for like a day , i returned to find holes as if the fabric was too stretched . Very poorly made ... Would NOT recommend .
 I expected more for less but got less for more . It does what it 's suppose to , but not nessary to have .
 The package was falling apart , the item was cheap and junky , and had a terrible chemical/plastic/whatever odor to it that I could n't put my finger on . I did n't even bother to try returning it , opting instead to throw the item away and pretend I never laid eyes on it .
 Looking at the product , it seems `` ok '' . But the thing is , at $ 16 + and made in China ?? That 's way too much ! Normally , I can let this issue slide and still give it a 5 Star since price is really up to the buyer and not the seller . THE REASON WHY 1 START IS BECAUSE IT CAME TO ME BROKEN ! THE CONNECTION BETWEEN THE GOOSE NECK AND THE CLAMP IS LOOSE!IT 'S SUCH AN INCONVENIENCE JUST TO RETURN AN ITEM TO SELLER , PAY FOR MAILING IT AND WAIT FOR A VERY LONG TIME TILL YOU GET IT BACK ! These companies should know that and should do strict quality control on their items . It 's just a Microphone Pop Filter ! MAKE IT RIGHT PEOPLE !!!! DO N'T INCONVENIENCE YOUR CUSTOMERS !!! TO THE POSSIBLE BUYERS : CONSIDER WHAT I WROTE HERE . THE PRODUCT IS MADE IN CHINA AND I FIND IT TOO PRICEY FOR HOW IT WAS MADE . THE GOOSE NECK CONNECTION BETWEEN THE CLAMP AND POP FILTER DOES NOT LOOK STRONG ENOUGH ! RETURNING IT AND WAITING FOR A LONG TIME IS JUST NOT WORTH IT !
 I bought this pop filter for my boyfriend for his b-day and the pop filter packaging looked very worn . Overall I 'm displeased with its appearance . As for the product it self would n't know as of right now .
 I ordered a ` new ' Nady MPF-6 6-Inch Clamp On Microphone Pop Filter and it came with the box obviously opened before , re-stapled together , and the inside of the packaging was dirty . The bending shaft does not stay in place once bent . I am now wishing that i had ordered from a different seller .
 This product is a waste of money . The idea is great but the neck is too weak to stay in place , it just droops like a wilted flower .
 I 've received and tried out the filter , -LRB- even though it was poorly packaged , also mentioning the fact that the package has been stapled . . as in its been USED when I clearly ordered for a NEW filter . Plus the neck was held by a old rubber band . -RRB- the gooseneck does not work very well . The neck is not as tight as I wanted it to be . This product AND the seller , is not worth the small amount of money .
 I just received the product . shipping was fast . product sealed in the plastic box.The product fits well to the microphone stand . The screw-holder holds the body well.However , PART OF THE THE SCREEN IS RIPPED out of the box.Buyers BEAWARE .
 Item was NOT new and NOT in working order and in fact was damaged . There were marks on the flexible arm where it connects to the clamp as though someone had tried to loosen or tighten the connection -- which I discovered as I was examining the item trying to figure out why it would not stay put in the same place I moved the flexible arm . Very disappointed that a damaged product -LRB- that was CLEARLY pre-owned -RRB- like this would be sent out . Have to use TAPE to get it to work how it should be working .
 You might as well buy some thick wire , make a circle about 6 '' wide , and stretch 2 layers of nylon over it tightly . Thats how poorly made this product is . If youre going for the look of something professional then I guess its worth it , but if youre just looking for something that works and filters the `` pop '' sounds then just make your own , dont waste your money . This product is not worth $ 15 or even $ 20 and can be easily made at home .
 The screen fell out as soon as I pulled it free from the packaging . I have had to rig the thing to keep it together . I probably should 've just made my own with a wire hanger and stockings . Everything else kinda works . The clamp clamps and the adjustable arm allows for just that .
 I purchased this after reading the great reviews but like a few of the comments that are on here lately this thing is not good . Looked almost used when it arrived and the gooseneck stand is useless . Does not come even close to being able to hold up the weight of the filter . I would have returned it but I completely destroyed the package getting it open -LRB- which oddly had staples holding it closed -RRB- .
 There are many competitors to this product with similar functionality . This one -LRB- and other similar products -RRB- is over priced compared to the material and technology used to manufacture the product .
 I opened the box and i noticed that its been opened before . i see this because there were staples holding it together .
 The thing seems to function as intended , but it was n't shrink-wrapped ? There were just two Staples along the top of the plastic packaging . Really ? How unprofessional is that ? I 'm not certain whether this is indicative of the seller or Amazon as a whole , but I 'm guessing the latter because I 've purchased several things on Amazon that are in this state . Secondly , the packaging was dirty -LRB- scratched and beat up -RRB- and there were a multitude of bits of thread/string inside the packaging -LRB- initially , I thought it was hair -RRB- . Wow , next time , I 'm going to a retail location .
 Good , cheap manuscript paper . Very bright . Very thin . Very frustrating -LRB- because it sags-folds over onto itself in the slightest breeze -RRB- . But if you want inexpensive and utilitarian scratch paper , this is it .
 This paper is ultra lightweight , but not as thin as its equivalent in Passantino brand . Uncoated . Very bright white.If you want real manuscript paper that takes both pencil and ink wonderfully and is good and sturdy , get Fischer 's King Brand -- but it 's only available in 10-stave . The best , heavy , coated , ivory 12-stave folded manuscript paper was unfortunately discontinued by Fischer a few years ago .
 I bought this specifically to reduce/eliminate the latency that I get from my existing sound card while running Cubase with Sax Brothers Ms. Sax VST . While it does eliminate the latency , which I was pleased with , it cuts out frequently -LRB- like it reboots or something -RRB- . The red light goes out and comes back on each time . I thought this might be a software issue with Sax Brothers , so I tried in with Konteck which they provide . Same problem . With Konteck I do not have latency issues using my existing sound card . However , Konteck does not run Ms. Sax , thus the need for something to eliminate latency . I ran Konteck with my existing sound card with no issues . Basically wasted the money on this because it does not do what I purchased it to do with any level of stability .
 This is definitely a budget item . If you want a good sound card please spend more money . The sound is very pour . .
 As most have written , this is basicaly an amazing device IF you can get it to work . If your system has any issue recognizing the device , then forget it . I have tried this unit on 3 laptops and 2 desktops with 3 different versions of Windows . None of them could get this device to work . Sending it back unfortunately .
 I tried installing the DJ I/O and all it tells me is that it did not install -LRB- Error
 Im a amatuer dj and all i needed was something to preview the next song on mixmeister . I followed the instructions on how to install did not worked on window xp or window vista and just to make sure i installed it on my other vista computer -LRB- i have 3 laptops -RRB- . after installing all i heard was what i would say cliking sound . i tried changig the lag time but it did not work . i went the numark website downloaded newer driver version and walla it it work one time at a gig . as i was getting ready for the nex gig 2 weeks later it did not work again . finnaly i went to fry 's and got a external usb that worked 100 times better . Save your money . Thanks for reading .
 I never got a chance to use this USB/DAC because it would not work with windows XP on my Toshiba laptop . froze computer and could n't get any advice from tech support after numerous emails.I use many Numark products in my DJing , and they have always been great . This may work fine on another computer/operating system .
 My computer just crashes after 30 min that I been using it with dj io along with virtual dj or traktor pro.I have a new macbook 10.5 It just freezes my computer and you have to restart it . -LRB- Thats not so pro in the middle of a gig . -RRB- So I called the people from Numark who by the way were very rude , and they just told me that in order to make it work I would have to get the new version from virtual dj and that means spending more money ! So I 'm just guessing that in order to be able to keep using their products you have to pay each time they come up with something new !!! Very disapointing !!!!
 It 's decent when it wants to be . The software -LRB- driver -RRB- acts up every now and then and I have to re-install it.If you can afford this I recommend saving just a little more and getting something else.Only thing I see that it 's good for is the fact that it has a separate headphone jack . And even then you have to configure your software -LRB- youtube -RRB- to learn how to go about doing that .
 Does not work with windows 7 ... is not cmpatible and did not work ... cd install did not work either i even install upgrade and it still did ` nt work ! and i could not install driver ... product is very bad so i 'm going to get my refund for something better !
 I bought this based on reading so many awesome reviews ! The price was right and it seemed like a good quality sound card . Everything was fine until I plugged it into my Macbook Pro running Lion . All I got was a high pitched screeching sound - I tried everything but I could not get rid of it . So after spending some time googling stuff , I came across this link :[ ... -RSB- Basically , it 's a known issue and the only fix is uninstalling and reinstalling the sound card driver every time you want to use the DJIO . Freakin ' ridiculous . And it does n't seem like Numark is in a hurry to update their drivers.So , basically if you have a Mac running Lion , DO NOT buy this until they have resolved the driver issue . You can go their site and check the latest drivers they have -LRB- it 's Snow Leopard now -RRB- . I 'm sure this is an awesome sound card , in fact the form factor , and the build quality is really good but it is simply paper weight for me at this time .
 I purchased this unit and it was several weeks before I had a chance to use it .1 . The software would not install .2 . I downloaded the newest version of software from Newmark and it installed fine .3 . There is no output from the RCA output jacks.In order to get tech support from Newmark you fill out an online form and wait 24-72 hours for a response . I have done this 3 times and have not received any response from them.In the meantime , 30 days have passed and I have lost the opportunity to return the unit.I called the Newmark online store -LRB- you can buy from them , but I did not -RRB- and explained the situation . They told me they would put me through to their tech support . I waited on-hold for 25 minutes and every 30 seconds listened to a recorded message saying that I could go to their website for help - www dot ionaudio dot com . Newmark does not even support their own product!After 25 minutes I talked to a person who said that they do n't actually provide support but would take my name and number and have someone call me . I asked what would happen if I was not home when they called - `` You will need to call this number back again . `` This is nuts.I called Newmark and talked to a customer service rep , told him about the experience and asked if they could replace the unit . He said they would not . When I asked why not he said , `` Because you did n't buy it from us . You gave your money to someone else . '' I was boiling by this point . I replied , `` You do n't stand behind your product if it is bought from one of your retailers ? '' He said , `` Of course we do . I can connect you with technical support . '' `` Will it be the same technical support I was connected to last time , waited on hold for 25 minutes , then told someone would call me back , but if I miss the callback I have to start all over again ? '' `` Yes . `` Make your own decision . I will never ever again consider buying a Newmark product .
 What I expected : A minimal yet functional audio interface with at least 2 outputs so I can cue on headphones while DJing.What I received : This audio interface seemed to be one of the cheapest ones on the market , so I gave it a try . After installing the drivers , I found that the audio interface worked fine . However , this lasted about a couple hours , then it stopped working . The only noises that came from it were crackling noises . I am returning this product soon . It was most likely a manufacturer 's defect , however , I did not like the build quality of the audio interface either -LRB- it was entirely made of cheap plastic -RRB- . I will try the mixvibes umix44 instead .
 This was a nice tuner and worked great for a couple of months . Then it just plain died . Not a battery issue . It was n't abused or dropped that I know of either . It just died . Too bad .
 i bought 2 sony ecm-ds30p `` digital '' microphones . first how a microphone can be digital ? second let me tell you it does n't work with gopro hd hero2 or canon t2i or t4i . It should be called a mute accessory , because that 's what it does.IT LOWERS THE INPUT BY 85-90 % COMPARED TO THE BUILT IN MICS.so it SUCKS , pretty much like those GALACTICS i got them from . THERE IS NO RETURN POLICY FOR EVERYTHING THEY SELL.they recommended to send it to sony for repair.i really love e-crooks hidden behind big name online retailers like amazon.only form of contact them is to write them a message thru amazon product page.i 'll spend my money elsewhere from now on becuse of GALACTICS.and you should do the same.good bye amazon.com
 Adds volume but overall I would say the sound quality is very similar or not as good without this device . I use it with my Olympus WS-300m . Maybe it would work better with a Sony . It is also more prone to have interferance and it will make a loud noise when it picks up on something . I do n't use it just in case it makes that noise I do n't want it to ruin my recording .
 i bought this knowing that sony usually sells great products but it sucks it makes no sound quality or level difference what so ever with the voice recorded and does not work with the computers built in input either -LRB- i would give this no stars if i could -RRB-
 Not Sony 's fault but contrary to the word i got from the computer store , the apple Mac-book does NOT support plug in mics like this one that do n't supply their own power . So disregard the 1 star rating as far as quality goes : just did n't want this possibly useful info to get lost among the ratings . I ended up finding that info in Mac help after i could n't get it to work . So , i have no opinion of the quality of the mic , I just know it does n't work with the Mac-Book .
 A small stereo microphone from Sony.Pros
 Not sure if this unit is defective or if it is just built poorly , but using it as an external mic with a GOPRO HD Hero 2 was NOT what I was hoping for.The breakdown of issues in order of least to most severe :1 , It is very quiet . Maybe only 70 % of the volume that came from the built-in mic that comes with the GOPRO .2 , Even with the muffler , it picks up any kind of wind and it overpowers the recording which makes it useless in an environment where there is any kind of air movement .3 , This one is the nail in the coffin
 This is a great looking , high quality built mic . However it is not working with my samsung Galaxy Note N7000 nor with the iPhone . Kind of lame.Also NOT working with macbookpro5 stars for built and quality1 for not working .
 Did not perform nearly as well as the built-in mic in my tape Sony recorder . Did a number of comparison tests and using the plug in mic actually reduced the sensitivity of the recording . It was like putting a sock over the built - in mic . Waste of money if you have a good recorder .
 I purchased this to use with the Kodak Zi8 . I was shocked to find out how terrible the sound quality was when I received it . In fact , I found that the sound with the built in microphone was better than this Sony mic . Not recommended with the Kodak.Pros : Easy to plug inIncludes carrying case for micCons : Terribly low sound quality.Picks up all background noise .
 If you have a circuit board needs to be replaced , Mackie has no repair parts for this mixer , so why would you buy anything Mackie any longer , I am an actual customer who paid a lot for a mixer amp and paid the diagnostic fee of $ 89 to an authorized repair shop , then was told there are no parts to fix , loss of $ 700 . Adrian
 I was really hoping that this case was going to be nice . The exterior shell of this case is very hard and looks great . However , I had a buckle that did not work fasten properly when I got mine.The interior of the case is cheaply made . There are two bow holders , but they are nothing more than strips of velcro that have been stapled to the interior . Yes , you can see the staples . The compartment under the neck of the cello -LRB- where you would keep your rosin -RRB- is covered by a flimsy , plastic lid that could be easily broken off . Without the weight of the cello inside , the case will flip over since . So you can never prop it open and leave it without it flipping over . Lastly , the top lid is only secured by two cloth straps . Should those cloth straps fray , rip , or pulled away over time , then you have a two piece cello case.All in all , I found this disappointing quality for the price . It was cheaply thrown together by SKB and they should lower the price by about $ 100 .
 The picture on this iteam is very missleading . I bought this for my 10 year old and when she opened the package it was just a case . That was all she was so upset she cried because there is not a viola or bow . We where very dissapointed .
 I agree with the previous review.I also bought this for my 10 year old son , and when he opened the package it was just a case . That was all he got . he was so upset because there is not a viola or bow . We were very dissapointed
 I purchased a Lee Oskar harp in Bb after hearing rave reviews for the brand . I 've been playing harp for a few years now and was willing to try Lee Oskar in my quest to try out as many brands as I could . Boy , was I disappointed ! The harp sounds little better than a $ 3 toy harmonica . The tone is atrocious , the comb leaks far too much air , and I can not get any volume out of the thing . Some people swear by Lee Oskar , and that 's fine for them . For me , I 'm sticking with Hohner and Suzuki .
 The quality of the design seems quite good . It fits on the bridge almost perfectly . Unfortunately it barely deadens the sound . Being a musician , I could only tell that the sound was slightly less bright . My roommate could tell no difference what so ever , him being the reason I desired a mute makes this a disappointment . I would suggest otherwise either finding a practice room , or purchasing a silent cello instead .
 First and formost the item sent was not version 1.5 but 1.0 on cd.Not a problem go on line and download the latest version of 1.58 . Then i find out that the program will not work with windows 7 . So far i have not been able to use this program because i do n't have windows xp.So please be advised that if you need or want to use this program make sure to have xp.Maybe one day the program will be updated to the 21st century and windows 7 . Thanks
 Overall I give it 3 stars.I am a new harp player for about 2 months ; I do know how to read music based on playing in H.S. band which is a big advantage ; I brought 3 different brands to test in the middle price range
 I 've owned a Line 6 POD 2.0 for a couple of years now . I was looking for something a little more robust than my Digitech Genesis 1 . The POD came highly recommended , was not inexpensive , and so I figured the unit must be good . That evening when I plugged it in , I was anticipating an experience somewhat similar to what I 'd had using other similar devices by Digitech , Boss , & Zoom . What I experienced was several hours of disillusionment and frustration . The device is real easy to plug in and get sound out of , the same as the other devices I 'd used . The problem was the sound I got out of the POD 2.0 . It did not sound good . The sonic deficiency is difficult qualify , but essentially , the unit sounds flat & unconvincing . Similar to the effect you get if you wire speakers or guitar pickups out of phase
 I purchased a Line Pod a while back . The first thing I noticed was the sound of a loose screw rattling around inside . Later , after only about 30 hours of use , the effects started fading in and out . It 's now to the point where the effects are not produced and I 've given up using the Pod and I just now feed my guitar directly into my amp . Needless to say I 've been very disapointed with this purchase .
 I am confused a bit by this product.Despite my trying really hard , my violin teacher seems to always need to correct a few issues with my bow hold.She says it is extremely important to work to keep my thumb bent , but I do n't understand how this product helps with that.My teacher also is constantly catching my pinky finger not behaving and staying curved and on top of the bow , and I do n't understand how this product helps with that.Is there something my teacher has not been instructing me about that this product does help with?And , what size would I need to order if there is some value to this product ?
 Bow was warped . Ca n't expect to much though , it was a cheap bow . I went by the ratings in hope that it was good until I could afford a decent one .
 I bought it for my 2 daughters ages
 I got the guitar and the first time I went to hook it up to my pedals , the connector fell into the guitar and I had to fish it out and put it back together . Hard to keep in tune , the slightest bend of the strings causes this string to drop out of tune . Fancy guitar , but mostly `` bling '' . All looks and no quality . Sold it to a pawn shop for 150.00 . Made my money back , but I would n't recommend this guitar for even a beginner .
 If you want a decent guitar for a decent price , Washburn sells the HB-35 for a fraction of what an ES-335 costs.I 've had three OE-30 's
 I ordered this Guitar 3 day expedited delivery and it took them 8 days to send the actual package . Secondly I contacted their customer service support only to find out they had forgotten to place my order . Forgot !!!! When I actually received the actual Guitar it appear used and had many scratches on it , it had been clearly used before . Not a new Product ! Buyer Beware , I will never buy from this vendor ever again , I will tell all about this horrible experience .
 Like the other customer , I too am unable to use this product as it does n't include the adapter and I had no idea I needed one . I have an important project due in 2 days and am disappointed that , after having this producted overnighted , I am unable to use it . This information needs to be added to the product description . I 'm sure this is a very good product . I 'm just unable to tell .
 After reading the product description I was under the impression that this headset was compatible with most telephones and call center devices as it came in the box . Not so . You need to obtain an adapter for your specific telephone . No where in the description does it tell you that.Until I find this adapter I am unable to use this headset and be in posiition to evaluate its performance .
 I had been using more expensive strings and decided to give these a shot after reading reviews . I put the strings on on Wednesday and was very happy with the sound . I played for about an hour and put the banjo away on it 's stand . I picked it up on Friday to play and noticed the strings had started to rust ! The strings sound horrible now ! For the extra 5 bucks I am going to go back to paying a bit more but getting more than an hour of good sound out of them .
 I 've used one for about three years and it has all the features I want but it was quite noisy when I got it -LRB- low level background noise -RRB- and it has got worse -LRB- intermittent crackles and hums -RRB- , so much so that I 'm looking for a replacement and it wo n't be a Mackie . It 's almost unusable after three years.It 's a shame because if it sounded nice and worked reliably it would fulfill my needs perfectly.The item I 'll replace it with will probably be more than twice the price for similar features but with better product and sound quality.I have also experienced noise and reliability problems with other Mackie products .1 . The knobs fell of my SRM350s and the dealer seemed incapable of getting replacements from Mackie . Mackie would n't deal with me directly because I 'm in Canada and have to go to the dealer . In the end I went to Radio Shack and bought generic knobs .2 . My SRM450s are very noisy .3 . The A/D card in my 1640 stopped working completely and I had to buy another.The only Mackie product I 've had no problem with is an 800R preamp which sits in a studio rack and is very lightly used . I 'm going to replace it anyway because of my unhappy experiences with Mackie reliability and quality in general .
 I ordered one of these puppies fron mmsalesinc . It was advertised as NEW ! When it got here the package was opened and the cable did not work . I contacted Hosa to make sure that the cable was not working properly . After determining that it was bad they gave me an RA number and are sending me a new one . I left mmsalesinc a feedback similar to what I am here . He told me if I would retract my feedback he would refund my money and send me a brand new cable . Okay ... I retracted my feedback . He did give me a refund , but the cable he offered to me was another `` new , but opened '' cable - the last one he had . I need the cable , so I said I would take it ... I never got it.This sounds like I 'm whining about this all but , what I really mean to do is voice a warning about mmsalesinc . 5 stars to Hosa ... 0 stars to mmsalesinc .
 I purchased this for my son who wanted to connect his electric keyboard to the computer and utilize the MIDI component . He was so excited he got this as a Christmas gift and went to use it immediately . That was the start of his disappointment and frustration . It did not work ! We tried researching the computer components -LRB- it is a new Mac -RRB- , went to the Apple Store to make sure we were doing things correctly and even contacted the keyboard manufacturer -LRB- Yamaha -RRB- . When we tried another keyboard and still nothing happened , we looked at the cable further and saw a cut in the one end where internal wires were exposed !! The packaging had been in poor shape and it had looked like it was badly repackaged but we had hoped that it did n't matter . We then went to the store , bought another similar cable and it worked right away . I believe it was not the manufacturer of the cable -LRB- we purchased the new cable from the same maker -LRB- Hosa -RRB- , but rather the place we purchased it from through Amazon that was at fault . We will not buy from them again !
 I have pretty normal size hands and fingers and this is huge ! If you put it all the way on your finger it goes over your knuckle and you cant bend your finger . However , if you put it on half way so you can bend your finger -LRB- obviously you need to bend your finger to play -RRB- it with fall off sooner or later and does not feel like you have full control . But like I said if your hands are like Hendrix then this is the slide for you . Good price though .
 I purchased this as my first guitar slide . I loved it for about one month , then it fell off my finger and shattered into tiny pieces . I almost cut myself ! I will never buy a glass slide again , I recently bought a Dunlop brass slide and love it . The difference between glass and metal is that glass is a muddier , mellow tone , and glass is crisper , louder , and does not break . I would not suggest this to anyone . The metal ones are about the same price , they do n't break , and sound way better . There 's a reason ALL pros use metal ! The review below is wrong . Slides are meant to cover your ENTIrE finger , all the way to the tip . You do n't bend your finger to play slide . You retune your guitar to an open tuning . Just thought I would point that out .
 Its well padded , the outer border lining has a visible conjunction -LRB- like a burnt fabric has , which is ugly -RRB- Usual size pulls -LRB- not over sized as it has been described -RRB- nice padded handles.Big logo on the front pocket3 pockets in totalLooks wise it is so soNo belts inside to hold guitar in placeFeel like i paid a bit much for this . $ 29.99 It fits my guitar F325 -LRB- yamaha gig maker -RRB- SIM
 I bought this a couple weeks ahead of my son 's birthday . After he opened it on his birthday , he used it a total of three times , only to carry his guitar to a weekly music lesson , and the zipper started uncoiling from the seams . And now because I purchased it the couple weeks early , it fell just past the 30 day return . Very disappointed in the quality . Our son was careful with it and only used it those three times ... it certainly should be more durable than that .
 Guitars are symmetrical , but this case is not . One side was about an 1 1/2 &#34; wide , the other 3 &#34; . The lining was like the papery pillowcase covers airline pillows used to have . After a week of being out of the packaging , it still gave off strong fumes .
 My parents bought this guitar bag for me . When i opened it up out of the plastic , it had an extremly strong SMELL . I thought it was perhaps a manufacturing smell and it would go away in a few days . I put my guitar in it and a few days later I took it out and then my guitar had the smell too . Now a few weeks have gone by and the smell is still on the bag.I have been trying to air it out , using also dryer sheets , a baking soda odor absorber , and a renuzit odor absorber inside the case , and it still SMELLS . IT smells similar like a combination of MILDEW and MOLD and even a chemical in cat pee . I do n't know if this is a fluke , but mine smells really bad.World Tour WG20D Deluxe 20mm Acoustic Guitar Gig Bag
 These strings do n't stay bright . If you like less pesence in your sound these will be good for you . Aloha .
 when I got first , the sticks were bent.OM . . Gi felt the proverb ; ` you get what you pay for ' by buy this sticks
 SO FRIGGIN NOISY ! Bought it for a sub mixer for wireless drama mics in church . The pots sound dirty . Do n't even THINK about turning up the volume . Sounds like Niagra Falls . Junk !
 Average sound , competitive price , but you ca n't preview the FXs MIX - you can only solo the FX so you ca n't adjust the mix AMOUNT offline while you 're on stage . You can preview the sound offline by connecting your headphones to MON -LRB- and a separate headhphone amp -RRB- but you get a completely dry signal - no help in adjusting FX . In addition the phones output level is connected to the main out so you have limited control over phones volume.If you connect a separate FX box to the mixer you still get Behringer onboard FX on top unless you set the mixer to a blank FX . Onboard FX are marginal and undocumented , just clustered into sets of ten.If you want to do Kareoke in the basement this mixer is fine , but if you 're a professional musician it lacks flexibility and you 're paying for a lot of cheesy effects .
 Really enjoyed the effects made by the petal , disappointed it broke only after a month of having it . Wish it would work .
 I dont recommend anyone to buy this product.Few months after I bought it got the famous BLUE SCREEN OF DEATH !!! The support is terrible ... not worth the headache ...
 The best word to describe the Axiom 25 is * clunky * . I bought the bright , gaudy yellow one and while I really wanted to like this keyboard , I just could n't . Everything it makes up for in looks , it lacks in quality due to the key bed being so clunky . I 've got to turn up my monitors or wear headphones to drown out the horrible clacking keys . The 8 percussion pads and 8 endless rotary knobs are a redeeming factor though , and for the price I should probably complain a little less . However if I could do it all over again I would choose something else , or at the very least not purchase it blindly without trying it first.All the features of this controller are great , but the terrible keys outweigh the benefits .
 Control buttons are difficult to assign and no printed manual . At this point I regret buying this product and will never recommend it .
 This product comes without instructions . The help files are totally useless and nothing on M Audios web page explains anything . I have been calling the contact number which has been busy for the last 3 days and the e-mail I sent them 3 days ago is unanswered . Spare yourselves the headache .
 I bought this to use on my Windows laptop running XP . It would n't show up on the mixing software provided and apparently it has not been approved for XP operating system according to both the driver that came with it and the driver technical service at M-Audio sent me . All in all Mac users are probably better off using this Midi as oppose to Windows users .
 After only two weeks of use , the hardware died with the infamous `` blue screen of death '' -LRB- i.e. the device powers on with a blank screen and the controller does not boot up -RRB- . Apparently this has happened to lots and lots of people . No luck on getting a replacement . I was previously happy , but if they are selling such junk ... what a rip-off .
 I was on top of the world when I bought my Axiom 25 for a hundred fifty bucks . Three months later , the infamous `` blue screen of death '' turned it into nothing more than a clunky over-sized paperweight . Luckily , I was able to send it for repair for free through the store I bought it from . Three weeks later , I get the thing back , plug it in , and it does n't work . Customer support consists of some call center halfway around the world staffed by people who refuse to admit that their products are sub-par . DO NOT BUY .
 Ok , this is my second MAudio keyboard that has broken . After my first MAudio , I decided to upgrade to the very good looking Axiom 25 , it was great for 6 months until it developed what is known as ` the blue screen of death ' . Have a look on the MAudio forums , type in ` blue screen of death ' and you will see pages and pages of comments , hundreds of unhappy customers worldwide . Now this in itself would be unfortunate however , even though the product is under warranty , it is next to impossible to get anyone at MAudio to take any ownership and actually get this repaired or replaced , I have been trying for two days and have got nowhere . It appears that I will have to pay for postage from the other side of the world to send it to AVID in Canada who can take up to a month to repair the item , and by all accounts , have been known to send back defective items at the senders cost . Basically , the keyboard is stuffed and I ca n't get a replacement.DO NOT BUY THIS KEYBOARD , I never review anything but felt that I should share my experiences so others do n't get burned . This keyboard has not left my studio , is in mint condition , but they are all susceptible to the same chipboard fault.MAudio - never again .
 I have owned this product for a little over a year , just long enough to get out of warranty . While it worked it was a decent controller , nothing special but it did it 's job . Unfortunately it received what is known as the `` blue screen of death . '' Apparently this is a common problem where the LCD screen lights up a solid blue and the keyboard becomes completely unresponsive . There is no fix as it is a hardware failure . Google it to find out how common.Do yourself a favor , save up a little more money and go with a better brand than M-Audio . Otherwise you 're playing roulette with your money .
 The keyboard died after 1 year of very very VERY light use . It is my second M-Audio keyboard that let me down . I do not buy keyboards from m-audio anymore . If one needs disposable keyboard , there are cheaper alternatives .
 This was ordered as a xmas gift for a child and it did n't come with all the.connections and wiring necessary to function .
 Warranty 's expired . Oh well . Another $ 250 pissed down the drain.Maybe an Akai unit will last longer .
 I bought this less than a year ago . I have a top of the line computer , and am pretty savvy at using it . I did n't use the AXIOM 49 for more than a few times before I got the `` blank blue screen of death . '' For the THREE times I used it , it 's now turned out to be one expensive paperweight . It constantly had problems with the drivers , which I had to reload , and reload , and reload ... . by the time I seemed to get it working , I did n't really feel like recording anymore ... not that it mattered , since it would randomly stop working . So , M-Audio requires that I spend more money to ship it to them -LRB- so they can swap it out with a `` refurbished model '' that will probably stop working after a few days . I really wish I 'd never bought this pretty little piece of junk.The relatively low price point benefit really goes away in hindsight . BUYER BEWARE !!!
 As has apparently happened with many other users of this product , I have just met the axiom 's very own Blue Screen Of Death . This is a terrible product ! Do not buy it ! I just feel lucky that mine did n't die within the first few days like so many people are reporting on the m-audio forums -LRB- though I guess then it 'd still be under warranty -RRB- . I will never buy another m-audio product and I would advise you to do the same . Pay a little more for a KORG that WORKS !
 I should have took the negative reviews seriously and not bought this piece of junk . After two weeks it does n't stick to my guitar anymore . It keeps falling off so now I can either throw it away or use it as a paper weight . I 'm sure there are loads of better tuners out there and cheaper as well . Shame on Sabine for putting out this junk .
 what is in the picture is not what they send . got the wrong item , sent it back and they sent the same wrong item the second time . had to send back a second time and still waiting on a responce if I can get what is pictured .
 `` The instrument itself sounds pretty good . my problem is the smell of the straps . They smell so much like petroleum that they give me a headache just trying to play it . I thought it would fade but its is n't really going away . I washed them with dish soap , scrubbed with ajax , hell I even tried rubbing alchol . still its there , Any ideas ? seriously , its terrible . ''
 plastic strings will come off and not go back on ! was cute for the few days that it lasted ! : -LRB-
 This instrument arrived as a perfectly straight piece of wood . The berimbau is supposed to be curved so that there is room for the string to vibrate . Although the explanation included in the box was that the instrument should not be bent for shipping , I assure you this piece of wood is much too strong to be worried about breaking . The manufacturer should put the bend in before shipping .
 I am a DJ that also does karaoke . I am looking to Rip my karaoke collection onto a computer with my music collection to eliminate the need for discs . Sounds like a good idea , and I know a lot of other DJ 's that have a similar set up . So I found a suitable computer and this program and ordered them both . So far I have not been able to get any of my karaoke discs ripped to my computer , let alone to play on this program . I have spent the last week looking for a program that can Rip the CD-G 's into a compatible format with CUE . It seems that somewhere I read that this program can Rip the CD-G 's , but according to the manual it ca n't . Not to mention the graphical interface is unattractive and it is a convoluted setup for what I am looking for . I am going to give it till the end of this week , if nothing changes , then I am going to be reviewing the seller based on their return policy . -LRB- Based on their delivery and the condition received I would give the seller 5 stars . Was at my house exactly 3 days after ordering . -RRB- UPDATE !! 4-5-12 ; Found out that Cue 6.0 supports . avi format . Had to download an additional $ 40 program to Rip the karaoke discs into this format . The seller , PRICE PROS , does not accept returns on software . BEWARE THIS PRODUCT AND SELLER , this lesson cost me almost $ 300 , please do not make the same mistakes as I.
 This is a great looking program ... ONE Huge fault ... no tech support other than forums . I could n't get 2 stereo channels to come out clear on a nice duo core laptop . In other words ... there is no way to preview the tracks !! Again ... if your a home user ... great ... Pro 's ... STAY AWAY
 This is an ISO - Instrument Shaped Object.Avoid the temptation to get something for nothing.You ca n't get anything decent in a student violin for under $ 250 . Buyer Beware !
 I bought this . A couple of weeks later the mic quit working.I tried and tried to get help from Pyle to get it fixed . No response.I tried to find out how I could purchase a replacement mic . For get it !! Now I 'm stuck with an amp , which I specifically purchased to use with the mic , and have no mic for it !!!! Run ! Run !!! Ahhhhh !!!!! Run away from this item !!! Pyle will give you NO support !!
 The first one of these units I received , blew my circuit breaker when I plugged it in . It hissed and hummed and I figured it was a bad unit and returned it for a replacement.The replacement unit did n't blow a circuit this time , but with it unplugged -LRB- on battery -RRB- and turned on , with all volume controls turned all the way down , there is a white noise hiss that can be heard across the room.When I plug in the power cord , there is an even louder AC humming sound that joins the hiss.When I powered on the wireless mic or plugged in a wired mic , the noises got even louder . All this with all the volumes turned all the way down.When I plugged my iPod into the dock , I get even louder popping and pinging noises without doing anything with the iPod and all volumes are still turned alll the way down.This is totally unusable.You know , I was wondering about the steep discount from the list price . Buyer beware!I will return this one as well , but for a refund and find a better product.Update -LRB- 09/27/12 -RRB-
 I bought this speaker to use at my Zumba classes , but the sound quality is n't that great . It makes a buzzing/hissing sound especially at lower volumes and in between songs . I am pretty disappointed , it is going back and I will be buying something else .
 I bought this product based on , 1 -RRB- Battery operated , 2 -RRB- 600W power , 3 -RRB- Versatility of Wireless Mic , additional input , iPod docking , etc.Pros : -- 1 -RRB- Low cost , wireless mic , battery and power cord supported , external input source -LRB- comes with connector cable -RRB- , 600W output .2 -RRB- Though mic is made of cheap plastic , it works good .3 -RRB- Light weight , so very easy to carry around .4 -RRB- Wireless Mic has a pretty good range I was able to walk across multiple rooms and floors , still was able to hear thru speaker.Cons : -1 -RRB- Lot of them , Most important was the constant hissing sound . Especially when in Battery mode the static noise is very high . -- Though after sometime it is reduced but not completely gone .2 -RRB- When I use the mic , still you can hear it loud and clear .3 -RRB- Wireless Mic , often looses its connection to the system , so you go silent for few seconds and comeback loud.These are major issues , on top of it , the speaker did not deliver 600W power , it was very low and my flat screen TV volume kept at 20 points suppresses the volume of this speaker . With Full volume kept it could barely mask my TV volume.In the back of the unit there is a fuse to save the battery during power surge . It was improperly installed -LRB- though sticker says during transportation it will not be installed , I received the unit with pre-installed fuse -LRB- did I receive a used unit ? -RRB- -RRB- , so to have it in right place ; I tried to remove it and re-install . The plastic casing easily slide out , with fuse intact in the connector . It was hard for me to remove carefully and put it back in the casing again.This shows the very poor quality of the material .4 -RRB- One of the rolling wheel base connector to the speaker case , had rust showing up.Over all , the product concept is good , but failed to deliver what it is supposed to do . It needs lot of improvements in the quality -LRB- material and as well as the sound output -RRB- . It is okay if you 're looking for something that is a play -LRB- for kids -RRB- and do n't care about any additional static.The product is not upto the mark for about $ 180 .
 this product was bought for a specific purpose for me and only used to teach my fitness classes . it cuts out whenever it wants to , the feedback in between songs when using the ipod dock is horrible , and it lowers the volume or raises the volume whenever it likes . i wish i could return it . save your money .
 I received the Pyle Pro system 600 Watts two days ago from Amazon . The system included a wireless Mic and cable . The order also included a moving coil dynamic handheld Mic . and a Pyle-Pro PDWM96 Lavalier Wireless Mic . System.As soon I opened the package and tried to run the system per the included instruction , I found out that nothing working properly . I Plugged the system using the right power reqt . then I tried the wireless Mic included after installing a new battery and nothing worked then I tried the additionally purchased , the Pyle Pro Lavalier wireless Mic . after installing new batteries and plugged the transmitter in the system I found that nothing worked . After that I plugged the additional Coil Dynamic handheld Mic which additionally purchased in the proper input of the system and adjusted the volume but all I got is a very low sound from the speaker which is supposed to be 600 W. Even the Mic . do n't have an On and Off switch.I am really disappointed of the system and I want to return it back . Please let me know where to go from here.Thanks , Emile Jammal
 The product works great except 2 things : The wireless microphone does not maintain a constant connection -LRB- yes , i am using new batteries and the unit is fully charged -RRB- . Expect to need to send it back for a replacement.Also , while an `` Ipod '' works in the unit - you can NOT use the dock with an `` Iphone '' . There is interference even if you put your phone in `` airplane mode '' to turn off all external signals . You have to plug your Iphone in by plugging it in through the headphone jack - that works just fine -LRB- but no charging or ease of control via the dock -RRB- .
 PWPyle-Pro PWMA930I 600 Watt VHF Wireless Portable PA System/Echo with iPod DockThe microphone does not work unless you hold it within less than an inch from your mouth and the hissing noise and AC humming is terrible . It 's very erratic , ok one minute then it 's unbearable the next minute . Unacceptable product !
 The product was broken out of the box , even though I could tell it was brand new . The extension handle was broken , the speaker sounded like it was frozen or blown and the upper power unit was loose in the case . When I plugged the power in the back the control unit was pushed out of the front about half an inch . I figure someone forgot to secure it on the assembly line.This is the second unit I have purchased because the first one was a good piece of equipment . I wo n't say not to buy one but be prepared to send it back as they are very inconsistent in quality .
 I am very disappointed with this pyle pro portable PA system . Whenever I 'm using my ipod there 's this hum noise and sometimesnthe volume goes up real loud by itself .
 I agree with Rosie 's review as I experienced the same issue.It was very disappointing when i started hearing a static interference when i plugged in my ipod.Would not recommend .
 You have to have the mic IN YOUR MOUTH for the sound to be picked up . From 3 inches away , it does n't work . I tried to work with PylePro to resolve this issue - that 's a laugh . Months and months later , they just sent me a replacement mic that 's no better . HOWEVER , if you get stuck with this PA System , it worked GREAT with a wired microphone from Radio Shack.I have purchased PA Systems from Pylepro in the past , and their wireless microphones used to work really well .
 I do n't own this PA system , nor do I plan to get one . The only reason I am posting this review is to tell potential customers not to be fooled by this ad . I do n't know who listed this product on amazon.com and dared to say it was 600 watts regardless what terminology he/she used , RMS power , maximum power or peak to peak power . There would be no way that a speaker of this size could produce 600 watts of power , this ad is not only misleading , but exaggaration at its extreme . Typically , speakers range from 85-92 db measured at 1 meter with 1 watt applied . Everytime you double the wattage you increase the db by 3 . So at 600 watts , it you stood three feet away from this speaker , the dB level would reach to 200 or more , it would be traumatic enough to cause permant hearing loss , then Pyle-pro would be in some serious trouble .
 I purchased this item for a room for about 50 people to announce . 600-watt ? I did n't believe its ad instead I expected 50-watt . When I turned on the power switch natural -LRB- basic -RRB- noise was loud and when turning on the VHF wireless mic the noise was too loud . I gave two star because it has many functions such as ipod player and charger and wireless mic . Otherwise one star is enough.I think its normail power is around 15 ~ 20-watt and max is 50-watt . You can use it outside or in a noisy place with people talking . Do n't expect listening to music in a quiet place . Far away from people and speaker . We will use this with wired mic because of the loud noise with wireless mic . If its natural noise is low I would give 3 star .
 It does much noise when it connects the ipod and other commands , even when the volume is down.It has not as it will select musicians or album to hear in the ipod when this one loading the battery.Not good ...
 The speaker hisses at all times and sometimes it will barely play music . I 've tried to figure out how to return it on amazon , but there are no return instructions by this item when I go to the return center . My family bought one of these and it worked great , so we bought another . The second one does not work at all .
 Never got a chance to use it because it did n't work at all . Granted it was used but I ordered through amazon . It came poorly shipped and one of the wheels was broken from being banged around a lot . Fortunately its listed as a hazardous material so I could n't send it back ! Full refund and no return shipping needed , +1 for that!Other than that , it is very poorly constructed , I took apart the whole thing just about to see if I could fix it and it is so cheaply made you could cry . The peices holding the metal grill fell right off and are n't properly attached , the wheel plastic is thin and crappy , a few of the nails were inserted at an angle rather than straight on .
 I purchased this speaker for $ 163.15 and shortly there after it stopped working with the Ipod connected . I sent to their Service Center in NY for repair -LRB- I paid shipping and Pyle charges you $ 15.00 to have it shipped back -RRB- and when I received the speaker back I noticed that it was not the one I sent to to them , the one I received back was filthy and had a dent in the speaker grill . I have sent this speaker back twice for repair and it is not working again and I have spent approximately $ 60.00 in shipping . At this point I have spent $ 223.15 on a dented filthy speaker that travels more than me and still does not work . I sent the Customer Service department 4 emails before they responded back . I am extremely disappointed in this product their Service department and Customer Service . I have called the Sevice Center and they are not returning my voice messages and are unwilling of unable to fix this speaker . they have offered to refund me my original $ 163.15 but I am to ship it to them in Florida for another $ 25.00 in shipping costs . I have spent $ 85.00 and have nothing to show for it . Good Luck if you chose to make this purchase .
 I own a pwma230 . It works quite well except it does not seem to be as loud as 200W . So when the pwma930i was available , I recommended it to my church which bought one from mail order . I also bought one for myself through Amazon . Both units made a fairly loud hissing noise even when the volume was turned way down and there was no input . The units also made humming noise when AC was used . Being an engineer myself , I believe the noise is either due to poor design -LRB- some kind of cross-talk -RRB- , or poor workmanship . I sent an email to Pyle Audio , and there was no answer . I would not recommend this product unless the problem is fixed.Follow-up , May , 2010I asked Amazon to replace my unit . Without a surprise the replacement unit exhibited the same hissing noise and AC hum . I returned the church unit to Pyle for repair . The hissing noise was reduced somewhat , but was still fairly loud , kind of barely usable . I decided to hold onto my second unit , to give the factory some time to fix a design problem.I sent my second unit in for repair when my 1-year warranty was almost up . You know what ? I received a PWMA-230 back instead . The service department of Pyle Audio must be half asleep . I will continue to report what is going on . Basically , this is a very low quality company , both in its products and in its service .
 I bought this 600 watt PylePro because I wanted a docking station that was loud enough to hear on the beach and at large gatherings . It makes a hissing noise that can be heard while listening to the music . It does n't matter if the music vol . is low or high , it still hisses . In some songs , it hisses worse than others . I made adjustments on the bass & treble , but it did n't matter , it still hissed . I lowered the vol . on the MP3 player , and that did not help either . This PylePro is a great idea , and if it did not hiss , it would be perfect ! The cordless mic worked great , there are several 1/4 '' inputs , the handle and wheels are a plus , and overall it has a professional look , BUT it hisses . UPS delivered it about an hour ago , and the longer I played it , the more it hissed . I 've already contacted Amazon , and have printed out a RETURN authorization . I 'm very disappointed because as I said , it 's a great idea if Pyle could remove the hiss . I read about the hiss in other reviews , but I guess mine would not do it , but I was wrong . DO N'T BUY IT if you want a pure sound .
 The product sound was inferior compared to other speaker systems I have , and the ipod dock did not work at all . When I returned it , the company gave me a return authorization in a timely manner but did not communicate with me about a refund until I continually asked them about it . Their responses were short , cryptic , and would only explain a small portion of the return process .
 Pyle-Pro PWMA930I 600-Watt VHF Wireless Portable PA System/Echo with iPod DockWe bought this for graduation ceremony and made the mistake of not opening it till May . The speaker had pulled all the screws out and was loose . The face is made of chip board so it ca n't hold a screw , they just break off . It should have been made of plywood , even 1/2 inch would have worked . And to top it off it was missing the wireless mic . The box was factory sealed . Beware of buying this . I 'm very surprised amazon sells this , they ought to be embarrassed .
 Worked when tested first during the 14 day no questions asked review time ... then on the day I needed to use -LRB- 24th day -RRB- it this nasty feedback cropped up and the mike stopped working . Microphone is impossible to open to change batteries .
 to rate this product at 600 watts is deceptive to say the least , very poor sound quality and played as loud as a 20 watt system
 Awkward to roll . Battery did not hold charge for more than an hour . Also makes a loud hissing noise when volume is low
 After many years of needing a quality PA system , we purchased this item . The PA system itself is great , however , the microphone it comes with is garbage . It does not function well , if at all . You have to literally place your mouth against it to work and then it goes on and off . Very embarrasing in a public speaking situation . Beware however of purchasing the wireless microphone Pyle-Pro Lavalier Wireless Microphone PDWM96 to go with it as it does not function at all . Unfortunately , our businees does not allow us alot of free time , thus we failed to ask for a replacement or return wothin the mandated 30 day window . the manufacturer wants us to pay more for return shipping than the units costs itself .
 product was recommended a friend . but it a came with broken handle and static when ipod was plugged in . sent it back and it came back with a fixed handle but still static with ipod . i gave up and put it in storage and went to store and bought a different system . Do n't have time to ship it back and forth . i will take it as a loss . no biggie
 I bought this violin for a 5 yr . old because the violin we are renting seemed cheaply made . Little did I know that it was even possible to make a far cheaper instrument . The Cecilio CVN-200 was a completely unusable violin . It is crafted of the lowest possible materials , and the chin rest is not even glued on -LRB- came off in her teacher 's hands just by picking it up ! -RRB- . We were not able to string the violin because the pegs would not hold any tension . Additionally , the violin was actually a tiny bit shorter than the 1/8 violin that we are renting , so beware of the sizing , as well as the horrible quality . Sure it comes with 2 bows and a few other accessories , but it was the most disappointing purchase of our Christmas , and the worst thing I have ever purchased on Amazon . If you want a badly made violin that will last a month or so -LRB- if you 're lucky -RRB- this is your item . If not , KEEP SHOPPING !
 Some one at Amazon needs to be punished for their stupidity !!! You are only allowed to purchase three of these folders at a time and the shipping is more than the items cost ! I wanted to purchase three dozen -- but No Way would I be allowed to do so . I ` ts just nuts !!!
 The bag is poorly padded , and the backpack straps are flimsy , will be returning it . This bag is similar to the freebie you get when you buy a guitar .
 THIS PRODUCT WAS RETURNED BY ME UPON RECIEVING IT . IT IS ADVERTISED AS PADDED , BUT THE PADDING IS EXTREMELY MINIMAL . THE PRODUCT WOULD NOT PROTECT THE GUITAR PROPERLY .
 Violin looked nice , good carry case . Bridge was too high and had no notches for strings . I had to take it to my local music shop to have it fixed.After tightening the strings the string holder snapped.Local music store fixed it for me free of charge and said the ebony was of poor quality which is typical of Internet purchases.My local store will have any future business .
 I just received this violin . I too had the same problem the string broke when I was going to tighted and the bridge does not have and notches . I want to return this item to it seller but I am finding it difficult to contact seller to send back and get my money back .
 These cheap Chinese made violins look OK opening the box , but they 're strictly beginner 's material . My daughters needed to upgrade after 1 year , and the supposedly higher-grade models are absolutely no better.The other reviews I read here look suspicious -- seller or manufacturer padding ?? Take your chances on one of these if you want , but read the return policy VERY carefully .
 Unlike the stand for e.g. the Suzuki digital piano , this stand does not have a broader base than the side supports which are the same -LRB- narrow -RRB- width as the keyboard is deep . This means that if you want to place the stand on a carpet , the piano will wobble back and forth making play impossible . You will then need to construct your own hard floor or supports to make the stand usable.Very expensive for essentially 3 pieces of pressed wood and a couple of screws . If you must have it , try to buy in a package or included with the piano , not separately .
 1 star if used on carpet4 stars if used on hard flooringAlthough I was concerned about the stability of the stand on carpet I purchased it because I knew the px-100 has been discontinued and wanted to buy the stand while it was available . I had hoped to put the piano in my living room , which is carpeted . Unfortunately , placing the stand on carpet made the piano unplayable . The entire thing would rock back and forth when I played anything . I tried several pieces of music and even the most gently and softly played would cause the stand to move . I tried placing wedges of cardboard under the ` legs ' to add some stability , but nothing worked . Eventually I just moved it to the only hard surface in my living room -- the brick in front of the fireplace.I 'm not thrilled about where it is , but on a hard surface the stand is excellent . It 's very stable and I now feel as if I am really sitting at a piano.If your only choice is to put this stand on carpet then I would strongly suggest looking into other options .
 Oh my God dont buy this if you are looking for a RECORDING mixer . this is for like live shows or something i dont know . those effects they brag about , yeah well they dont shut off so if you want to record something you have to deal with the effects which sucks if you just want a clean channel .
 Hamilton KB50 Music StandWhy on earth Hamilton Corporation markets a music stand with a non-adjustable music shelf is beyond me . I tried a brand new one that a friend had just purchased , but wanted to sell cheap . He had n't realized it came with a fixed shelf angle when he bought it , but did n't tell me that when he offered it for sale.The first `` feature '' I did n't like was that it used a knob to lock-in the stand height . -LRB- Am used to Manhasset stands and the better Hamilton stands , which have no knobs . -RRB- The knob works fine in most situations , such as home use . However , when you have to stand up and play at a gig because of an individual solo or the section is featured , and need to quickly raise the stand with one hand , you ca n't do it with the KB50 . Even worse , if you try to raise the stand by pulling up on the music shelf , the whole shelf can come off.I then tried to adjust the shelf angle to my liking , which , of course , was n't possible . -LRB- The top couple of inches of the stand 's `` pole '' is flattened and bent backwards to slip into a receiving slot in the music shelf . -RRB- At many rehearsals or gigs , adjusting my music shelf angle at least once is needed . For example , the music is at the very bottom of a photo-copied page . So , a fixed angle shelf was a deal-breaker , even at the ten bucks he wanted.Due to the stand 's small `` feet '' , this is not a good choice for playing outside on soft ground - it can sink into grass for example.If you do n't mind the `` knob lock-in '' or the fixed shelf angle , and will never need to raise it quickly at a performance , this is an inexpensive and quite sturdy , all metal stand.I bought the much better Manhasset Voyager folding stand for rehearsals & gigs , which can be raised/lowered with one hand , and has a fully adjustable music shelf ; with no knobs needed for adjustments .
 I bought this strap from the same folks that sold me my guitar , the guitar was great . . You get what you pay but not in this case . It 's so poorly make at the button end it came off first try and i dropped my guitar . Luckily I was on the floor putting on the strap when I put it over my shoulder it let go . The plastic button end is so soft and of poor quality it does not even rate the strength of a folded paper towel . Send themn 6 dollars to keep this strap and protect your investment in the guitar . i would not trust it to hold my 2 oz.MP-3 player.It 's junk even if they paid you to take it . i gave my seller a poor review and they acted like babies so I removed it . i threw the strap away .
 Considering I bought this strap for next to nothing , I ca n't complain too much . However , what I will say is that it has a very cheap feel throughout , especially the paper thin ends . My main problem with it was that the string for the head/neck end of the guitar was stretchy and literally looked as though it would break if I put any weight on it . Oh well though , like I said . I bought this for almost nothing . Much better if your guitar has two buttons so you need n't use the string
 I 've only had this stand for a month and I 'll be buying another one to replace it : - The plastic numbs on the legs have all fallen off.-I 've tightened the part that holds the bell to the tightest it can go , but it will still sink if added weight -LRB- I 'm talking maybe 3-4lbs of pressure -RRB- is applied ... A good stand does not do this.-It 's really rickety in some places , particularly the part where the legs open . Speaking of , it is a hassle to unfold the legs ... you have to work them open.-The part the holds the bell is very inconvenient to adjust -- you need an allen-wrench . It does come with one , but seriously , would an extra knob have been that difficult to include ? - I do n't feel my trombone to be as sturdy on this stand compared to other stands I 've used , primarily because the surface area of the legs is much smaller in comparison to those other stands . It has n't fallen or been knocked over , but I 've been very careful about where I 've placed it.It 's a cheap stand , not at all worth $ 40 . Hamilton is not the way go , get a K&M. ; I am VERY displeased with this purchase , and if you are serious about trombone playing , you probably will be too .
 Looks great , but not very practical . This stand is somewhat laborious and difficult to use . In order to raise or lower the stand , you have to unscrew and rescrew a knob . It 's not too difficult at first , but it begins to get harder and harder to tighten within a couple months of use . So much so , that I 've decided to order a new stand from a different company . Do n't waste your money .
 Hamilton Folding Stand , Chrome Finish , 3 section , 59-inch extensionWe are having the same problem of the top clamp not working . So we can never use the stand in the 59 '' extension . I have written to Sharmusic about this . This happened within 60 days of purchasing this product , it seemed to work OK for the 30 days the company allows returns . Very disappointing .
 The bottom section stays in place , and the base locks in position , but the top section does n't stay up and slides down even with nothing on it . This makes the entire top section rather useless . I do n't know if this one is defective , but I would not buy this again .
 Wow ! The `` Blue '' folks make a great microphone , so what a disappointment when I got this product and it appears as if it was not made to work with their microphones . I 'm sure that is NOT a true statement , but there is no easy way to connect their pop filter to their desktop microphone . I have the Yeti , which is an amazing mic . Oops ! What happened ?
 Returned the same day I received . This product does not even easily fit their own Yeti mic . Whoever reviewed and approved this product design did not even try it on their own product .
 This is a complete let-down ! Do not expect this to filter out any `` Pop 's ! '' It will not . The pop sound and air blast comes through the unit virtually unfiltered ! It is a poor mesh screen , and is ineffective . I can not believe Blue Mics , whose other products are top of the line -LRB- The Yeti , for example -RRB- would sell such a useless item ! I immediately repackaged it for return . I do Voice-overs and narrrations . Stick with Musician 's Gear double pop filter or the OMNITRONICS EPF-15A Cad Mic Pop Filter and forget this one .
 As of Nov 7th , 2012 , the product description says
 This is a piece of junk that is physically impossible to use . If you will look closely at the picture , you will see that it is held to the microphone by a specially made attachment that is not included with it . So when you buy this , and try to use it , you find that it is impossible to attach to the microphone or use in any way . It makes a great doorstop . Save your money , and buy a different screen that is actually usable in the real world . The microphone is great , but this microphone cover is useless .
 Looks great , but the screen is so overbuilt and heavy the gooseneck ca n't adequately support it . I returned mine .
 Do not buy with use for yeti blue - it showed up as a suggested add-on . Yet , there is no easy way to attach . More money thrown down the drain .
 I ordered this pop filter , as it was listed as `` Frequently Bought Together '' when I was purchasing the Blue Yeti microphone . Yeah , that 's right , they 're made by the same company - but there 's no way to attach this `` universal '' pop filter to the Blue Yeti stand that makes Yeti so useful for desktop recording . What a joke - a `` universal '' pop filter that wo n't even attach to the stand made by the same manufacturer . It 's nice quality overall , but that it wo n't attach to the Yeti unless I remove it from its stand is a non-starter . Yeti buyers beware ! I 'll definitely be returning this .
 Sorry , but 1 star . This is a pop filter that does n't filter pops.I have a Yeti Pro which I love and am an avid Blue Microphone product user , and use this filter ; but I can still hear an ample number of p-pops , and s-whistles ... It just does n't work as well as a cheap plastic double filter . I am switching back tomorrow.Yes , this filter looks so much more sophisticated , and it 's made of metal , and it 's shiny , and brand-matching with the Yeti ... it just does n't work.The science behind a pop filter is a no brainer , and does n't involve good looking sophistication -- stick with an $ 11 plastic one that does the job .
 The pop filter is heavy and does n't stay in place when put on the Yeti microphone , which is odd since they are made by the same company .
 There seems to be a disconnect in the Blue Microphone company between the accessories and the actual microphone . Not sure how you can claim this is a Universal Pop Filter when there is no way to get it to work on the Yeti without drilling a hole or -LRB- like I did -RRB- using a twist tie for a seriously poor looking end result . What makes it worse is the company 's `` Deal with it '' attitude-like it 's cool to be creative . Well , not for me at $ 30 + bucks . Buy something with a clip and buy it cheaper .
 Length :
 I have a Blue Yeti microphone and decided to get a pop filter for it . Selecting this one seemed to be a natural choice as it was also from Blue , so it was sure to be a good match . I shocked -LRB- shocked I say -RRB- to find that the mounting bracket that came with the filter was totally unsuited for the Yeti . After quite a bit of fiddling , I managed to somewhat attach it , although any bump would send it flying . After going back to the Amazon page , I realized that a number of good people had posted pictures of how they had solved this issue . I then ordered a Atlas Sound AD-7B Long Microphone Tube , which seems to have mostly solved the issue . There should somewhere , somehow be better warnings about this , and Blue should really just include a better bracket .
 Do not expect this to fit an American STD Strat . The mounting holes do not line up and the lower bout , where the control routes are located , are offset as well . I got what I paid for . ; -LRB- Unusable for me as I refuse to butcher an expensive guitar for a cheep pick guard .
 Unfortunately it useless as it does not fit my Squier Standard strats . Cheap quality as it bent over time and became totally unusable . Do n't buy this product .
 i bought these picks paid for 12 only got 6 dont , waste your money you will pay more for shipping them than the picks cost
 ordered with a guitar , never got it . Pointless to stress about a $ 7 pick , but still disappointed .
 I bought a guitar at $ 199 from this seller . When I got it , the guitar is worn and paint is off . The strings hit the fret heavily . It 's highly defective and of vey low quality . And the seller reduced the price by $ 30 the day after I bought it . I feel so cheated.I also ordered a strap from the seller . I called to cancel the order before it was shipped . They accepted my cancellation but shipped the product to me and billed me anyway.Don ' t buy anything from this seller . Or you will definitely regret .
 Thought I paid a little more attention . Bought this item at the same time as some other items . Was n't paying complete attention -LRB- my fault -RRB- but ended up paying an additional $ 4 for shipping ... for the $ 2 picks.Price should be listed as $ 6 , not $ 2 . Ordered on a Saturday , too late to cancel by Sunday , it said had been shipped even though the confirmation shipping email said shipped on Monday.Kind of a ripoff ... Edit Oct 2008 **** Contacted by company and they decided to refund the shipping charges this time . It seems like they listened and tried to do the right thing which is appreciated . Thanks to Musician 's Friend ****
 Contrary to the vendor 's arrival date , one of my items have been placed on backorder for nearly a month . I was not notified about the change and only found out when I inquired by phone . The customer representative did not apologize for the company and did not offer any form of resolution for the inconvenience . The first product arrived in good shape and on-time , but I am dissatisfied with the customer service when a mistake is made .
 At first , I was excited to get these hooked up . They looked nice , and felt solidly built -LRB- except the controls on the front were cheap-feeling -RRB- . I got them hooked up , and immediately heard a high-pitched buzz coming from them . I tried several power sources and surge protectors to make sure it was n't just dirty power . Turning the treble all the way down seemed to fix it mostly . I tried plugging headphones into them , and they also replicated the whine . It had to do with a low grade/noisy analog input . I was able to get the high-pitched whine to go away by switching a switch on the back from coax to optical , but the sound quality was still way below expectations -LRB- even for the price -RRB- . They had decent bass -LRB- for the size -RRB- and volume , but it never sounded `` good '' . With treble turned all the way up , everything sounded dampened/closed . Nothing sounded `` live '' that I played . I tried output from an mp3 player , iphone , and computer . Nothing sounded good , even ignoring the high-pitched whine . I want monitors that replicate the actual recordings I have.I returned them for a refund . After talking with a sound engineer friend , he indicated that all Behringers have sounded muffled to him , and that he steers clear . I will too , from now on . They hardly had a flat response at all . Definitely not good for mixing , unless you 're going for the muffled/closed feeling ! These speakers are NOT recommended .
 I had high hopes for these studio reference monitors , but I was sorely disappointed . Even with no inputs connected , nothing connected but power , if the bass knob was anywhere above zero , there was a constant hum ; not loud , but there . I could n't take it . And if that was n't enough , the tweeters emitted a constant hiss ; again , barely noticeable , but noticeable . And again , this is with no inputs connected , so you ca n't blame the analog inputs . I thought maybe I got a bad set , so I exchange them for another ... Same problems . It is nice that these speakers have the inputs that they do , and the dual volume knobs . They do have a nice sound when there should be sound . Unfortunately , they also have a sound when there should not be any.I do highly recommend American Musical Supply . They were very helpful and I never paid any shipping even after buying these speakers , exchanging them , and then returning them for a full refund .
 These where nice speakers for my computer , a bit big but had a nice sound to them . I 'd probably have given them a 5 star rating till after about a year the right speaker blew . Still trying to see if I can get it fixed but no luck so far .
 I bought an LG26LH20 26 '' LCD television recently and navely assumed it had a 3.5 mm headphone jack or RCA audio outputs - it did n't . Like most small TVs , the sound sucks so I wanted to add external speakers , but since the only audio output is TOSlink -LRB- optical -RRB- , my choices outside of getting a full-blown receiver were almost nil.Enter the Behringer MS40 speakers -LRB- or their smaller cousin , the MS20 -RRB- , which feature RCA , 3.5 mm , * and * TOSlink inputs . The reviews were decent , but not stellar , and the price was moderate , so I ordered a pair . The shipping was prompt and the speakers work . That said , using the TOSlink input , unless I crank them up to 3/4 volume , the sound is disappointing , and at higher volumes , one has to modulate the bass to avoid distortion . Given the size and weight of the speakers , they 're sheep in wolves ' clothing NOTE
 I had high hopes for these studio reference monitors , but I was sorely disappointed . Even with no inputs connected , nothing connected but power , if the bass knob was anywhere above zero , there was a constant hum ; not loud , but there . I could n't take it . And if that was n't enough , the tweeters emitted a constant hiss ; again , barely noticeable , but noticeable . And again , this is with no inputs connected , so you ca n't blame the analog inputs . I thought maybe I got a bad set , so I exchange them for another ... Same problems . It is nice that these speakers have the inputs that they do , and the dual volume knobs . They do have a nice sound when there should be sound . Unfortunately , they also have a sound when there should not be any.I do highly recommend American Musical Supply . They were very helpful and I never paid any shipping even after buying these speakers , exchanging them , and then returning them for a full refund .
 I like how it looked on picture , and hope if I connect from sound card via optical cable will get good quality . : -RRB- Any sound via optical cable `` toslink '' -LRB- or copper digital cable -RRB- , shorter than 1 second duration starts from static : -LRB- 192 kHz via optical cable `` toslink '' not worksSupport - slow -LRB- 1 reply in 2,3 days -RRB- , recommended repair center which had horrible reputation on internet : -RRB-
 Never worked ! We tried different brands of batteries but the keyboard never powered up . Made of very cheap plastic . Very disappointed !
 This item arrived with one black key already broken off ! Another one came off within minutes . The electronics and sound are very good , but quality is terrible . I returned the item for a refund .
 I purchased this product to learn piano because I did n't want to spend much , but there are a few major problems : - Unable to play some multiple notes -LRB- i.e. chords -RRB- at the same time . - Package contains a DC adapter port , but no plug . While trying to plug in various plugs I have at home , the port on the back of the keyboard broke.Take this product for what it is ... a toy . A poorly constructed toy .
 this product dosent have a jack for ac adapter ,2 weeks after i purchased it for amazon it went down in price by 20 % . im wishing i NEVER purchased it now .
 Like other reviewers have said , no power cord and , after replacing the first set of batteries , no power either .
 This is an excellent guitar by any standards . The slim tapered neck is fast and comfortable , the tonal quality can go from growling and snarling to soaring crystal clarity with the touch of a button . Build quality is superior to the `` regular '' Les Paul models . The reason for the low rating has nothing to do with the quality of the instrument , but how it is marketed and labeled . I am an avid Gibson player / collector . Unfortunately , I had to stop playing due to health restrictions . I 've owned a lot of Gibson Custom Shop guitars . `` Reissues '' as well as `` Custom '' guitars . I have a 2000 Custom Shop Class 5 Les Paul . Aside from the eye-popping AAAA Sienna Burst top it was the first and only Custom Shop Les Paul that came with the Burstbucker pickups at the time . They are excellent pickups with a tonal quality somewhere between the 57 PAF Classic pickups and the 498/490 Alnico V 's which came in the Les Paul Standards and SG 's . Gibson has since taken to putting Burstbuckers in the LP Standards , rather than the 498/490 's . A simple matter of taste . However , why is Gibson putting Burstbuckers in their Historical Reissues when they came with 57 PAF 's originally ? For the price , I think a `` Custom Shop Historical Reissued 1960 Les Paul Standard '' should be equipped with the same 1957 `` Patent Applied For '' pickups as they were originally equipped . Especially for the price . Plus , I truly love the Classic 57 's and 57 's + .
 The tape looks great , it stands out well against a fingerboard , and I like the width to promote accurate finger placement.However.Every instrument that I have put this tape on has had to be retaped , or in many cases scotch tape has had to be added to hold the ends of this tape in place . I do n't know why the adhesive is so weak , but it is not strong enough to keep the tape in place , especially at the ends . I will be looking for a different fingerboard tape for the next school year .
 This tape looked appealing for my students - its thin and colourful . However , it does n't stay on the instrument very long at all and takes the varnish off of the neck of the violin when you remove it . Not good for anyone renting an instrument at least . Do n't invest in this . It 's not specifically designed for string playing and so does n't take into account important things as mentioned above . I now have 4 different colours that I will not use ... waste of cash ...
 As others have written , the tape does n't stick . I have 220 elementary school string players and am now having to retape all their instruments .
 After a short time , this stuff shifts and floats . When removed , it leaves a sticky mess all over the fingerboard . Save yourself a bunch of headaches , as well as messy instruments and strings
 As recently reviewed for ` Fingerboard Tape
 I would never RECOMMEND ANYONE TO SHOP WITH AMAZON OR TARGET ONLINE EVER AGAIN.I ordered it with more than 10 days to allow for shipment and I keep getting the run around about when it will arrive !!! It was supposed to be here for a BIRTHDAY on Saturday July 26 2008 !! To date I have still not received it !! This is a PISS POOR WAY TO DO BUSINESS !!!! The vendor should have ensured it was in stock and if not contacted me and refunded my funds and told me to find it elsewhere , instead they let me think it would arrive on time , then the day before I needed it they send me a message saying it will be late !!!! DO N'T DEAL WITH THEM !!
 This toy and I never quite got a long . The games seemed to be either very simple or too hard . They were n't good at ramping your skills . I did n't play on it hard or too often and after a few months it had problems with the power cord . We solved this for a while with tape but then that stopped working too.There 's a large variety of sounds but many of them you do n't want to listen too.Anyway I 've switched to hitting pans , cups , and pieces of wood . It sounds better .
 I have just started playing saxophone , so when I saw this and read the reviews I thought this would be perfect for me . When it arrived it looked fine and played well , but about a month later the low C key breaks then the G key pad stays open a little all the time . So I think to myself and sy , '' It 's probably nothing and can be easily fixed '' . So I take it to my band teacher and he sends it off to a shop . When they finnaly get it we find out that the repair will cost more than a third more than it costs ! My mom decided that this sax is n't worth it , and that we should just get a better one . The technician even said that he would n't waste the money either because the whole body was loose ! Do yourself a favor and get a higher quality saxopone !!!!!!
 I purchased this sax for my 12 yr old son last year and am very disappointed by the overall quality . Although my son has played the sax for over a year , he struggled with it from day one and it was n't until his private tutor -LRB- a professional musician -RRB- gave it a whirl that we realized that the notes were consistently flat . I do n't know whether this was an isolated case of a bad instrument slipping through the quality assurance process , or whether it 's indicative of a problem with this level of sax from this company . At any rate , if you 're looking for an entry level sax just remember that you get what you pay for .
 I 'm a professional saxophone teacher , and a student of mine bought `` Sky '' alto sax instead of renting . Big mistake ! The neck is the wrong size , so no other mouthpiece fits except for the one it came with . This is unheard of ! The intonation is terrible , and it was constantly in the shop . Stay away from these super cheap new horns ... you get what you pay for . Find a used Yamaha locally or rent something until you can afford something better !
 Do n't be fooled , no good new sax can be made this cheap , even in China . I tried a few of these shiny saxes with non-Chinese name , and they were # 1 / all made in China , and # 2/throw away saxes , meaning play for a while then throw it away . I get this creapy feeling that almost all the great reviews may have been written by people trying to sell these to the unsuspecting , especially the reviews by `` experts '' and `` professionals needing inexpensive sax and were surprised/very satisfied '' etc. . If I am wrong , write to me in 10 years if and when the sax still works without $ 300-700 complete overhauls .
 I EXPECTED LOUDER ACOUSTIC SOUND FROM SUCH A LARGE BODY . THE NECK WAS NOT ADJUSTED AT THE FACTORY AND THE STRINGS WERE BUZZING AGAINST THE FRETS . I WAS ABLE TO CORRECT THIS BY ADJUSTING THE TRUSS ROD IN THE NECK BUT THERE IS STILL SOME MINOR BUZZING . THIS SHOULD HAVE BEEN DONE BY THE MANUFACTURER . OVERALL QUALITY IS GOOD FOR THIS PRICE RANGE .
 Ordered the Dean 5 String acoustic bass . The first one had no output when plugged in to amp . Returned it and a new one was sent . That one had real uneven volume
 The guitar was package very badly with little to no cushion or protection . The guitar came in a smaller box inside a rather pointless large box . The guitar was just sliding around inside . The body of the guitar was CRACKED when I opened it and I had to pay $ 44 ! to return it for a new one . Amazon.com is only covering 10 dollars of the shipment . I am very unhappy with the situation . The guitar itself did not seem very loud for how large the body is but it was cracked so hopefully the new one sounds better .
 Absolutely horrible . Buzzes terribly on every fret of every string . It 's a beautiful guitar but the sound is awful . Definitely want my money back . Do n't waste your time
 The size of the rack mounts is slightly off because the case is somewhat flimsy and it has warped , I had to get help to pull the sides apart so that some rack mount items would fit .
 Title pretty much sums it up . This thing is not worth even $ 50 . To start with , the plastic the case is made out of is thin and very flimsy . The rack rails are made of plastic , with `` self-tapping '' screws -LRB- i.e. you better not want to switch your gear around much because they will likely wear out and strip -RRB- . Because they are made of plastic , the rails can not hold anything with much weight , such as a heavy duty power amp or even a heavy duty drawer . I tried to mount my drawer on the very bottom , but the rails were not wide enough at that point without being forced and slightly bent in . Once I finally managed to jam it into place , it turned out the bottom lip bows up at that point , so the drawer would stop about 1 '' from closed . Same thing at the top
 I purchased one of the Lyon Micro Ampifier . And after about 3 months the unit started humming when any of my guitars are plugged into it . And humming to the point were you could not use it . And became very noticeable on quite passages I played on my guitar and I was always accompanied by a constant hum . This is very annoying and I have stopped using it . Do not buy .
 This is a cheaply constructed chinrest . A good chinrest for beginners and advanced players alike are the Kun rests ... for a few dollars more they will last for years , not just a few weeks .
 This strap-holder has been okay once I got it on correctly , but really the buttonhole needs to be a little larger , or the button a little smaller , as it was EXTREMELY difficult to put on.Now that it 's on my guitar I intend to keep using it ... but I would not buy another for other guitars , it 's too much of a pain to deal with .
 I need to buy a strap . I do n't know why but , it bought this thinking it was an actual guitar strap . when i get a strap I 'll update my review to reflect how well this works . smh .
 I bought this strap button to use with an acoustic guitar that 's been lent to me indefinitely . Because it 's not technically mine , I did n't want to drill a peg into the body and got this as an alternative solution . I got it in black since I figured that 'd look the most neutral and because the headstock has a very dark coloring to it.As for the strap button itself , the leather is very good quality and looks really great . I was n't a fan of the Martin logo on it , though you can easily reverse it so that the logo is only visible from the back and the front is solid leather . The problem that I had -LRB- as well as others , apparently -RRB- was that the actual button part of it is VERY small . I use Levy 's straps for my acoustic guitars and it absolutely would not fit . I tried reversing the button part so that the leather strap itself was in the button part of the plastic , but that would n't fit either . After struggling with it and trying every configuration possible -LRB- all 2 or 3 of them -RRB- I decided to break out a metal filer to sand down the plastic . I was able to file it down quite a bit , but after sanding it almost halfway -LRB- to the point where I was concerned a strap might come off -RRB- my strap still would n't fit all the way on it.Now I 'm either stuck buying a new strap , drilling into the guitar , or sanding this down more and hoping it works . Overall , I 'm not too impressed . I wish Martin & Co. would 've made the opening for straps bigger . Because , when it comes down to it , if your strap is bigger than 2mm thick , this thing wo n't cut it without putting work into it .
 This is a great idea . I was excited enough to order two . Unfortunately , the leather is a little too thin and , even more important , the button is not deep enough for either of my straps . You need a really thin strap to secure it on this . I 'm using one for my little travel guitar -LRB- thin strap -RRB- . The other one is still in the package .
 To use this strap button , you would think no one at Martin had ever seen a guitar . I -LRB- laboriously -RRB- attached the cheap plastic button to the headstock of my acoustic , and struggled to attach a strap that has never failed me on my electric . The effect was uncomfortable , and the strap would not stay on . For whatever reason , Martin abandoned the time-tested inverted cone strap button and went with a clunky , rounded button that does n't have enough clearance for a thick leather strap.For the same price , forget the strap and buy enough shoestrings to last a lifetime . This , combined with a particularly disappointing pack of Martin strings , has led me to give up on the once-venerable C.F. Martin & Co. .
 Purchased it to use on a 00-28 slotted headstock Martin and it just did n't fit well for me . Also found it extremely difficult to attach and remove . A string style worked a lot better , was a lot easier to attach and remove , and provided a lot more options for where it good be placed .
 The pictures were very pretty but the actual product was n't . Quality wise it looks light , still I think it 'll hold your guitar well . It was quite surprising that even after trying hard , it coud n't go though my guitar strap hole . It 's a standard size leather strap , so i refuse to blame that . The clip is too big for most of the guitar straps .
 This was a good looking accessory , but it did n't work with my guitar strap - a planet waves locking strap .
 I purchased this to go with my Planet Waves World Tour Collection Strap , and this did NOT fit . I had to buy another leather strap button to fit . I recommend the Planet Waves quick release guitar strap button . It seems to fit with more guitar straps than this one . Save yourself the frustration of trying to grapple with large strap button and go with a more universally compatible one . This strap button is WAY larger than most .
 I was excited to buy this product , but upon receiving it I was disappointed . It fits around the neck of my guitar fine , but there is not enough space under the button to properly put the strap onto it . The strap I was trying to connect is a Levi Leathers strap , and I like the strap a lot . The strap ends are made of leather , and are not &#34; light-duty . &#34; The end that attaches to the base of my guitar works fine , but the other end would not strap onto the Martin Strap Button . The button does not have enough clearance for the strap to sit in the groove provided . Could be good , but bad design unless you have a flimsy strap .
 the felts are fine but the cymbals sleeves are a total disappointment , they are soft rubber , and slip up the stand , so that they wo n't protect the cymbal for more than a minute or two . even if they stayed in place they are soft rubber , and would get eaten up pretty quickly . why not hard ABS plastic ? why not include the sleeve that has a hard plastic base , so they ca n't slide away ? this is a fine kit if you just need the felts , but i expect more from zildjian , they need to up their game if they want to claim to be the best in the industry - this really does n't live up to their reputation .
 Zildjian makes some great products and I 've been a customer of their 's for over a decade , but whoever is in charge of product development over there must have been having a stroke when he put this kit together . The sleeves are too small for my Gibraltar stands , so they 're useless to me . Amazingly , the included felts also are TOO SMALL TO FIT OVER THE INCLUDED SLEEVES . Why ?! I can not even begin to figure out what the though process was there . It 's as if they just threw random leftovers in a bag and tossed it on the shelf for 10 bucks . That fact alone makes this whole kit pretty pointless . The leather beater patch is just a piece of raggedy ultra-low-quality leather that I suppose * might * be useful in an absolute emergency , but a nice Remo falam pad is 100x more durable and only a few bucks . Washers are nice , but honestly who manages to lose those things ? I 've never lost one in 20 years of drumming.giving it one star because I at least got some use out if - the snare cords are decent enough quality and I happened to end up needing one the other day . Seems ok , time will tell if it lasts or breaks . I 've never used strings before - always had the plastic straps . Also one more star I guess , since the sleeve/felt debacle might not be a problem for you if you 're the type who likes their cymbals extremely loose , and I 'm assuming the sleeves do actually fit on other brands of cymbal stand.All in all this kit is pretty much trash . If you want a spares kit -LRB- and everyone should have one -RRB- put it together yourself using parts that actually make sense together .
 I ordered this replacement headshell at least 2 months ago , and it is still on `` backorder . '' I eventually emailed the company , and fortunately got a response the next day , but the message was no different ; the item was on backorder . Eventually , I purchased another replacement headshell from Platinum Records , -LRB- in the store , not online -RRB- . Unfortunately , that particular model did n't fit with my turntable . I am not sure if the one I ordered from JR will fit either .
 This unit proves you do n't always get what you pay for , but this story does not have a happy ending . It is worth a lot less than what you will pay for it . As others have noted , it is noisy . I found this to be true both electrically and audibly . When I turned the first one on , I could hear a hum . After connecting it to my digital recorder , I saw that I was at a fairly high and constant input level . Not good . Same for the second unit I tried . Listening to the recordings showed I was recording some type of line noise , even though I was not speaking at the time.For this test , I was running a fairly high end dynamic mic into the ART Tube PAC and the output was going to my digital recorder . As a check against this setup , I ran the mic straight into the recorder and found the sound was clean , but low volume , hence the desire for a preamp . The clean input without the added electronics showed the Tube PAC was responsible for any noise , not the mic or the recorder . I was also interested in the compressor aspects of the ART to enhance voice recordings . While I was able to tame the noise level on recordings through lowering my input level on the recorder , the compressor functions did not add anything at all to the sound . Wasted electronics.As a preamp only , it is not bad , but you are still left with the residual hum the Tube PAC introduces . Even a quick look around at other sources will find show many preamps that are a lot less expensive than this unit was . That is why I say it is not worthless , but it is worth less
 I would give it zero stars if Amazon permitted it.Save your money and get something else . For $ 200 you can get something fairly decent . This thing literally makes noise . It has a humming sound . It is also apparent in what is audible through the mix . Perhaps I had a defective one , but these things are prone to being noisy . Buyer Beware !
 I enjoyed this little guy for the first month I had it . Then , the tube fried or something . Turned it on one day and smelled like something was burnt , and the only thing coming out of it was really distorted crackles . Sure seems like at least a blown tube . Tubes are delicate , but come on , had this thing just about a month and it already fries . Really annoying . I had just thrown away the shipping box , too . I 'll contact ART support and see how they are . Really looking forward to packing , shipping , waiting , trying again with this NEW product . I 'll leave another review after I see how their support is .
 Have owned device for one year . Used to track and then dropped tracks using the USB port onto my iMac . Found this process cumbersome and time consuming.The unit continually freezes and looses all recorded material at least once every time it is used . Have changed hard drives and had repeated attempts to solve the continual issues this product has . Attempted to contact TASCAM . Found them full of superior attitude and derisive to their own customers as well as their own product.This unit will go into the trash.TASCAM has now been added to my do n't buy list . Buyer beware .
 I ordered this for my son 's birthday based on the many positive reviews . The night before his birthday , I inspected it for wrapping and discovered that It had arrived with the bridge completely separated from the body . It 's clear that this particular guitar has manufacturing defects . There are holes for 4 dowels in the bridge , but only 2 holes in the body and only one dowel used period , so it looks like only 1 dowel and a lot of glue were used to hold the bridge to the body . This is almost certainly specific to this guitar , or perhaps the batch it came from but I 'd warn anyone who orders it to inspect it carefully on arrival ! We are thankful for Amazon 's reasonable return process .
 The Luna Aurora Imagine is a terrible guitar . Purchased two of them just to find out these are toys priced as real instruments . Too many cosmetic , craftsmanship and playability flaws to mention ... in essence the Luna Imagine is a toy guitar rather than a real instrument . Complained to Luna instead of returning the guitars , and they offered free exchange for a different model and excellent support . In the end , very happy with Luna . Just stay away from the Aurora Imagine if you need a real guitar . If you are OK with overpriced toys , then you may like this one .
 UPDATE November 19 , 2011
 It 's possible that I got a lemon here , but this thing sounds terrible . I tuned it using an electronic tuner so it 's deadly accurate , and the guitar still sounds like it has loose strings . The strings bounce off the top fret and bottom fret and sounds very tingy . Again , might have just been a lemon , but it 's a major disappointment . I would not put this in the toy category , not musician category .
 Update
 i bought this along with ` musician 's friend 's ' guitar pick . i wanted the items to match but the strap is plain black and does not say musician 's friend anywhere . as far as the pick , i never got it . i emailed the company but i have not received any word - and that 's more than three weeks ago .
 I was warned about Monster Cable Quality , but did n't listen ... The right angle connector failed after the 5th use . Very weak assembly . Will probably chop the ends and put on my own quality plug . Not worth the hassle to return ...
 Only Lasted 2yr . I have a lot of cheaper cables that get more use/abuse than this one that have outlasted it .
 I am getting really impatiant , I ordered this about 2 weeks ago and put this under standered shipping but it never came . Please find out where it went or is . ~ Christopher Hwang
 I ordered the CA-30 but was sent a different model - they claimed the CA-30 was no longer made . I always thought that if a product was discontinued a product of equal or better quality and cost would be sent out .
 I ordered a Korg CA-30 and received a KORG CA-1 model in it 's place . No call or email saying that the model that I ordered was discontinued and that they would be sending me a replacement model if that was okay with me . We 'll it is not acceptable to assume that a replacement product is a viable substitute . It is not appropriate for the company selling the product to make that decision and I do not appreciate BrooksMay taking the liberty to send a replacement product with a note inside saying the product that I ordered was discontinued.In my opinion this is bad customer service and I have been waiting for the product for over a week now , so it was a real disappointment to see a replacement model . Brooks ... bad customer service . Clean up your act or others will be leaving you as well . I would have said no and purchased the product from another vendor as I will do now.Here is the message that came with the product : Attention : Thank you for your order . Korg has discontinued the CA30 and has replaced it with the Korg CA1 . The CA1 is functionally identical to the CA30 . The CA1 also features a larger speaker/microphone port and an easy access battery panel.Your order has been filled with the new CA1 . If you are unsatisfied with the item , please call 1-800-637-8966 and we will facilitate the return of the product .
 It does n't work very well . I should have gotten the newer model CA 40 .
 This unit , from the factory , has severe thermal problems . It will overheat and shut down , even under light usage . There are updates that will reduce the temperature slightly , but the best recommendation is to install a cooling fan.If you buy one of these , expect to pay $ 125 for updates and a fan to be installed . Otherwise is is essentially unreliable and useless.A cute mixer , very badly designed . I would not recommend this product to anybody .
 I 'd probably second most of what the other reviewers have said . Especially that Denon made a compact unit here - no idea why most DJ Equipment is so comically oversized -LRB- it 's certainly nothing to do with reliability :-RRB- ... -RRB- . If you want a midi controller or reasonable CD player it 's probably a good buy.The big problem that I have with this device is that I bought it with wave file playback specifically in mind & this is the functionality that has endless problems . Playback from USB requires a Denon database file be created on the storage device -LRB- flashdive or hard drive -RRB- . You can create this db on the DNS1200 -LRB- using the utility menu -RRB- or by using Denon 's provided software -LRB- PC ONLY - in spite of promises of a Mac version -RRB- . So you CAN NOT playback off USB without adding metadata/tags to the audiofiles -LRB- wavs & mps3s -RRB- and building a database on your storage device in an intermediate processing stage . Funny that a 20 buck mp3 player can do this but the DNS ca n't . This is already quite a lot of faffing about JUST to playback some wav files but the big problem is that 1/2 the time the database building routine does n't recognise metadata on the files - then if you are adding files with stuff it does n't recognise - ones that used to play do n't show up any more ... There 's many things could be causing this & yep I 'm checking thru them all . The one I ca n't check is that the bloody DNS firmware should be improved to make life easier . bah.edit
 WARNING
 It seems to be coated in some kind of plastic . It feels kind of cheap and flimsy for something &#34; leather . &#34;
 i opened this up and immediately packed it up for return . The `` leather '' on this strap is super cheap and thin . A very low quality product .
 I was hoping for something to reduce the volume while maintaining pitch . This product does n't do that . The seams on mine came apart on the second day -- I had to sew it back together . I do not recommend this product .
 The reviews have mysteriously disappeared ... so I will have to re-post from memory , but the point is , these video 's are worthless . Save yourself money ... Go on line and there are plenty of sites/forums out there now that tell you how to change strings and there are DYD 's on how to play the sitar that are far more extensive , as well as intensive , that are cheaper in price than this . All you have to do is type in `` sitar '' and you pretty much have treasure trove chock full of info .
 I 've bought several Monster Cable products for electric guitar and home audio/video systems over the past three or four decades and while all have been free from defects and performed adequately I do n't actually use any of them any more . There are simply too many better-sounding cables available , many for less money . Cables make a bigger difference than most people think and I have found that it 's worth exploring alternatives . For instrument cable I recommend Lava Cable .
 The size and general features are fine -LRB- zipper , backpack like straps , pocket in the front -RRB- but the padding is so thin . It feels like it wo n't protect the guitar at all , except against very minor tension or nicks . I think its worth it to get a more heavy duty one if you want to actually protect the guitar . If you just need it for superficial transport , it should suffice .
 The guitar bag arrived folded in half in a cardboard box . I was immediately disappointed with the very light weight nature of the unopened box containing the padded -LRB- ? -RRB- guitar bag . My trepidations were confirmed after opening the cardboard box and unfolding the item . Very insubstantial and virtually featherweight that will provide almost no protection for your rare/expensive/precious / loved guitar . Where is the padding ? ... NONE ! Not what I expected and certainly not worth the price . I would expect a non-padded guitar bag to arrive folded in half to save shipping cost . However , I would expect a padded bag to be at least semi-rigid in-form and to arrive in a full-length cardboard box . This item is not worth the money and I would not recommend this product at all ! . The word ` padded ' in this case should be stricken from the item 's description since it is not an accurate representation of this products ' content . Non-padded guitar bags begin here at ` Amazon ' for about $ 8 . Adding the word ` padded ' to this specific items ' description is not worth the inflated/doubled price -LRB- of about $ 16 -RRB- by any means ! . Again , not what I expected by any means , and I am very disappointed with the purchase .
 It is too large for a guitar . So , it is too bulky . I will go to a store and get a new case/bag that fits a guitar .
 i got this bag after reading a couple of psitive reviews on it , i dont know what i was thinking , do not get ths bag , unless you just want to protect your guitar from dust , it offers no protectiono your guitar investment , padding is so thin it almost not existing
 This bag is not worth the low price it cost , at best all it is good for is a dust cover ! There should be standards on what you can label as padded because this bag is definitely not what I would call padded ! I hope that anyone thinking of buying this product will read this review first .
 I 've been using the Rhythm Tech RT Tambourine with nickel jingles for a while and I loved it . I decided to purchase another one . I was shocked the first time I used the new one . It sounded awful , like a cheap toy . I compared the two tambourines to see if I could figure out what was wrong . Same shape , both nickel jingles , the only difference is the new awful sounding one was labeled made in China . So there ya go !
 My Freshman son said that compared to the other reeds that he has used these are very difficult to control . He found it irrationally hard to produce stable low notes .
 Skip this ox and move on . Sounds horrible . You can tune it , watch videos on tuning it and it sounds like crap . Do n't waste your money .
 It constantly crashes on me -LRB- and I tried it on two computers -RRB- . Sometimes it will open , but other times it will not . I found it impossible to rip DVD 's of television shows with multiple episodes . Besides the fact that it is not intuitive , it kept saving the newly ripped episodes over previously ripped episodes . I was , however , able to rip one movie before it crashed the last time I used it . I would recommend downloading the freeware instead .
 I am a computer programmer by trade and I can tell you that this product should have never made it to market . It constantly throws `` ActiveX object errors '' , which from a programmers view are sure sign of poor programming . I have tried the music management portion and the DVD ripping portion of the software & neither one works . Save your money on this one ; you will be glad you did . Too bad it is not possible to give negative stars , because giving it one star does n't begin to describe how bad this product is .
 Limited to burning movies . Unstable at times . Not user friendly .
 I bought Poxmaxx thinking that I would be able to control my music better . I loaded the software and it locked up my computer . I unloaded it and reloaded it and it did the same thing again . I then went on line to see if I could contact anyone at the company and there is no phone . I then sent an email and it has been a number of days with no response . I do n't even know if this stupid company is still in business.Don ' t buy this under any circumstances.Horrible product
 So far I have purchased 2 of these poor excuses for finished software . Neither ever installed properly on my PC running XP home edition . The error I kept receiving was '' computer not modified '' . On my first copy , despite entering the proper license ID and Password , it would always give me an error code that said that I had not entered the correct license ID.Save yourself the trouble and frustration . This company should send all of its customers who purchased the previous terrible versions either full rebates or the latest version , assuming that PoddMax 09 actually works which I doubt . I really wanted all the features to work but alas , none ever did on my desktop or laptop . Support for any of these problems was totally non existent . It is as close to a sham as I have ever seen . Amazon should be ashamed of itself for carrying this piece of trash.Podmaxx 09
 The box says Podmaxx 09 , and compatible with IPhone . Well , the software is apparently the same as 08 . The program will not recognize my IPhone even though it shows up on my computer as a portable storage device.The worst part though ... ZERO support . The only option is filling out a form on their website which is another waste of time because they wo n't respond . I have requested assistance twice and not as much as an email in return.I ca n't say if this would work on iPod , and I wo n't try it on mine because I need it for my iPhone.Don ' t waste your money if you are buying it for an iPhone . Try the evaluation copy and you can see it does not work , and they should n't be advertising that it does .
 Ive tried Podmaxx on a XP Pro desktop and a Visa Laptop . Does not work on either.Customer services asks the usual questions about operating system etc. but then disappears.Dont waste your money on this program .
 In this case , the `` trailer is better than the movie . '' I tried Podmaxx ' 08 , the next release , on two machines . It would not install on a Vista machine , but did install on the XP machines . This software is not ready for prime time , as few features worked as claimed . I really wanted this to work and fulfill some of the claims .
 If I could give this product NO stars I WOULD ! HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE ! They do not offer a phone number for Tech Support and when you email them , they NEVER reply ! I used there product for a few months and even gave them a positive review on it , but then it STOPPED WORKING !!!!!!!!! I had the 2007 Podmaxx BUT WARNING ... . The 2008 Podmaxx IS WORSE !!!! It will NOT record ANY DVDS in your Collection EXCEPT for home DVDs !!!! DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS !
 This program should be shareware at best . Program is poorly written and designed and if you need to reinstall you have to contact the company and fax them a copy of the original cd . A lot of work for a product that was not ready to be released in the first place ! Do n't waste your money !
 This guitar is terrible . It ca n't keep a tune , and plays as well as an armless drummer.Horrible , horrible .
 I 'm very hard of hearing . I bought this instrument with the idea that I could measure the sound levelsfrom my TV and radio and find out what people with normal hearing hear . That way I would n't beturning my devices up too loud . However this gadget does n't offer an average sound level measurementand it 's impossible to use for that purpose . Exactly what it 's supposed to be used for I have no idea andthe &#34; instructions &#34; that came with it are so vague as to be useless .
 When i received the guitar all the strings were touching the 1st ,2 nd ,3 rd , and 4th frets ... It was a birthday present and pissed me off that i had to return it and go buy something else for my son .
 This product was not what I expected it to be . It was so light weight , it never would have stayed in one spot for very long . I threw it in the garbage .
 I did not like the fact that this microphone needs a hard to find battery which is not included in the box it was sold .
 DO NOT BUY THIS MICROPHONE IF YOU CARE ABOUT WHETHER OR NOT YOU ARE ACTUALLY RECORDING A SESSION OR NOT . Steer clear !!! These mikes might look great , but of what use are they when they need a battery and there is no low battery indicator ? There is absolutely no way to know that you 're not getting a recording until you try to play something back and there 's nothing there or it 's faint sounding . What a useless microphone !! You also have to turn the microphone on and off on the bottom which is difficult to do because of the switch design and if you forget to turn it off , you 'll run your battery down . Arrh !! This is the worst waste of money of my whole life ... Thankfully , I only bought two , and they are not terribly expensive.As a court repoorter , I 'm always looking for new equipment and thought I would try these mikes for court as they looked low key and would be a nice addition to my microphone stable . I did n't see in the specs that they also require batteries -LRB- which by the way , do n't come with the microphones -RRB- and I bought them only to find they would be of no use to me in my work as I ca n't run the risk of not getting a perfect recording each time.Do not buy these microphones -- any microphone that needs independent batteries and does n't have a low battery indicator is worthless . I highly recommend the Labtec VERSE 333 MON MOUNT MIC -LRB- 980184-0403 -RRB- which are available on Amazon and are cheaper than the Sony . They have identical plugs and are about the same size . I have three of them and they work great . I have never had a problem . I take down courtrooms , public meetings in large rooms , depositions -- and I get everything clearly enough to be able to provide a perfect transcript to my clients .
 I picked this small mic to use with collaboration tools at my desk ... and since it was Sony figured it would be a great product . WRONG !! Unless you hold the mic almost against your mouth , it wo n't pick up your audio . I tried adjusting my mic levels and nothing seemed to work . I ended up at Radio Shack to buy a lapel mic that actually works !! This is buy far the WORST Sony product I have ever used .
 I am a musician , I bought one , it is so bad , the sound is so small , it is not sensitive , I can not use it . just throw away . Do not waste your money even it is 1 dollar.Luke Thanh Hoang
 It did n't pick up the voice sound clear at all . Sounded like i was in left field trying too get a voice Level for recording my singing . For me , not good , but for someone else that justs needs it in a conferance room , maybe it will work fine . Thanks Again .
 I tried to use this microphone with my laptop to record my classes but unfortunately it was very poor and my laptop built in microphone has a better quality and sensitivity !
 Mike does not work . Tried it out and earphones work fine , however , mike did not . No instructions . Small plastic battery holder.What is it ?
 I was hoping to use the CM-500 headphone/microphone for project recording , and possibly performance . But I never could get the microphone to work . It came with some dorky battery-power for it ; maybe I already destroyed it when my mixer gave it 48v phantom power . -LRB- MOTU Traveler firewire sound card . -RRB- The headphones are ok , I guess.Maybe these are great for gaming , plugged directly into a computer . I would n't know .
 `` Product DescriptionClosed-ear headphones with dynamic mic `` These DO NOT have a dynamic mic element . They have an ELECTRET mic element . . at least the pair I received sure does as it 's clearly stated right on the front of the package in big letters `` CM500 Headset With Electret Microphone `` that 's why they come with the little battery box as an electret element needs power to the element where a dynamic element does n't . I should have returned these as soon as I saw that as for my needs I prefer a dynamic microphone
 It states its got a dynamic mic . It does not . It has an electret mic and a battery box in series with the microphone to provide power . It states the phones are noise cancelling - not really . They reduce outside noise passively by covering your ears , but there is no active noise cancellation . This is not the product it appears to be .
 Cheap plastic , received in a broken condition ! Upon opening the package found the microphone hanging by a wire . The plastic part that swivels the microphone on the ear piece was broken and would not stay in place .
 A layer of very thin `` pleather '' material began immediately flaking off of the ear pad foam rings and head padding area . Then after minimal use / 3 weeks , one of the ear piece 's snapped off in my son 's hand as he removed the headphones from his head.Crap construction .
 I had a similar product for a couple years from Koss
 Headset for $ 40 - $ 50 with noise cancelling and a mic . It 's a good deal , and it 's comfortable . The only problem is the bass . It 's horribly out of control . If I change the equalizer on my computer , then the headset either sounds worse , or very dull . After 10 minutes my ear drums hurt from the spew of garbage it produces . I would only recommend this headset for casual music . The mic has a bit of a buzz , but it 's still good . 2/5
 I work from home and am on a ton of phone calls . Most headsets are small and wireless , which is great but they sacrifice sound quality and comfort -LRB- think 90 minute calls -RRB- for convenience . I thought these would give me great sound and comfort at the price of being bulky and corded , which is fine for me.The reality is they will work with my droid ... kind of . Sound is great most the time , but occasionally it 's super faint . Most of the time the mic works almost too well as I had a co-worker point out I should mute while making tea because it was audible - something my two bluetooth headsets never picked up . But sometimes the mic just does n't work , or I 'm so faint no one can understand me . Also the sound only plays in my left ear . I suspect the converter is mono and there may be a workaround for this but I have n't investigated yet.Overall the headset works fine about 90 % of the time , but that 's just not good enough so back they go .
 The Omega is an attractive unit compared to others at the same price range -LRB- $ 150 as of April 2012 -RRB- . I could have got a Focusrite or PreSonus at the same price but with much less features . This offered more channels , digital I/O , the very wonderful Pantheon reverb and nice monitoring features . * HOWEVER * the Lexicom is SUCH A PAIN IN THE B * TT with Windows 7 . The drivers , although updated in 2011 and are supposed to support Win 7 64-bit , almost never function correctly with any piece of audio software . I use several including Cubase , Reason and a few others , but even with just Cubase -LRB- which comes bundled with the unit -RRB- I have to ... - uninstall the drivers - perform a factory re-set on the Omega - re-install the drivers - re-boot the pc - delete the Cubase preferences - Start and configure Cubase to use the Lexicon AISO drivers - keep my fingers crossed that all that works because even then it does n't always.And that 's EVERY TIME I want to hook up the Omega to Cubase.And do n't think that this is just me playing around because I do n't know what I 'm doing ... I DO know what I 'm doing when it comes to sound equipment and , more importantly , the above instruction came from Lexicon support when I wrote to them about the problems I had with the drivers.So , bottom-line ... do n't buy this if you plan on using it with Win 7 64-bit . Maybe other OS 's fare better ...
 Earlier this month -LRB- July 2011 -RRB- , I ordered a Lexicon Omega Desktop Recording Studio . When it arrived -LRB- in a very timely manner -RRB- , I was elated ! Following all of the instructions for connecting the thing to my desktop , I could never get it to work as advertised . Finally , it corrupted my host computer to the point that I could not get any sound at all from my desktop ! Stienberg 's Support Services were top notch in trying to assist me with this issue , but subsequently , the thing simply would not work , so I had to return it . I will now have to spend additional money to get the sound back on my desktop , something that I am not at all happy about having to do . I think that the Lexicon Omega would be an excellent addition to anyones ' home recording studio ... . if you can get it to work as advertised .
 I 've owned this interface for about a year and a half . After about three months of moderate use it started acting up on me -LRB- such as disconnecting -RRB- . These things continued to get worse with more time and after about it year it stopped working altogether . I will give it that the sound quality was fair and Cubase LE is n't a bad ` out of the box ' recording program . Furthermore , the preamps leave something to be desired . I was able to get a few decent sounding recordings out of it while it lasted , but I could have spent my money much more effectively on another product . I would recommend something by PreSonus or M-Audio .
 Horrible support for the MAC , despite claims that it is compatible with 10.4 and above . The software reverb is VST not AU and will not install in 10.5 . There is nowhere on the companies support page that even mentions the Mac version . All of the controls are on the hardware including routing and volume as well as live input mix . Routing is problematical and is made very unclear when in apps using the interface . Logic had no problems getting signal , but Guitar Rig 2 and 3 could n't get signal no matter what I did -LRB- if I cant get it to work , I 'm returning the unit . -RRB- Sound quality is adequate and I were only using Logic I would have scored it at 3 or 4 .
 PROS - Low Price . Decent Mic preamps and converters . Pantheon Reverb is high quality . Good signal routing features.CONS - Cheap plastic casing . Limited applications - the Pantheon plug-in sounds good , but will ONLY WORK in the version of Cubase LE they ship - which is buggy . Big Letdown.Also , the USB installer is buggy . From time to time I get a `` Found New Hardware ' message and things stop working until I reboot to a previous configuration . HASSLE -LRB- sigh -RRB- . You get what you pay for . I only purchased this because at the time the EMU1820m was out of stock.I 've also got an Echo Layla interface -LRB- paid $ 700 new -RRB- from 1998 that still runs GREAT under WinXP , worth every penny.Now if the Layla from 1998 will run flawlessly on XP , and one released last year will not , it 's obvious that the Lex was rushed into production , COMPROMISED all the way.The Lexicon Omega is rubbish .
 I had problems getting this to work . After several attempts with the manufacturer , I gave up and sent it back . The tech was very helpful , but nothing I tried would resolve the problem .
 Simply put , this item is not reliable . Do not expect it to capture that perfect 100th take of your next single when you finally get it after weeks and weeks of takes . This thing will happily glitch out , distory the audio , not record , or otherwise horribly botch even the simplest of recording tasks . I replaced this unit with a MOTU ultralite and am now much happier . The MOTU is somewhat smaller , but MUCH heavier , as it is constructed of metal . -LRB- The Omega seems to be made mostly of cheap injection molded plastic -RRB- I never could get this to work properly with my studio monitors or headphones either . I bought this for a mobile setup , and have no such problems with the Digidesign 003 mixer/interface I use at home , or the MOTU ultralite I ultimately purchased to replace this flakey incident-prone product.Do yourself a favor , you 're better off with your computer 's built in sound card than this device . At least the built in one works .
 I have owned this cinder block for about 5 years now . I purchased it back when it was relatively new . I was excited at all the possibilities . This was my first experience with a usb interface of any sort , so when it failed to work properly from day one I had just assumed it was operator error . I tried repeatedly over the last several years to get this thing to work , but it just sits there collecting dust . I kick myself for not realizing the product was faulty from the start and not returning it proir to the warranty expiring . Now I cant even give it away because everyone knows this product is garbage . Last night I felt creative inspiration , and decided to take the omega out and give it another shot . I downloaded new drivers , uninstalled and reinstalled , plugged in and plugged out , lit candles and did a rain dance ... this thing still sucks . I came here and saw other reviewers were having all the same problems I have been having with it , so I decided to add another review in hopes that I may help save someone the trouble of ever having to deal with a horrible lexicon product in the future . How can they get away with this?If it says lexicon , run the other way ... . I know I will !!!
 This product worked for about one month before it started having problems communicating with my computer . I ended up needing some kind of hardware update that was downloadable . This fixed the problem for a while and then it started quitting on me again and again . At first I could restart the computer and get it to work for about ten minutes at a time . That fix was only temporary . I got something else and forgot about it for about a year and then tried using it again . It worked again for a brief time and now does n't work at all . It 's also got some kind of digital noise interference that is bothersome for any serious musical work . I used it just to sketch out ideas so not a big problem there for me.Additionally , let me say that I am very disappointed with Cubase LE -LRB- that came with the Lexicon -RRB- and their parent company Steinberg . I have had a lot of problems getting the latest version of Cubase 6 LE came with a different piece of equipment and it 's been a nightmare to get it registered . Back and forth with customer service having to download various `` e-licensure '' software and install it just to register the product . Very frustrating . I would n't recommend Cubase or the Lexicon for those reasons .
 Buyers considering buying the Lexicon Omega need to pay serious heed to the plethora of negative reviews they 'll find on this -LRB- and other -RRB- sites . Like others here , I have experienced severe problems with the Omega since setting it up a few weeks ago.Things started out alright
 it works fine for the first few months then it kills your computer . This murdered my macbook pro . i cant even hardly type on this mac becuase it distorted the button . it disconnects everytime i record . not worth the money at all .
 You will see basically two kinds of reviews for the Lexicon Omega
 I 've owned the Lexicon Omega for 2 years . It worked for a few months , then began behaving very erratically . It will connect/disconnect from the computer constantly , and even caused my computer to get the ` blue screen of death . ' -LRB- My computer has never been the same and I am having to replace it now . -RRB- I returned it to the manufacturer while it was still under warranty . However , it still did not work when they returned it to me . Now it is out of warranty . It definitely has defective craftsmanship . I have heard some good reviews for this product , so if you get a good one , then you are in luck . However I 'm not willing to take that chance again . I definitely do NOT recommend this product to anyone .
 I wish I could write a good review for this product . From the day I bought it , I have had nothing but problems with it . First time i used it , it was OK - but that was about it . I tried recording some demos for an acoustic band and was embarrassed by the unit 's lack of repeatability - and I mean in simple tasks like getting a selected input to work . Right now the unit acts as a paper weight because my computer wo n't ever recognize it . Reaper ca n't see it , audacity ca n't see it . When I download the omega software , I get nothing that actually recognizes the piece of hardware , just a start menu folder that has 2 PDF files and an option to reinstall and an options to uninstall.I truly wish this unit would work simply . I just want a simple recording unit to catch a couple tracks at a time . My family is on an incredibly tight budget and I ca n't keep buying 200 dollar gimmicks that make an attempt at recording to PC . I have tried two other recording setups , one from Korg , and a stand alone unit . To date I have found nothing that works well .
 I 've given this product a chance as an owner for over a year now but the quality is just terrible . After purchasing the Lexicon Omega the device would disconnect about 5 times a day and I would have no sound until I unplugged and replugged the USB/power in a specific order . Lexicon was very helpful and replaced the mainboard in a timely manner.Since then the sound quality has been slowly deteriorating to the point where I now have a constant hiss that continues to get louder . When I turn the level knob I get extremely loud hissing and popping around the 25 % mark . Sometimes the levels between the two speakers do n't match and I have to make minor adjustments to the level knob until they match back up.I 've decided to ditch the Lexicon for a more reputable product .
 My daughter , who 's really good at this stuff , could never getr the software that comes with it to work right , so she had to use different software . And 18 months later it 's falling apart , with the jacks loose and staticy .
 I have worked with this unit for far too long with too many computers . I have finally given up . Now I have to get this off my chest and hope to save some others who , like me , really hoped this was a great answer to recording at a great price . It 's not . It 's junk . I keep trying to believe that there is something I could do with this unit . But I ca n't . It is cheaply built , it records badly , the drivers do n't install right , Cubase LE is worthless , the Pantheon ` Verb is a joke -LRB- might be OK if you are doing some REALLY cheesy new age stuff , but even then it would be a thick wad of cheese fluff -RRB- . There is nothing worth having in this package . Buy something else . Buy ANYTHING else . Buy a cheap hand held cassette recorder . At least you can record with it . Better yet , by a Zoom H4 and download audiocity and you will have the ultimate portable studio for home and live . I wish I did ...
 I 've given this product a chance as an owner for over a year now but the quality is just terrible . After purchasing the Lexicon Omega the device would disconnect about 5 times a day and I would have no sound until I unplugged and replugged the USB/power in a specific order . Lexicon was very helpful and replaced the mainboard in a timely manner.Since then the sound quality has been slowly deteriorating to the point where I now have a constant hiss that continues to get louder . When I turn the level knob I get extremely loud hissing and popping around the 25 % mark . Sometimes the levels between the two speakers do n't match and I have to make minor adjustments to the level knob until they match back up.I 've decided to ditch the Lexicon for a more reputable product .
 When I get a signal to the recording soft wear the audio is just a staticy mess most of the time . Or , for the five times it 's recorded with little or no static , the levels are far too quiet even with the volume all the way up . Yes , just five times in over four years.When I got this interface I 'd sit down with it and after adjusting settings for an hour or two , trying to get a signal , it would n't record . To keep from smashing it in frustration I 'd need to take several weeks or months off . Then I 'd try again , with the same results . And again.And again.And again.And again ... I bought it from Sweetwater so tried their message boards for more info and pointers . The info was never specific enough for my set up , citing settings or functions my soft wear does n't have.I tried other message boards . Google . The manufacturer 's website . Asked friends . Got one of Sweetwater 's tech support guys on the phone and he did everything he could think of . I sent it back to Sweetwater and they could n't get it to work so they sent it to the manufacturer who said it was fine -LRB- and I 'm not so sure I believe them after all that I 've tried to get it to work . -RRB- When I took it to Guitar Center last week one of the employees did get it to work in the store after over two hours of working on my DAW settings and I meticulously took screen caps and notes for all the settings . When I got it home , with the exact same settings , it recorded static again . After a re-boot it recorded a slightly staticy guitar sound that was too quiet to be of much use , even after I turned both the guitar 's and Omega 's volume pots up.I 've installed , re-installed , un-installed , updated , re-updated , rebooted , restarted , closed and re-opened , jiggled cables , adjusted , tried other ports/jacks/cables / plugs , and reset EVERYTHING several times.It still does n't work right.Now I pretty much have an $ 180 paper weight . I do n't have so much as one good sound clip from this thing after bending over backward and jumping though every hoop . The only reason I do n't beat it into tinny bits with a big rock and throw it onto a bond fire while screaming in manacle laughter is because , someday , I might , maybe , get the * & % $ ing thing to work right.I made a web page of my screen caps/notes to help other people who need to work with this and have a similar set up . Alas , I ca n't post a link here , but I will find a way to direct you to it.If you have questions/comments/or info on how I might get this to work better , please comment on here and I 'll do my darndest to reply .
 The bag is nice enough , but it 's just that , a bag . I ordered it thinking it was a case for my daughter 's clarinet , only to see that it is a bag for a case . I suppose if I needed such a bag , this would fit the bill . However , since it is just a bag , after all , I could easily find one that was of equal quality for less than the nearly $ 30 I paid for this one .
 The used mic being offered here has a loose capsule and was just returned by me after a long hassle with the seller , Audiomidi.com . But a new one with Amazon 's return policy instead of taking a chance by saving $ 9 .
 This mute is quite a good idea I have to admit , but its quality is far from satisfaction . First , the air resistance is much larger than I expected . Its amazing that an electronic mute could have little resistance as this one does , but you have to keep in mind that the so-called `` least '' resistance among similar products does not mean it does not have resistance at all . A quite substantial difference does exist when I put the mute on . Second , the sound that comes out of the earphone is a bit disappointing as well - again , it is good , but far from being realistic . It is very important for nonprofessionals , especially beginners , to learn to hear their own sound , but the mute just basically kills the true sound.My point is , compared to other alternatives , the Yamaha mute is in the top tier , but for that price it has , it is not worthwhile to purchase it . You will certainly get very disappointed . Maybe I expected too much , but this mute is really not that much different from a $ 10 cup mute . Try it for yourself before you decide to buy it .
 The only reason I can see to purchase the silent brass system is if you have to play in a noisy environment where you have trouble hearing yourself . Then it makes sense to have the pick and ear phones . Otherwise , do n't bother.The silent brass system -LRB- $ 119 -RRB- is not silent . It is slightly quieter than a Harmon mute -LRB- $ 30 -RRB- , has more back pressure and weighs more . If you are in a room by yourself , you do n't need the silent brass system . Use a cup mute or Harmon mute and save the money .
 We 've returned one of these units only to find that the replacement has the same issue with poor manufacturing quality . The 1/8 '' jack on the body of the mute is loose . This creates a loud ` pop ' through the line . If you 're listening through headphones -- the whole point of this product -- you 'll be treated to a painfully loud series of cracks and pops whenever the cord moves . The mute otherwise works as advertised .
 I bought the Yamaha SB79 Silent brass system because I live in an apartment building . I had not tried the product prior to buying it . Using the mute does make my cornet quiet enough to use in my apartment , however it creates a tremendous back pressure . This back pressure hurts my ears and gives me a headache . When using the earphones , the sound is unacceptble . It is advertised as creating Concert hall sound quality , but it only provides a tin like sound which is louder than the muted cornet .
 I am a pro player and recently spent some time in an apartment where i just can not play the open horn . After being aware of this product for many years i reluctantly gave in to purchasing it through necessity . This proved to be a near disasterous move . I should have known since so few serious players ever talk about it or make any use of it . The back pressure is like trying to blow up a car tyre and the intonation is terrible . All this makes you change your embouchure to compensate - which quickly resulted in serious damage to my playing mechanics that have taken me months to repair . Thankfully may lip is back to its best now whilst the Silent Brass lies dormant in a corner of the room . Now you know why so many are available on ebay . I 'd like to say that it is at least handy for limited use but i ca n't . If you have to play quietly a good tin mute - which is n't much any louder than the ` Silent ' Brass - is a better option , but you should practise open horn as much as possible if you want to develop/maintain the quality of your playing . How other reviewers here can sing the praises of this item i have no idea - steer well clear .
 Hello , This is the second of two music CD 's we bought on line . They are DEFECTIVE ! We tried playing them on more than 3 computers , belonging to as many people , and they will not correctly download or play correctly . DO NOT BUY THIS ON LINE . WE GOT RIPPED ! I can not recommend this as a means of ordering this product . When I get a replacement , I will go thru a store , because I can not get my money back.Dr . Byron L. ReidSenior Music EditorLeoma Music Company
 I am on my third one . If you gig at all and use a POD , these power supplies will break eventually . The cord coming out of the box part has frayed and broke and the connector on the end shorted out . I am switching over to the rack mounted unit because these crappy things are the only way to power a POD .
 I ordered the power supply as a replacement for my old one that broke and i needed it pretty bad . Well i spent the extra money to get the part by the next day and it said ill get it the next day . One problem is i never got it . The last known place that it was is Phx and i dont live there i live 1 hour away ! The tracking says its left Phx but i havent seen it for a few days now .
 This pick is about as stiff as a new playing card , or maybe just a little stiffer . Before buying , go get a deck of cards and try strumming your guitar with one . If it feels right , these may be for you . They did n't work for me at all . But I still love the large size and shape . I think I 'll try this style again , but in a much thicker pick .
 Worst mic terrible quality ! Save your money and spend another 100 on a mic ! It sounds like something you would buy at wal-mart if you want a really good mic go with a mic around 200 to 300 !
 The photo and description describes this order as being multiple trumpet mutes . In reality it is only the copper bottom straight trumpet mute . So be aware that you are only getting this mute and not others as show in the photo or suggested by the description that starts with the phrase `` Trumpets Mutes '' .
 Pretty hard to play for beginner bass . It 's too expensive for the quality it provides . I suggest that you look up craigslist for used bass and amp sale . Yamaha and Fender squire make better beginner bass than Silvertone package . I have had this for 3 years and finally got an albanez bass and fenders amp to replace.After using it on daily basis , these are my opinions : Pros : The color is great for this bass , and the shipping was fast . Everything was included in the picture , easy transaction.Cons : The bass does not have many frets , and the neck does n't stay straight . I had a professional friend to fix it for me and the first string still rattles like crazy after a few weeks . When it does n't rattle is when we loosen the neck and it was so hard to press down the string.The tuner does not work period.The Amp produces very small sound , and after 1 year of usage it makes some weird noises on it 's own .
 This is my first review and feel bad its a negative one . After shopping around for months I finally found the bass I wanted . The picture of the Silvertone LB11 showed a Cobalt/Dark Blue body , gold bridge , gold strings , gold keys , all gold hardware and lettering . The look of gold on dark blue sold me . When the bass arrived it was n't the same one depicted in the picture , no gold anything , all silver . It 's said a picture is worth a thousand words , but in this pictures case its just one word , deceptive ! One very , very disappointed customer.Silvertone LB11 Bass & Amp Package , Cobalt/Dark Blue
 I bought this with an interest to play bass . I 've been interested in it for a long time but not sure if I 'd actually like it or stick with it . Sadly this bass is n't even good for beginners . Sure it is really cheap , only $ 190 when I bought mine , but it was a regretful purchase that turned into a speedy return , thank you Amazon for your painless return process , had my money refunded in only 2 days.The amp and accessories included are n't bad . I did n't find the instructional video to be that helpful at all . The bass bag has no padding at all . Now for the bass itself . I did n't know anything was wrong with it until I brought it in to a shop . I did have humming issues and was told that the bridge and truss bar needed adjusting and to have that done proffesionally . Well , I snapped the E String trying to tune it so I brought it in to get a new string . While there , the gentleman recomended I not adjust the truss bar or bridge as it will do nothing to remove the humming . The issue is that the frets were not properlly aligned . I had dead notes all along the A string and also on some higher parts of the neck on other strings . The D String Tuning Knob would n't even tune the D String at all and eventually would n't even keep it taught . The bass was unplayable at this point.I knew this was nothing more than a begginner kit with the mindset to upgrade later . But seriously , if you know it is something you will stick with , save yourself the $ 190 and just buy big now . For only $ 300 -LRB- $ 110 more -RRB- , a full starter kit from Squier -LRB- by Fender -RRB- is much nicer and will last longer for your needs -LSB- Just search for the Squier Affinity which you can get in either Precision Bass or Jazz Bass styles -RSB- . Personally , I 'm going to be buying the following : - Squier -LRB- by Fender -RRB- Standard Jazz Bass , Antique Burst -LRB- $ 270 -RRB- -LSB- do n't like the color options of the Affinity and would rather spend a little more for the better product at this point , the vintage and deluxe models are too much for me but I 'd rather have a little better than the Affinity -RSB- - VOX Bass amPlug -LRB- $ 50 -RRB- -LSB- would rather have a headphone amp since I 'll be practicing at home and sitting around friends inbetween classes at college , if I want to actually rock out loud , I can line out to speakers instead of headphones , such as my 75 Watt Shelf Stereo System -RSB- - Other Accessories -LRB- ~ $ 50 -RRB- -LSB- like a bag , tuner , cable -RSB- Of course , this time I 'm not buying based on reviews of other beginners from Amazon . I 'm buying based on recomendations and assistance from a Guitar/Bass Technician of 20 years experience , Bass player of 40 years experience , and Guitarist of 6 years experience.Sure , I ca n't comment on the quality of the products I am going to buy as I have n't tested them yet -LRB- I will be trying out the Squier Affinity at my local shop as they are shipping it from one of their other affiliated local shops -RRB- . But look at it this way . Good Guitars/Basses are not cheap , heck , the cheapest Fender Bass you can get on Amazon is $ 550 for the most basic model . If you know that it is something you are going to stick with , there is no way you can stick with the Silvertone . You know you will spend more money down the road . Think of it as a long term investment . You can either spend $ 190 now on a bass that may be defective -LRB- hint , they do n't have serial numbers , that is a bad sign according to the Technician above -RRB- or if anything wo n't last you beyond just practicing . Or spend another $ 100 for a much much better bass and amp that will definetly last you and can do a little more than just practicing with -LRB- like showing off to friends -RRB- . Or like me and spend double for something a lot better and will last more than just practicing and save money on upgrading . Obviously , I 'll have to invest in a better bass -LRB- maybe 3-5 years down the road -RRB- and in an amp eventually but for practicing all you need is something that will let you know how hard to play each string -LRB- I did n't even think an amp was necessary for practicing but according to the Bass player above , you ca n't get the right feel for how hard to play each string -LSB- as it is different for each string -RSB- unless it is amplified -RRB- . Basically , this is all a word of caution . Do what works for you , but please do not base your purchase on testimonials from others . Talk to the pros about this first and get their help . Sure , I 'm spending $ 370 as a beginner , that may be way over budget for you . But $ 300 needs to be your minimum . If you are already going to drop $ 190 , then please fork up another $ 110 to save yourself more money in the long run as well as to prevent headaches.Update : It is now months later , I have since returned all my accessories except for my Squier Standard Jazz Bass and purchased an Amp -LRB- Acoustic B200 for $ 350 -RRB- , a multi-effects pedal -LRB- Boss ME-20B for $ 170 -RRB- , and bought a better tuner and cables . I 'm am extremely happy with my decisions and regret absolutely nothing . I 'm currently taking lessons and my improvement has been great -LRB- my instructor thinks my bass is pretty descent -RRB- . I could n't be happier . I stand by what I said earlier , spend a couple of bucks more and buy the Squier Affinity kits linked below.Squier by Fender Stop Dreaming-Start Playing Set
 I bought this for my son for Christmas . The packaging was in good shape but the guitar a huge 3 '' x .5 '' gouge in the body . There were no signs of transportation damage so it must of happened at the manufacturer -LRB- in China -RRB- . Obviously the quality control from this manufacturer is poor . Amazon 's return proces on the other hand is 1st rate . They had a new one sent out right away and should have it by 12/30 . Hopefully the next one arrives in good condition . It 's just dissapointing to see the look on your childs face when the present they 've been looking forward too getting for so long is broken and has to return it . Thanks Silvertone , thanks allot.Update ... The new arrived in different packaging this time . This package looks like actual Silvertone printed point-of-sale packaging whereas the bad one was in plain brown cardboard box . Perhaps it was repackaged ? The new one works and looks fine .
 Got the guitar , and was way out of tune , the nut was broke , causeing the strings to lay on the frets . had to take it to be repaired 2 days after getting it . And the neck also has to be adjusted . The amp is the only thing that worked properlly .
 Worst buy I have ever made.My advice to to never even glance towards the picture . LOLIt was warped and unplayable . Had to send back.Take this advice . PLEASE , its not worth it !
 So after I waited 10 days for my 7 day shipping I open the box up and everything looks nice . The guitar was new and looks expensive . But the amp was smaller than I expected but worked fine . First thing wrong was the manufacturer did n't ship me the cable to connect the Bass to the Amp -LRB- Thank God my brother had a spare -RRB- . After that I noticed the guitar buzzing a lot . I played around for 3 hours to find out what was causing the buzzing when I played and It turns out the neck of the guitar was bent out of shape . I try loosening the Truss rod but It did n't change a thing . After another 2 hours of work I took a good look at the neck and I realized it was warped back and twisted to the left . I took it to a guitar shop and they said the damage was irreversible . I was angry to say the least . HOWEVER amazon did a great job taking care of returning the product . Bottom line - do n't buy guitars online , you never know what junk you might get .
 THE BASS AND EVERYTHING THAT CAME WITH IT WAS AWESOME BUT THE MANUFACTURER DID NOT SHIP THE BUNDLE WITH THE CONNECTION TO BASS AMP , THEY NEVER EMAILED OR CALLED ME BACK ABOUT AND AMAZON ALSO DID NOTHING ... SO NOW I 'M RUNNING AROUND TRYING TO FIND THE DAMN THING ! :O -LRB-
 bought this and took it to be set up at the guitar center it is not worth it went there and wnded up getting a better guitar at the same price no amp but I would rather but it spererate and have a bass that works and sounds good not just throw $ at the wind and have a piece of junk to show for it . ; -LRB-
 silvertones suck . theyre heavy . as in weighs a lot . but they 're pretty , if thats all you 're going by .
 I got this bass for my son and this is what he wrote . The amp , cable , and bass are okay but the rest is very cheap.The bass wo n't go in and out of the bag easily . The tuner broke in a week and the video does n't really help . The strap wore out in couple of months and snapped while I was playing . The bass broke on the inside in the first week of playing -LRB- my uncle fixed it -RRB- . This bass is good if you are n't sure if you are going to stick to playing bass .
 this unit did not come in protective packaging , ... it was missing a button and the mastering light to a very important feature did not work , . .
 Having worked in Recording studios for 20 years , I feel confident in making this statement . Worst designed piece of gear if you intend to use a microphone ; Why , because it can not and will not work.Was pulling my hair out trying to trouble shoot my dad 's unit across country by phone . Any mic signals that he got to record were barely audible and that was at full mic gain and full monitor level . Nothing made sense until I saw the spec.Tascam engineers apparently feel that your mics , plugged into their XLR input will work with no additional gain . Check their spec sheets if you can find it . XLR input , nominal input level , -8 dbu . I thought it was a typo until I saw the problem we were trying to correct . -8 Dbu is not even nominal level for a cassette machine output to give you zero vu . Much less a mic operating at -50 Db or more lower . This spec should read at least -50 dbu . Results , you can not record ANY mic at a high enough level to be heard.Bottom line , Tascam did not include a mic pre-amp in this design . Their claims of the device working with mics , -LRB- note the phantom power they provide -RRB- is pure false advertising at this point . If you buy this , be prepared to return it so Tascam can modify it , refund it , or replace it.Tascam has build some decent stuff in the past . How they could have let something like this slip buy is truly awe-inspiring .
 I started 42 years ago recording . Working my way up to my own Tascam 8 Track & 3216 board with a full blown Studio with 3 PB64 patch bays . Yep ! I had more bell and whistles than most 24 track studios . Tascam has gotten a lot of my money over the years.OK , so I inherit this DP-01 , My gosh it took me 20 minutes to figure out how to open the CD tray . I 've read lots of books on home recording starting with Craig Anderton Home Recording . The Tascam DP-01 Instruction manual does not translate well . Yea , there is a big learning curve on digital recording when you are coming from analog.But , If Tascam wants anymore of my money they need to put out step by step manuals with lots of pictures or at least get me for another 49.95 for a how to DVD . The problem is now my DP-01 which still smells new , is getting old and dated -LRB- What 's Next ? -RRB- . I 'm left to read and re-read a badly written manual . Gaw 'd what a headache .
 The 18 '' Splash Cymbal had been beaten in transit ... I just want to return the bad one , but amazon requires me to send the complete kit . What about a large screen tv with a defective remote control ? Do I need to send the tv ??? It 's a waste of time and money . More garbage to the world , more fuel and more shipping expenses .
 This baton seemed like a deal , but it really is n't . it was warped before i took it out of the wrapper and just got worse and worse . The handle is way too large and feels like a wooden toy . If you 're looking for a cheap baton , look at the King Davids . They 're pretty cheap and much better quality . It was definitely worth an extra 2 bucks to go to another brand .
 Been using for years -- the wood really gives it a great natural sound . Reeds last a reasonsble amount of time with moderate abuse . Can blow them them out but sounds GOOD doing it !
 As a basic learning guitar -LRB- chords and strumming -RRB- , I guess its okay , but it has the potential to be much more . First some background , I am a casual guitarist and have been playing for 10 + years . My comments are as follows.The sound from the on-board speaker is frankly quite mediocre -LRB- but understandably so -RRB- , the ` strings ' could be a bit tighter , and they are not sensitive enough - when I hit -LRB- or pluck -RRB- a string , sometimes there is no sound ... you have to hit it hard enough to get a sound . There seem to be no way to adjust the tightness of the string or the sensitivity.The lighted frets only go up to the 6th fret . It would have been nice to go all the way to the 12th fret , but this is probably a cost issue . Also , rather than limit the guitar to just strumming and chords , it would have been great if it also taught you how to ` pluck , for example , simple classical pieces . Lighted frets right up to the 12th fret would be essential for this . Open string could easily be represented by an LED at the bridge.If this was implemented , it would be so much better as a the ` teaching ' guitar . As it is , it is very limited , hence the 2 stars . I would have returned it if I could , but since I do not live in the U.S. the shipping costs would have been very expensive .
 I bought this item thinking it was going to be easy to use and a great way to start learning -LRB- I have a classical nylon string guitar as well -RRB- . The Good
 This is a neat gadget in that it can produce sounds of various instruments . But if you want to learn guitar just buy a real one . The lighted frets are neat , but simply do n't have the same `` effect . ''
 I just got this guitar , after buying it on line , it is wonderful after not thinking I would ever play again after so many years . I would still recommend guitar lessons , and a regular guitar for someone starting out , but this has been a real treat to play and is bringing some techniques back to me that I had forgotten for many years . I 'll be using this guitar , and my old one as well , thanks for helping me rediscover my musical roots . It is just a joy to pick something up and play anything that you want and it even makes us old finger-pickers sound great .
 just learn the real guitar , how stupid would you look pressing buttons that light up ... believe do n't bother !
 Bought this for my youngest son for Christmas as his intro guitar.Coating has already craked , the input jack is loose and the the action was WAY to high . Tuning this is next to impossible.I wish I would have tried one at a local music store instead of buying it.My advice ... shop for another brand , shame on Gibson to put their name on this .
 We are forced to return this product after trying to tune the guitar with no success . We even brough it to a local recording studio to see if a professional could tune it for us and he informed us that this particular guitar can not be tuned correctly . I guess if you just want it becuase it looks cool but do not plan on playing it , go ahead and buy it .
 Do n't buy them - spend a little more and get something that you can trust to support your preciousl instrument .
 If you search the internet for `` m-audio '' and `` studiopro 3 '' you will find that I am not the only person that noticed that the right channel is much quieter than the left channel . If you do not have a balance control on your player you will probably not be happy with these speakers . I bought these specifically for mixing but with without an external balance control they ca n't be used for that purpose . I purchased aSennheiser HZR-62 Stereo Volume Controlfrom Amazon which is a simple in line balance/volume control to keep on my desktop ... problem solved .
 I bought one pair and the right speaker was distorted . I am an audiophile nerdy in enough ways so I tested various outputs ... all that stuff before returning it . I actually held onto it while they sent a replacement , so that I could just plug in the right speaker of the new system . It too was distorted ! I eventually replaced the whole thing . Still ... distortion.I 'm just saying if you are a musician and you think you are saving a penny ... these wo n't work for you.I mean , if you listen to classical music it will -LRB- should -RRB- make you want to punch yourself in the face.Otherwise , I suppose they are ok expensive computer speakers . I 'm mad because if that distortion were n't there the rest of the spectrum and the referencing is great.I sent an email to m-audio and received no response -LRB- two weeks ago -RRB- , and have been on hold for the past 40 minutes -LRB- c'mon people -RRB- with their customer support . Not good.What are the chances that I received two in a million defective products?I ca n't believe no one has mentioned the crackly distortion in the upper range . Impossible to listen to any clean music , classical or other wise . If you listen to rock -LRB- which I also do -RRB- you might not notice.Totally unacceptable as `` monitors ''
 I read the reviews here before buying them locally . I noted the reviews observing the defects of a crackly - distorted right channel , and reduced volume in the right channel . I figured after several months , and geography of distribution would have eliminated the chance of me getting a defective set . I was wrong . Same problem , distorted right channel and reduced volume -LRB- as measured with a sound level meter , down about 2 db -RRB- right out of the box . Exchanged for a second set , same problem!The store staff were obviously annoyed at my returns , but it was n't my fault . Their display set was defective too , but they just buried their heads in the sand and refunded my credit card . I do n't blame them , 3 defective speaker sets they have to return to their distributor , or lose money on.I 'm very disappointed , as the speakers have good build quality , and had good sound at low levels -LRB- when not distorting -RRB- . M-Audio needs to monitor their Chinese manufacturing plant -LRB- s -RRB- for quality control , or their business will suffer , especially with products marketed to professionals . These are not aimed at the cheapie plastic toy computer speaker market.I filed a polite trouble ticket on their website , so at least they know they have a run of defective product , and can solve the problem .
 Okay , so I 've been planning to buy these monitors for a long time and I finally got the money to get them . I read all the reviews , disregarded the ones that mentioned problems because I figured those individuals just got lemons . Well ... . I guess Im a lemon head because Im sitting here listening to one amazingly sounding good speaker , while the other cracks and punches if I can even hear it at all . Im so mad that it hurts . These speaker -LRB- s -RRB- sound awesome , at least the one with the amp in it -LRB- left -RRB- , hence the reason I provided two stars . But the fact that the right speaker doesnt work is really disappointing . I was really looking forward to making music on these , but I cant even listen to my cds right now because the cracking and going in and out is so annoying . Please M-AUDIO , fix these speakers !!!!! Theres no reason why they should be doing this.Basically , my advice to everyone , do not buy these speakers . Unfortunately they are flawed , and I will return these and maybe get the Studiophile AV-20 's . Lets hope they work !
 I have owned these for a year now . These truly are computer speakers in a slightly larger enclosure . They do n't get that loud ... they distort ... and mine happen to naturally be louder on the left side . I have to compensate with the balance half way between center and right . If you are interested in these , do n't be . They are not worth the money . Either go cheap and get some decent computer speakers , or pony-up and get a pair of 5 '' KRK Rockit G2 's .
 add one more to the list , shortly after the warranty expired one speaker stopped working . this is the second M-audio product I 've had problems with no more I 'll pay a little more for hopefully better quality .
 Like many others , I thought these were a good deal . However , like many others , I have had the left speaker die after a couple of years . They sounded good while they worked , but now I will be looking to replace them . A waste of money - buy something else !
 I read all the amazon reviews and was basis for my purchase . I bought at another site for $ 76 w/shipping . Speakers look good and beefy for their size , but you are not buying these for looks . I read one or two complaints about one speaker not playing as loud as the other ... that is exactly what i got brand new out of the box ... if you unhook the good speaker and turn up the volume -LRB- volume control speaker is the bad one -RRB- all the way on the bad speaker it is no louder than someone talking at a normal decibel and it crackles . . basically a bad speaker ... I tried to call customer support one night , was on hold for 45min and gave up , tried again tonight-busy signal ... i tried online request for help . . still waiting 30hrs after complaint ... so i am bashing these speakers not only on out of the box quality -LRB- did i mention made in china , like everything else we buy -RRB- but complete lack of customer support . The speaker that works does sound good and do like speaker stands it comes with .
 Have had these for more than a year now . They do sound great , and sounded great for a little longer than a year . Then suddenly a permanent rattle started from the left speaker , even when not playing music . I realized when putting my hand on the back panel the rattle stopped , so it seemed to be something loose attached to the panel . I opened the panel and saw a screw was indeed loose , tightened it , and the rattling stopped . Did n't touch anything else and then surprise , when reconnecting everything , right speaker has no sound . Weird thing is , I played a little with the volume knob and sound reappeared on the right speaker . After that , its sound goes on and off apparently at random every once in a while . I 'm not even sure it 's the volume knob . Whatever it is , the sound is lost from the right speaker every so often , and it is not related to the cable between them . It seems something inside the amplification circuitry within the left speaker . This suggests a really poor build quality . I 'm familiar with DIY electronics , and I did not touch anything at all in the electronics , just opened the back panel and tightened a loose screw.After realizing that problem I researched online to see whether some other people have had any similar problem , and found all these negative reviews about sound going off from the right speaker , rattle noises and what not . When I purchased them , these negative reviews were nowhere to be seen . It seems enough units got sold to statistically show the results of a low quality control in the construction of these units.The speakers do -LRB- did -RRB- sound nice . I do n't use the bass booster because it makes the sound too boomy and boxy . The sound is overall lean , bass lacking a bit , but you would n't expect subwoofer-like bass from small speakers anyway ; the sound is really adequate for the size and price . Yet this unreliability of the right speaker going on and off is truly annoying . Had I seen these negative reviews before I certainly would n't have purchased these speakers.PS . An extra comment
 I bought these because they are supposedly professional grade monitors with excellent sound . The sound was excellent , but the speakers must be cheaply made with bad components.The first problem I had was with the aux line out . If I plugged something in there and then unplugged it to use the speakers again , only the right speaker would work . After fidgeting with the cords and multiple combinations of plugging in and unplugging both speakers would finally work again.The second problem was with the left speaker . After only 8 months of use , it started going in and out and within a week it stopped working altogether . Maybe it 's just an isolated incident , but if you do decide to buy , make sure you hang on to that receipt .
 First , I am not sure the problem that I met is a special case or a general case . I rated 2 stars on the assumption that the problem is a general case because more than one person have also mentioned more of less the same problem in their reviews . If the problem is a special case , I will rate the speakers as 5 stars.I was playing music from high quality CDs on the M-Audio StudioPro 3 speakers and the sound card on my computer was Creative X-Fi platinum fatal1ty . The left speaker , the one with power supply and amps worked pretty well and the sound was real and clear . However , the right speaker always made some annoying cracking background noise even I set the volume at a medium low level . On M-Audio 's web site , it is suggested the background noise comes from grounding problem . My computer and speakers were connected to the same surge protector and it was not the issue . At a price around $ 90 for 2.0 speakers , such defect should not be there at all . For example , I also own T20 speakers from Creative and they do not have such problem . So I ended up with returning the speakers.Amazon 's returning service was great and I got refund without any hassel .
 Bought this , set it up at my workstation , and never moved them around even once . Used them several times a week , not quite everyday . After about 6 months , the right side was n't working at all.I looked for help online , and I came to realize this was some kind of known fault with the product . It happens to a lot of sets , and a lot of people . You 'll even find plenty of reviews stating the same thing . I was out of warranty , so I had to eat the cost of a new one . I honestly think if you see positive reviews on here , their set has n't broken yet , it 's a ticking time bomg.Now I bought the m-audio av-40 's here from Amazon , for about $ 130 . They sound so much better . They 're bulkier , but richer , deeper sound . Skip these and go straight for the av-40 's . Do n't even consider the av-30 's , what 's a few more bucks ? You wo n't be sorry .
 After using these speakers for two years , I can confidently say they suck.The low price and purported high-quality sound sold me , but in the end I am disappointed . At home I have two KRK RP5 speakers , and it is a night and day difference in sound quality.Cons : - The right speaker is noticeably quieter than left speaker , especially at low volumes . - They really , seriously lack bass . - They are not well-built - the right speaker often cuts out as the circuitry gets confused , thinking I have headphones plugged in . I have to repeatedly thrust and jiggle my headphone plug into the jack to unconfuse it.Pros : - They come with awesome little plastic wedges that you can use to angle the speakers up to point at your head , if they rest on your desk.I would recommend buying any powered computer speakers with subwoofer instead of these . They are really not worth the money .
 M-Audio is a decent audio company , however , in my case the speakers simply would not power up when plugged in . I can only assume a bad transformer , which happens sometimes - so I 'm not saying bad speakers or bad company , just bad luck . I have heard from audio professionals though that these speakers wo n't cut it as real studio monitors as they just wo n't give you real reference bass tones , but for $ 100 what do you expect ? I have also heard that they are going to be much better than any other desktop computer speakers assuming they work when you get them .
 These are junk . I went through the M-audio forum to find many owners with the exact same problem . Seems like this might be a problem with the AV30 's also . All of a sudden the right channel just went out . If you are lucky enough to wiggle the connection to work then you 're lucky , otherwise you are stuck listening to music in mono . I thought I would try these since the price was reasonable . Well , I got what I paid for - junk . Never again . Just stick to the good stuff that works and pay a little more . In the end it 's less since you dont have to get rid of the junk that does n't work .
 I 've had these for 2 years now and take it from me , stay away ! I 'm done jiggling the rear connectors to get the right speaker working . While the sound is pretty good for the price range when they work , `` when they work '' has turned out to be the operative phrase . The right speaker continually cuts out . I suspect it has something to do with shoddy construction and design -- the right speaker connects with the left via an 1/8 in . mini cable -- unheard of with most normally designed speakers , except maybe cheaper computer speakers . There are only RCA Left/Right main inputs on the back -- no TRS or XLR -- although the 1/8 in . phones and AUX IN connectors on the front are convenient for say , an iPod . They look kind of cheesy with the 1970s-style silver metal frames around the speakers , too . There are better speakers on the market , you just may have to pay a few more bucks .
 I origionally gave these speakers high marks for quality of sound . But apparently the quality stops there . After a little over a year using these as computer monitors . The right side stopped working . I tried a different cable and even hooked them up to a different source and still no right side output . Since I am three months out of warranty I guess I am screwed . I also Googled this problem and it does appear that some others have had similar problems . Sorry now that I bought them .
 Got a pair of these for $ 110 . The left speaker was much quieter than the right . Returned them , got another pair ... same thing.Pathetic . Awful . Insulting to spend that sort of money and find them no better , in fact WORSE , than $ 50 Creative Labs speakers.Never again will I purchase anything from M-Audio .
 I had this desktop audio monitors that I used about daily for a year and then , one day , they were done working . The sound quality was mediocre at best and the bass response was flimsy , high frequency response was thin . Buy something else that sounds better and lasts longer than this did .
 One works , one does n't . Tried every combination of cables , etc. . Even the headphone jack does n't work . They 're just bad ... and they 're going back .
 These monitors worked great for about a year and then , as many other people have stated , the left speaker stopped working . M audio 's warranty for these is only a year , so by the time they stop working the warranty is up . Do n't waste your money !!!
 I started building a home studio around three years ago , with very limited funds . I had seen and used other M-Audio products and they seemed pretty good , at the time I was under the impression that M-Audio produced quality products . That was until I received my StudioPro 3 monitors , the sound coming from them was WAY off base when compared to the manufacturer 's description and throwing words like industry and professional around . To make things worse , out of the box I too experienced some of the troubles users mention here.Not only were these speakers completely useless for mixing down tracks , when they worked they could n't come near my $ 50 simple 5.1 computer speakers from Dell no less , the champagne glass ones . These were not even suitable for computer speakers , what a waste . The woofer sounds like it 's 2 '' and can not handle bass , the low end , even with the port is almost non-existent . I 'm a producer and musician , and I knew I was n't going to be getting hair-blowing monitors for the $ 100 range , but these speakers fail in many respects . They look like they 're well made , but I can only guess there are cheap parts from China inside , and assembly there as well . Truly a complete lack of quality control is evident with M-Audio , and unfortunately thousands of other companies who once had stellar reputations and products to match , but are now using cheap components and having everything built in China , no offense , just facts.To me , M-Audio deceived me and touted these speakers ? as quality studio monitors with rich sound , LMAO . That was the last M-Audio product I ever bought . They have sat on a shelf in my studio for 3 years . I began doing heavy research on pro monitors , I visited stores to see and hear all brands and types in person . There were no decent monitors anywhere under $ 150 each . I bit the bullet and chose KRK Rokits , the pair weighs almost 50 pounds , the port is in the front where it should be and it 's actually tuned and functional . The main driver is only 6 '' but the sounds are amazing and accurate , the bass is insane with low and punchy bass . I produce music in a plethora of genres , the KRKs are one of my favorite tools.It cost me over $ 100 to learn my lesson about the StudioPros , I would not recommend these speakers to any level of listener , for the lack of quality , terrible sound that a normal listener and definitely a gamer would not deem these speakers acceptable . You can get much better speakers for the money .
 the headphone jack broke and pushed all the way to the back and the left speaker doesnt work , and this is all on the first DAY !!
 Do n't buy them - spend a little more and get something that you can trust to support your preciousl instrument .
 I bought this for upright bass . I liked the features , and really wanted to like the sound , but it just did n't have the drive or tone that my Tech21 Bass Driver has , which is what I ended up using . Now , before you jump to the `` well , you were n't using it right '' conclusion , I really did try several configurations , i.e. direct into a power amp , throught the front end of my GK bass amp , into a mixer , etc. , and still came up with the same conclusion , it was weak .
 Got this for a family memebr for Christmas . Was used once and the speaker gave out . The speaker was weak to begin with and then started to rattle with any songs that had bass . Bad quality machine .
 I bought this as a Christmas gift from Target . After one day the CD player just stopped working . I took it back to Target for an exchange , but they were out . I was searching the web to find another , and was surprised to find a comment on this site with exactly the same problem . I think I will look for something besides Memorex .
 I purchased this item as a family fun form of entertainment . The kids -LRB- 4 and 6 yrs . -RRB- were so excited to get it all set up to sing . Unfortunately , the monitor did n't work at all . We could hear the music , but the words were all squiqqly and fuzzy . My husband and I question the quality control work that is done before this item is packed in its box . Also , who knows when Target will receive this item again ? It has n't come in since right after Christmas . After reading the reviews below on this item , I will probably purchase a better quality brand .
 My Kids received this karaoke machine as a present on Friday , January 2 , 2004 . By Tuesday , January 6 , 2004 - the monitor no longer worked . Overall , very disappointed with the item .
 I bought this machine for my son for Christmas . It worked great Christmas day and he had a lot of fun . Until it completely stopped playing any CD the next day . Then it was n't so fun . I 'll be returning it and trying a different brand .
 My daughter received this as a Christmas Present ... the only `` toy '' she received ... CD compartment wo n't open . Have been everywhere -LRB- every day since Christmas -RRB- to find one to exchange it with . None available at this time ... how devastating ! What a disappointment !
 The one I picked up at the store had a monitor that did not work . When hooked up to our regular TV it worked fine but that is only half its functionality . I returned it to the store no problem but they did n't have an exact replacement . The one I got instead did not have the camera which was sorely missed by my daughter . I am going to try again but it is not available online yet .
 Christmas present for daughter . She 's heartbroken . The CD compartment wo n't open . Took 5 minutes to navigate throught the warranty phone system , only to be told by a recording to leave a message . Life is too short to deal with these people .
 Not very well made , failed just over one year old , only the CRT comes on , no display and the power light does not come on . CDROM does not work , tape player does n't work ... looked inside for a fuse and this thing is a mess . The fuses are good but the mass of wiring and patches is a joke for any electronic product on the market . The CDROM connector is bent up because planning was so poor they put a resistor under where the cable needed clearance to plug in . Frankly , I 'm surprised it lasted as long as it did.Very probably my last Memorex electronic product .
 Bought this and in less than a week the microphone quit working . I will be returning it and getting an upgraded model .
 I gave this to my son for Christmas . Within 2 weeks , the microphone stopped working . Everything else seems to work just fine , but the main reason for buying it was the microphone because my son loves to sing .
 Bought this system last Christmas . My daughter loved it and treated it extremely well . After about 9 months the CD player just stopped working . CD spins but machine does not recognize that a CD is in .
 Do not buy any system that uses CD+G technology . The CD 's only have 4 songs on them . It becomes expensive to get any variety in the music.A better system is the Leadsinger microphone , which comes with 300 songs .
 We bought this for Christmas so we can use it at our New Years Party , we figured it would be fun for the adults and kids . We hooked it up and sang a few songs . The next night I went to hook it up to show the kids how to use it , guess what , it did n't work ! It would n't spin the CD . I went to return it and they where out of them , the closest place that had them was 45 miles away . I am still waiting for one to come in and if one does n't I hope they will also take back the 3 opened CD 's I bought for it too . Needless to say we did n't get to use it New Years Eve .
 i bought this and it was not what i expected ! it was so fuzzy ! i expected better ! it was so bad i could only use it to do little things ! do not buy this it is a waste of money !
 Makes loud noises and can not sign thru it.It is not worth the shipping send it back , lesson learned you get what you pay for .
 This microphone in theory , is a good deal . However , like most people , I have a karaoke player with only microphone inputs and this microphone performed poorly -LRB- fuzzy -RRB- . And I am not about to go out and buy a new karaoke machine just for this wireless microphone , so it only gets 2 stars from me . The cords are not very long either , so you ca n't move the receiver very far from the karaoke machine either.Too bad , affordable wireless microphones are hard to find -LRB- outside of the low-quality ones offered on ebay -RRB- . If most karaoke players had line inputs , I would give this particular mic 4 out of 5 stars .
 Range is EXTREMELY short for this microphone , like 7 feet . If the person blocks the `` line of sight '' to the antenna the range the microphone cuts out . A very disappointing product but it is an inexpensive consumer item , about 1/5 the price of a `` real '' wireless microphone and receiver unit . &#60; br / &#62;
 This mic is ok for little kids . But it is very fuzzy . I gave it many chances now I 'm returning it .
 I am shocked that such a nice-looking item bearing the Memorex name could be so shoddy . I bought three MKS8501 's at Target for nieces and nephews . I 'm glad I tried them out before sending them off to completely suckify three different households on Christmas morning!For a few minutes the simple array of buttons did nothing . Then , for a few minutes it functioned , with mediocre results . Then the CD drive whizzed and rattled , the screen went gray , and no controls functioned . I will be returning these units to Target with a CDG stuck inside one of them.This crashing disappointment follows the mail order purchase of a similar product , the Craig CG8312 , from Toys R Us via Amazon.com . All three of those units were dead out of the box , and gave off the same dangerous aroma of overheating circuits after a few minutes . I suspect that both of these Craig and Memorex products come from the same soulless conglomerate , perhaps even manufactured in the same high tech sweatshop in China.Target should take the Memorex junk off its shelves immediately . -LSB- ... -RSB- . It is horrifying to imagine a kid getting one of these lousy karaoke machines and their only big Christmas gift .
 I will admit I was n't expecting that great of quality from this low-end machine -LRB- purchased at Target for around $ 50 &#60; br / &#62; However , my low expectations were not met . &#60; br / &#62; &#60; br / &#62; The biggest issue is that in order to hear the people singing you need to turn their volume to Max and have the echo in the middle . Another issue is that you need to sing very close to the microphones in order for it to pick up your voice -LRB- the unit came with one ; we purchased one extra and had same issue with both -RRB- . This causes the sound to get quite distorted . I would also agree with the person who indicated 5 watts does not provide enough power . But for the kids playing in the front room it was sufficient . &#60; br / &#62; &#60; br / &#62; The kids love singing so they do n't seem to mind . We did n't have any of the other issues described . Yes , it only comes with 1 CD with a few sample songs , but I believe it was clearly labeled on the box and for this price what do you expect ? &#60; br / &#62; &#60; br / &#62; We only had one other technical issue with a CD we purchased in that one song did n't play right . &#60; br / &#62; &#60; br / &#62; In summary , I would recommend reading some of the reviews on higher-priced models and see if you get a better bang for your buck .
 i bought one of these for my daughter at christmas . right out of the box , i would not work at all -LRB- picture a disappointed six year old little girl on christmas morning -RRB- . the cd-player was completely out of alignment and would not read any cds or g-cds . cool design - well conceived feature/function/price wise - but the quality is terrible.returned for another - it never worked right either -LRB- this is not an ignorant operator -RRB- . finally got my money back and bought a name brand .
 I bought this unit at Target for a special birthday party . After two songs it quit working properly . Most people keep saying its the microphone . I find that the microphones were fine , since I got two of them when I bought the unit . It is the unit that does not work once it gets warm . This unit should be recalled by Memorex because it does not work and has ruined many people 's plans for good fun . I strongly urge people not to buy this product because of the frustration it causes when you need it . Target was good enough to receive it back along with the extra microphone I got with it .
 I bought this system for my 6 year old son for Christmas . It worked for a few minutes and looked to be a descent investment . After a couple of uses the microphone developed a short and all you could hear was the crackling of the microphone . Target did n't have another machine in the entire metroplex for exchange or a microphone that would work . The system was disappointing and so was my experience with Target 's service staff .
 This machine is TERRIBLE . The instructions are messed up - they DO NOT tell you how to start/connect the system ... but it gives you & amp ; amp ; quot ; optional & amp ; amp ; quot ; connection instructions if you want to hook it up to your TV instead of using the mini screen on the actual machine . The words did n't appeared on the screen , so I called the customer service at Memorex . They could n't figure out why it did n't work , finally said that the monitor itself is probably defective and that I should return in to the store . When I return it , I will upgrade to a better system because the speakers on this are bad - sounds like you are in a tin can . Really , I ca n't say anything good except for the sale price when I got it -LRB- $ 38.00 or so -RRB- .
 We bought this for chrismas . It works fine . But for KaraokeYou are MUCH better off with a Different machine . We willhave to return ours and get a better quality one , But now we know what to look for . 1st , it only comes with 4 songs ! Biggest problem . So , you have to buy other cd 's to sing -LRB- $ 10-20 -RRB- , adds up quick ! 2nd , volume levels are bad . 3rd , screen was fine , BUT we hooked it through our t.v. anyway , because you can read much better on the bigger screen , its easier and more fun . the little screen is really just for the kids . 4th you need someone to work the controls on the machine , but other machines may also need this , until remote controls come with ! that will be great . We want a karaoke machine with more songs , i have seen them with 50 songs , out of the box ! making it much more useful right away . where we only had the 4 songs -LRB- and out of those , only one each kid liked ! -RRB- , so we had to go BUY more ! this machine can quickly become a very pricy machine due to this reason . i would not recommend -- we were frustrated .
 On the first day , the cord broke right at the base . Now it does not work and I 'm not sure what to do ... order another or just forget it .
 If you want something cheap , this is okay . I use it for Karaoke and it breaks at focused vocals , you have to pull it away . Not bad for the price though . If you need something cheap just for fun , this would be okay .
 I got the package on time but there was on piece missing . The L form of the bracket was missing so ca n't use it .
 Ok , I got suckered . I bought the Superslick cream , and saw this thinking it was the same thing , but in a liquid form for quick applications . Uhhh ... NO ! No , it 's not.The products description claims :2 oz compactly -LRB- sic -RRB- bottle with sprayer capConvenient pocket sizeCreates smooth actionHelp maintain quiet operationWhile the first two claims are true the -LRB- sans the spelling errors -RRB- , there is no way in L' this product will create a smooth action or help maintain quiet operation . I know that I should n't expect much for $ 3.50 , but the SuperSlick SC1 Trombone Cream was only a buck 89 , so I did expect something more than an empty bottle . I could have dug through my recycle bin and found one of those . It 's not worth the hassle of returning , otherwise I 'd do so . So , this is your warning . If you assume this is a bottle of spray lube based upon the sellers product description , well we all know about the word ASSume ... do n't we.Edit.Since my first review , it looks like they 've lowered the price for this item to a buck 99 , but still do n't mention it 's only an empty bottle .
 I 'm a little disappointed with this necks trap , because it 's too short . Not by much . . maybe half an inch too short . I ca n't adjust it to get my Yamaha YCL-250 into a correct , comfortable position . I 'm six foot tall , average . Perhaps this neck strap is designed for younger/smaller clarinet players .
 This strap is quite cumbersome , both the initial adjustment and to play . Because it is basically an elasticised band , getting it correctly adjusted is quite difficult , I was unable to find a comfortable playing position , and find the strap is unusable . Also the two sets of holes that one has to spread across the thumb rest do so with difficulty . While it is less expensive , I find it without any useful purpose
 It should be noted that this stand is `` Not recommended for guitars with Nitro Cellulous finish '' . That leaves Gibsons out .
 Banjo has some dead spots higher up the neck . It has a very bulky neck which is unattractive to players wanting fast action . Also it 's sound is very average . Surprising , when you call Goldtone they are not knowledgeable about their own products.For a beginner this an OK banjo but that is where it ends.The resale value of this banjo is very poor.AVOID THIS BANJO !!!
 I agree with previous reviewer that it come with missing piece and this is very unethical of seller . I am also amazed how amazon do not control such faked advertisment
 Disclaimer
 Wears through batteries super-fast , glitches and fails to operate . After just a few battery changes , the springs in the battery compartment snap off .
 Hi , Dear seller , `` Duduk '' is a purely ARMENIAN national musical instrument , and it NEVER cant ' t be Turkish instrument !
 My wife , who is an accomplished musician wanted to try and play a string instrument . -LRB- Her instruments are piano , organ and voice -RRB- . We found this viola through Amazon and the price seemed ok for a beginner . Well , we had to replace the bow at the first lesson , the one that came with the instrument was warped - $ 80 and not one of the expensive ones . Also needed better strings , additional $ 30 and the string repairman at the music store had to rework the bridge , strings were to high . The repairman said most all beginning string instruments needs a little TLC from a string person before they play well.So with that said , for a beginner , yes . This is a fine instrument - for no more than a year after lessons . If the student progresses well , do not keep this but go for a much better instrument . Go to a regular string dealer betting at least 4 instruments taking them to the next lesson and have the teacher pick out the one you should buy . You may need to put down a hefty deposit in order to remove several instruments from his store . The student 's teacher needs several for comarison . My profession is music teacher , band , choir - retired . My instrument is French Horn . So , my judgment of this viola may carry some weight .
 I bought this Viola looking at the good reviews thinking it will be a good investment . Never knew that my daughter will come back from her school with note from teacher that it 's a poor quality Viola , no rosin on the bow , instrument not tuned , broken string ... . Thinking of returning it . Do n't know yet which other brand should i buy .
 I bought this on 2009 as a christmas present for my son but as he was too young to play it at that time the guitar was storaged in his closet during one year . Last year , when his guitar teacher tried to start lessons with this guitar -LRB- after my son had learned the basics with his acoustic guitar -RRB- , he could n't use it because the guitar never got tunned . His teacher said that the guitar could n't be used , so a totally waste of money . I paid for an useless guitar .
 I purchased this guitar for my grandson for Christmas . I had several problems with this seller . Firstly , I ordered it a few hours after hearing that it was on his wish list , but within a few hours , I learned he had changed the color to red . So the first problem I had with this seller is that you only have 90 mins to change your order ; after that you have to do a return and reorder -LRB- all at your expense -RRB- . The second problem was that there was no invoice included with the delivery . I was told that `` we fill thousands of orders , and we are trying to save paper . You can print out your email confirmation . '' Thirdly , the amp did not come with the guitar intitially , and I had to email a defective report before it was sent -LRB- but it did come before Christmas -RRB- . The fourth problem and the worse , is that the guitar is not even silver , it looks more like a kakhi green ! He was OK with it , but he ended up getting neither a red OR silver guitar ! I guess for the price it was not bad , but I wo n't be ordering from this seller again .
 I bought this guitar for my husband last Christmas ... unfortunately , they sent the wrong guitar and I had to give it to him a week early b/c their return/exchange policy is so restricted and finite . We ended up returning and not exchanging because of their unwillingness to be flexible during to holiday season with regards to returns and exchanges . Also , the wrong colored guitar had a BIG scuff mark on it and it took FOREVER and several emails -LRB- they do n't have a phone system -RRB- for the company to refund my money . As for the quality ... I could n't tell you .
 Bought an electric guitar from this seller . There were problems from day one . I e-mailed the seller about the problems , got a response asking me for details , I sent details , but suddenly , after 30 days passed , they stopped responding to my e-mails . I continued to send e-mails , I called , nothing . Now , just two months later the guitar is totally broken and does n't play at all . My son is totally crushed . Austin Bazaar does n't stand by their products , and Amazon does n't stand by their partners . SAVE YOUR MONEY . DO N'T BUY A HUNK OF JUNK FROM THESE CROOKED SELLERS .
 Turkish Oud with Hard CaseOud , Turkish with Hard CaseFor the price , this is n't too bad . You 'll have a hard time getting a student OUd for less than $ 300 . That being said , the instrument is low quality but playable . The pegs leave a little be be desired , but if you apply some peg compound -LRB- for violins -RRB- it helps keep it in tune.Also , keep in mind that if you are just learning to play the Oud , this one is tuned EABead -LRB- Turkish -RRB- vs. CFAdgc -LRB- Arabic -RRB- and most of the materiels available are for Arabic tunings . I would suggest you spend some time researching online before commiting to an oud that wo n't meet your needs long term.That being said , in terms of convenience , I purchased this oud from Andreas Inc and it was sent overnight ... so I have NO problems with the seller ... it 's just that the quality of the instrument is pretty low ... but then again , the price is pretty low too .
 this guitar was not metallic pink , it is an orange/red metallic guitar . very upset cause i could get a red guitar anywhere , i wanted pink REAL PINK !
 No amp connection to be found in the packaging . Missing extra strings as well .
 So , like everyone who purchases this bass , I just wanted a cheap one for fun.That being said , the first one that I got literally sliced my hand up . I only noticed when there was blood all over the strings . The frets were left untrimmed and sticking out of the bottom of the neck . As I played the bass , they sliced up my hands like razor blades.So , I contacted Austin Bazaar and they sent me a new one , which is fine.Like the other reviews say , this is a cheap bass , and certainly not professional , but it works.Just make sure to check your frets when you receive yours so you do n't cut up your hands ...
 You can buy quite a few nice beginner , or pro closeouts for $ 100.00 This bass , is not one.This instrument had the pups fall out , volume knob wedged tight so as not to turn , screws forced into , the pickguard , diagonally , razor frets , more buzzing than a honey farm , muddy sound , tons of black overspray on 9 zebra stripes , rusty strings , out of tune by the second song , could not hold a tune in a barrell.True JunkChinese Junk -LRB- boatload of headaches -RRB- Radically Smokin ' wall hanging , thoughIf you purchase this , You will needSeriousProfessionalTreatmentBad guitarBOOHISSTerrible
 the guitar is not very good quality , the strap bolt on the top of the guitar broke after only a few months of use . the bag ripped at the seam as well . you would be better off buying used at a pawn shop
 This bass was the biggest piece of crap two of the same strings came on it so they just threw the other one in the box tuning pegs did n't work cheap plastic had to order new ones one of the pick up did n't work had to glue it shipped in a very unsafe box would not buy again would not buy if I were you this is not even child worthy to learn on can get a used bass at guitar for cheaper that 's better quality
 Entrust this bass guitar for my brother , who wants to learn to play bass , but when tested , failed the fourth string , then I had to return it.Besides the poor quality of the product.Encargue este bajo electrico para mi hermano , que quiere aprender a tocar el bajo , pero al probarlo , fallaba la cuarta cuerda , entonces tube que regresarlo .
 I Ordered 3 guitars at the same time for my 3 kids 4 christmas . -LRB- Black , Pink , and Blue -RRB- They all said they where austin bazaar guitars.I got the Black , and Blue guitars 1st . They where not austin bizaars they where glen burton guitars.the pink one was austin bazaar.only 1 amp out of the 3 does n't have a hum 2 it.My 9year old Son was playing his blue guitar and the strap broke and the guitar came down on his arm and hurt him.He was standing up at the time.This was the first time he played it.All 3 guitar straps broke.The pink guitar did not have the cable that gos to the amp.Austin bazaar said they would send it free of charge and they did not.Both the Glen Burtons guitars where shipped with padding to keep them from getting damaged.The pink one had nothing to keep it from being broke.It is a defect it 's suppose to be all pink and it has orange where the neck is and the strings can not be adjusted right.I would not reccomend getting anything from austin bizaar!Over all I was very dissapointed !
 after my 60 pound sub had been sitting on it for 10 minutes it started to keel over , theres two foam feet that runs the length of the plate , and one was compressing way more than the other .
 I 've owned a pair of these before and they serve their purpose , but everybody knows these things are over priced for a couple pieces of foam . Try A/Bing them with a pair of black yoga blocks also available on Amazon . http://www.amazon.com/Milliard-Block-Beveled-Edges-Black/dp/B00994II5C/ They will do the same exact thing , and look just as good if not better for a lot less , and no one will know that you are using yoga blocks . They are made from very similar material . Do n't say I never did you a favor . A pair of yoga blocks will also give you three different height options . They also come in cork for a few dollars more , which is kind of a cool look for your studio.Hugger Mugger Cork Yoga Block
 after i read all the positive reviews here , i ordered it from here Amaon . i 'm so looking forward to this , coz the neibor downstairs once came up and complained about the bass noise from home theater . i placed the subwoofer on a mental open shelf , and the shelf is on apartment carpet . the subwoofer is compact size , so one or two pieces of that foam are enough . after using them , you can hardly notice the difference about the the vibration . overall , you dont need spending so much on this everywhere-can-find foam .
 Bought these for an entertainment center woofer being that I have wood floors . All they are is high density foam , certainly not $ 25 worth of foam . Opened the box , closed , the box , and sent them Back .
 As has been mentioned by other reviewers , this product consists entirely of strips of foam rubber . Auralex is too greedy here . I sent mine back .
 I bought this unit primarily for use rehearsing our church choir . We use split track accompaniment CDs which have each song divided into multiple tracks for rehearsal purposes . This unit does not handle the transistions between tracks at all . It skips very badly at each track break . Also , it developed an electrical problem shortly after I purchased it last year . The RIGHT -LRB- Music -RRB- channel does not have nearly the volume the left -LRB- Vocal -RRB- channel has .
 I purchased this unit from Amazon in January 2008 . . used for home use only . . I 'd say about 20 or so times . I used the mic 's and plugged in a guitar at times . A few weeks ago we were using it for some home party entertainment , and I plugged in my guitar and halfway into the partythe unit went dead and something inside smelled like burnt electronics.I also own Radio Shack karaoke unit I 've had for over 6 years . I had touse that unit for the rest of the party . The Vocopro is still sittingat the Vocopro authorized repair shop , , now in its second week andI have no clue when Vocopro is going to have this unit repaired.BEFORE YOU BUY , BETTER CHECK HOW UNIT IS GOING TO GET REPAIRED UNDER WARRANTY IN YOUR AREA WHEN IT BREAKS . . OR YOU CAN SHIP IT BACK TO VOCOPRO AT YOUR COST . I SHOULD OF UNGRADED TO ANOTHER RADIO SHACK UNIT . I NEVER HAD ANY PROBLEMS WITH THEM FOR REPAIR WARRANTY WORK.I think the Radio Shack unit also has a bigger bass and louder soundeven though it is smaller and does n't have many features . Plus it cost $ 100 less than the Vocopr .
 I bought this a few months back for a friend of mine . At first glance this system looks very professional but as soon as we turn it on , it was a different story . The speakers sound very flat . No bass/tremble at all . Save yourself some money and get a standalone karaoke mixer and an amplifier with 2 good stereo speakers . Not recommending this product at all
 I purchased this unit for my smaller shows as they way it was described , it was suposed to be for smaller professional shows . I was extreamly disapointed as all of the sound both cds and vocal sounded very tinny & disdorted . This is not a professional unit . I would n't even even give it to a teen ager to use . I used several of my very best Sure microphones , but the sound was so bad . I returned it the next day for a refund.I would not recomend this unit to anyone . I believe that the more expensive Voco Pro Units that cost $ 1,000 and up would be much better .
 Excited to purchase a Melodica after hearing one played , I looked online and found this one . It had great reviews and looked promising . Shortly after opening the box I was disappointed , several keys were slightly out of tune and any chord sounded bad . It took huge amounts of air to play more than a single note . The high F does not work and the high C barely produces a sound . The other keys work fine for producing single note melody lines but overall i 'm disappointed . Maybe I just got a defective Melodica .
 As several other reviews mention , this instrument arrives out of tune -- with itself and also sharper overall than a = 440 . I had hoped that , even if it took a few hours of work , I could correct it with a chromatic tuner I had and some curved files as is shown on various websites . However , the construction of the reeds of this instrument is very poor . All three reeds I attempted to tune -LRB- with a shim to support it as recommended -RRB- now make zero sound . I asked someone who is a professional harmonica/melodica tuner/servicer about it and he says it 's because of the super-thin , cheap reeds used on these models . I guess you get what you pay for but I had no idea that I was buying an instrument that was not only out of tune , but permanently so . As such I figure I had better write a review to warn others
 The Hohner Student Melodica is a nice introduction to the instrument . The construction is adequate , but the reeds are poor quality.I 've had to make a number of alterations to make this instrument viable in a performance setting . First , and most disappointing , the tuning was pretty off . I 've had to tune it a several times now by hand , which is a major pain -LRB- Hint
 After reading more thoroughly through the reviews I can see that I am not the only one with this problem . In fact , I suspect most of these melodicas come out of tune and the people who are true beginners to musical instruments -LRB- it 's a student melodica , after all -RRB- have n't yet developed the sensitive hearing that instantly tells a veteran that this thing is just horribly out of tune . It has about one octave in the middle that is maybe in tune , everything left or right of that octave is out of tune . I 've heard it 's not impossible to tune these things , so I 'm going to give that a try before returning it . Aside from the zero care Hohner spent tuning these melodicas , I am very pleased with the product 's function and quality . The keys feel nice , the case is nice , and boy is this melodica LOUD . It 's easily the loudest acoustic instrument I own , by far . I have n't decided whether I 'll return it yet , but I will let this be a lesson to myself not to judge a product simply by its overall Star rating , but rather to read every review in depth before purchasing .
 I went with this because of positive reviews , price , and reputable brand name . It 's the last time I 'll buy an instrument online . Some of the notes were in tune , but really , all of them need to be in good tune , or it 's no fun to play . The sound was nice , the case was lovely , everything else was great - but tuning is crucial . I suspect other reviewers either only played single-note melodies and did n't notice how out of tune it is , or lucked out and got instruments that were n't as bad as this one . I returned it and am now looking for one I can test first in a real store .
 I read other reviews and knew that the tuning might be an issue but was surprised at how out of tune it really is . Tuning ranges from -5 to +15 cents over and under standard tuning -LRB- C = 440 -RRB- . Playing a G major chord sounds like nails on a chalkboard . I 'm looking into tuning it myself , but it seems like a laborious and potentially destructive task . I 'm disappointed .
 i ordered this cause i saw some1 playing it and i liked the sound.THe guy played the Hohner 32 student melodica and this shows the picture of that . - Instead they send me a different Melodica . . &#34; instructor &#34; 32 ... Its ok for $ 40 but not what i thought i was getting
 I bought this when I was building a Harlan porta booth . His site had warned against using the ` cheap stuff ' now I know why . This stuff is visibly less dense than the name-brand foam . It did very little to dampen ambient sounds in my office/recording area . I found an old panel of the real stuff in a closet . It was just enough to bend in a U shape around the mic in the box over this cheap foam . That actually made a noticable difference . Now I 'm going to pay the extra money to fill the top and bottom with the expensive foam . Instead of saving a buck , I wasted time and $ 27 on this stuff .
 I already have a Xaphoon Pocket Sax , so I thought this would be another nice little instrument to carry with me on various adventures . Unfortunately , the playability is poor.First , it is attractive and appears to be externally well-finished and sturdy . It comes in a fairly nice case with one reed installed , a spare reed , enough cork grease for six lifetimes and no instructions . Visually , it is worth a smile and begs excitement for the anticipated sound . But that 's where the fun ends . I started playing clarinet decades ago , and while not a serious musician , I know what to expect and how to play a clarinet.While a bit of effort was put into producing a pretty product , it appears that much less emphasis was placed on the sound . The mouthpiece is very cheap , as is the ligature . The installed reed was actually too small to seal the opening and would n't play at all . The spare reed was far too large to fit the mouthpiece or even be clamped by the ligature -LRB- probably a tenor sax reed -RRB- . Neither reed was a brand-name product and I suspect that they were just generic foreign manufacture . I substituted a real Bb clarinet reed and was able to get it to play , but the result was disappointing.The interior of the barrel is poorly finished and rough , and the holes were rough underneath with cut wood fibers protruding . The holes had not been deburred or undercut . It was not tonally smooth even over its narrow range , which by the way , is a narrower range than a recorder since it lacks the ability to play the higher notes in the upper register . Some of the notes within its range are weak and very difficult to play , while others produce an agreeable tone . I 'm guessing that a higher quality mouthpiece and some careful work to clean up the interior of the barrel might produce a much more satisfying instrument . If you like to fix things and have some skill , this might work out for you.On the good side , it looks very nice and would be an attractive display in the den or library if you 're into that sort of thing . Also , it feels good in the hands , with a comfortable barrel size . It looks and feels like it should sound sweet . Mine did n't . The hole placement is much more comfortable than on a Xaphoon . My hands are not especially large and the finger positioning on the Xaphoon is not easy to manage , but at least it sounds nice.So if you want a fun pocket instrument , I suggest you go with a Xaphoon . They sound good throughout most of the range -LRB- more like a clarinet than a sax -RRB- and seem to be built with solid quality . Mine is durable injection molded plastic that looks like it might survive almost anything . It plays well aside from the difficult finger positioning , and the oversized mouthpiece that takes some getting used to . They 're usually only about $ 50 , and I got mine on ebay for only $ 35 . Back to the Pocket Clarinet ... well maybe mine was just a poor one and maybe you 'll get lucky and buy one that sounds great ... or maybe you just want something cool for the mantlepiece . In a pinch you could probably use it for kindling . To their credit , the seller gave me a full and timely refund , but you should check their return policy closely before buying .
 I bought this just because of the price , to see if I would even have to fork out more dough for Mics for my projects -LRB- and for this price , why not ? -RRB- but to sell a Mic of this infernal quality that says `` Super Professional '' on the casing is just a crime against humanity.Bear in mind that it DOES usually work -LRB- from no more than about 12 feet away -RRB- , but it sounds like 1930 's radio -LRB- actually , 1930 's radio had tiny amounts of bass , and was at least * remotely * clean - this has negative amounts of bass , and has a filthy quality to it -RRB- , and should only be used if you ONLY care about capturing someone 's words , with no regard to what those words will end up sounding like.Now it 's a Super Professional trash ornament . Looks good , too .
 Hey folks - Just pass on this wireless lapel clip on microphone . It is very cheap . Mine lasted only 4 hours and then shorted out . This model is cheap for a reason - it does n't last . Buy a better quality microphone .
 I was expecting lousy quality , but I thought it would at least work . The battery compartment would n't even close so I had to tape it shut . Then I got it to work and you could hear a loud buzzing sound underneath the audio . Then , the mic just stopped working all together . This was all in the span of one afternoon .
 This product is terrible , I would n't recommend this to anyone.Before , I purchased this , I was forwarned by others . I tried it anyway . I should have took the warnings and purchased some other wireless system ! One day , I 'm going to give it to charity .
 When it worked this microphone was fine for a distance of about 20 feet . It faded quickly however in under an hour . I checked the battery , thinking it was chewing up batteries . The battery still registed 9Volts ? I returned the item and spent an extra hundred for another lavalier that I am happy with . The only thing this has going for it is that you ca n't get a better price . If it stays working - you got a deal . If not you are only out $ 20.00 at most . I successfully returned mine for a full refund so I lost no money . I own the Pyle 100 watt portable PA system & it is a quality product - so I do n't understand the lack of quality in the lavalier .
 This thing does not work and if I had used it before the return period I would 've definitely returned it is a piece of junk .
 This product was cheap plastic , like a toy , just as a few reviews had said . I should have listened , but no , I had to give it the benefit of the doubt and try it . I found it to be just as was published , no good ... would never recommend it to anyone .
 The item was plugged into the amp and all I got was static . No voice at all . I even tried brand new batteries . NOTHING BUT STATIC ! I bought two of them and each was the same story . No voice , just static . I would recommend staying away from this product unless you are trying to create static .
 I bought this to use in front of a class I teach , but my own voice is louder than this system . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 I plugged it in , not expecting anything great , it 's 15 $ . All I got was noise , static , and a microphone system that just did n't work . I tried to do everything I could to make it bearable but nothing was working.It picked up so much noise from everything else in the area , LCD monitors , Wifi Router , Cell phone . Everything that had a radio in it interfered with this mic system.I did n't expect it to be a good product , but I did expect it to at least get something.The microphone system was supposed to have two different models , RED and GREEN ; Indicating two separate channels , I bought two , thinking that I could flip the channel manually , but , no it is a static channel based on the color dot.IF YOU BUY TWO MAKE SURE YOU INDICATE YOU WANT A RED AND A GREEN.Still I do n't recommend this if you plan to use it , for anything where you need to hear your voice , unless you are outside and miles away from anything that may generate radio noise .
 Be careful ! If you wan na waste and lose your money then buy this product . Terrible
 Just dont buy this . If you need a prop to destroy thats cheep this is great , if not this never worked and it is just a horrid bit of hardware .
 This will do it , static and interference , it adds it all to what ever I tried it with.Good thing it was cheap .
 Product very cheep . Broke within seconds of useI opened the plastic case to find this is a 2.5 rpm not a 3 as advertised .
 Unfortunately I did not test it sooner . I did n't expect it to not work.I pulled it out of the box , screwed it to the ceiling , put my mirror ball on it and plugged it in.No spinning , just an ugly sound.I never dropped it , I never had any accidents . I did everything carefully.I tried opening it up to see if I could fix it but that was not possible.I really ca n't believe something like this was sent to me.Really unacceptable .
 The -LSB- American DJ M-HDAC8 Three RPM Mirror Ball Motor -RSB- that I received was defective . I opened the package and plugged it in immediately , with no objects attached to it . I could tell the motor was running , but the stem that holds the disco ball did not turn at all . It seemed like it might not be properly attached to the motor.I would never buy this item if I were you . Additionally , this item was labelled as `` Made in China '' . Amazon allowed me to return the item as defective , at no charge to me via UPS . Amazon provided the return label online for me to print out . I did return the item in its original packaging exactly as I received it.I plan to try a different manufacturer .
 I purchased 2 of these and received them today . Even though the photo shows a wooden base AND the description describes the `` Wooden bases ... '' , I received the ones with a metal base . Yes , part of the title says metal hanger , but to me that meant the part the violin hangs on - not the base -LRB- especially since both the photo and the description indicate that it would be a wooden base -RRB- . I did NOT want the metal base . Now , I have to go to the trouble of sending these back because the seller 's description and photo are not correct for the product they are mailing .
 Some years ago , I replaced tuners on a guitar with Ping tuners , and they were absolutely great tuners , stayed in tune forever . I just recently purchased 3 sets of these Ping tuners , and they are absolutely worthless junk , with even nylon bushings . It is hard to believe that we have sunk to this all time low of importing junk . Amazon you should be ashamed of your self , and I wo n't be buying anything fromyou in the future .
 The quality of these tuners are as bad as the ones I wanted to replace . I 'm very disappointed in the other reveiws that said these were good .
 The set I purchases will not fit either of my vintage japanese guitars without drilling new holes . In fact the holes in the tuners are backwards and would fit if you turned them facing in.I even took one apart and turning it around but this leaves only one screw hole lined up and the covers will not fit this way . A total waste of money how could they get the screw pattern backwards ???
 These machine heads are so cheaply made I returned them and put a set of Grover 's on a crappy guitar I found on the street . I did n't even bother to install them . Chrome plated low grade steel , wobbly , and I doubt they would hold a guitar in tune for long . Gearing is cheap and not sealed -LRB- well , I guess the back of the headstock would ` enclose ' them -RRB- and the plating I 'm sure will crack off in no time . Even the screws are cheap.I would seriously reconsider getting these if you like quality , even for playable crappy guitars -LRB- which is what I wanted them for -RRB- . I just could n't put them on any instrument , unless it 's a free , horrible sounding guitar that you wanted to sell . But then again , if music and fine instruments are n't your thing , then these might be for you .
 This item is a complete and utter rinse of your hard-earned money .
 Just do yourself a big favor and spend a little more for a better product . The mute is too small to be effective .
 I have used this type of inexpensive wireless mic before and the others I tried had much better sensitivity . You have to touch this mic with your lips to be herd . There are better choices even in this price range .
 When I got my set I was really upset to find out that somebody tried to installed this set up before All the pick ups had the wires cut up really short showing an attempt to install them by splicing the previous connections not to rewire the whole thing , the middle pickup was defective ... I got a new set but it took two weeks however the people from the store were OK , I only can not understand why I got a set that was used and with a defective component , I sent an email to Amazon to report the problem no response , I had to look up the phone number of the seller , the item -LRB- S -RRB- itself was what I was looking for ... not a good experience
 Ok dont get me wrong , these speakers are nice , great bass response . Only problem is , about 2 months after owning them , one of the speakers just quit working . I have had the hardest time trying to get ahold of M-Audio . 24/7 assistance ? I think not . I have read story after story of people with the same problems . Please be weary . Save your money and look into a set of yamaha monitors , or even something else . When it comes to quality and longevity M-Audio is not on my list . Please do n't make the same mistake i did . I am regretting this purchase every day i have to listen to my one working speaker while i try to get ahold of customer support ...
 This product is not for someone starting out . It assumes a complex understanding of mixing and recording . Without this knowledge , the program is next to useless . The user 's manual is anything but helpful . Online support is nonexistent , no reply to e-mail in two weeks . Hopefully someday after months of trial and error , I will be able to mix something . Cakewalk products are definitely more appropriate from someone starting out .
 these drums were absolutely HORRIBLE . no directions whatsoever and they come completely unassembled . they come with the parts needed , yes . but without ample instructions they are worthless . the toms and bass sound totally ridiculous . the snair isnt all THAT bad , but the high hat and the bass pedal are both horrible as well . i bought these drums becuase i just picked up a new double bass pedal and needed to practice while away from my real drum set at my other home . . so this set will work for what i need it for . but i wont be reccomending it .
 This product is not worth a dollar , much less $ 39.00 . My young son saved up the money for this and was so excited about its arrival . Unfortunately , we were very disappointed when we finally saw it . It 's tiny for one thing , but it 's also poorly crafted with many imperfections and it does n't make a good sound . The carving was nowhere near as cool as on the picture . Do yourself a favor and skip this one !
 After extremely favorable reviews last year in Keyboard and Electronic Musician , I have wanted a pair of these for a while . Finally bought a pair , and returned them the next day . Bass is weak , mid-range is weak . I am not a `` golden ears '' guy , but have been a professional musician for 40 years , and have my own home studio . I know what sounds good ; more importantly , I know what sounds `` right '' - balanced , even , open and clear . These headphones have NOT ONE of the those qualities.Horns sound like they are buried in the mix due to emphasis on the high end . Bass is not there , piano sounds tinny , the only thing that sounds real are the cymbals , and they lack depth.Even worse , because these are inserted into the ear farther than your standard ear-buds , they are uncomfortable to wear , at least for me . I tried all the sizes of the silicone ear tips , none of them were comfortable.I own several M-Audio products , and they are all of high quality both build wise and sound wise . They struck out here ; the product is very poor .
 What the website does not show is that about 4 inch long microphone antenna had to be unscrewed from the bottom of the microphone so that it can be place in the charging cradle . The antenna has to be reattached for the microphone to work . Very inconvenient ... One of the microphones stayed on all the times even with the power switch on the microphone in `` off '' position . I had to return the microphones .
 This product is a joke . When I opened the package and removed the unit from the box , I can hear metal moving inside , sounds like loosing screws . The micro phone is flimsy and the volumne adjust knob on the mic also broken . Installed batteries and recharged fully . One mic turned on green lights and the other turned on with red lights -LRB- broken -RRB- , but none of the mic was working . When I tried to test it , I can see the signal from the head unit moving , means there are signal between the Mic and the Head unit but the sounds did not output to my receiver unit -LRB- of course head unit pluged into my input receiver -RRB- . I plut the wire microphone directly to my receiver unit and it works fine . I contacted MillionBuy to get the MA # and return the item . After they received the package and did not refund the money . I have to emails and called several times but no success . I finally filed a claim with AMAZON.com . Until this time , amazon said will refund the money but nothing showing yet . I hope in the next few days it will show on my credit card . Go into MillionBuy.com and see their products are junk . They use different name when I shop from Amazon . Their product only compare to flea market or worse .
 Do yourself a favor - do n't buy this product . It 's cheap , typical made in China low quality product.My came with the broken microphone . The company which makes this product is located in Borough Park , Brooklyn in New York City . I live in NJ and work in NY . So I decide to deal with this company directly to exchange the unit . I call them and was told to come for a new unit exchange . When I arrived there the guy said why I came here , we do n't have units here . He said that I should return the unit where I bought it.He practically yields at me saying that too many people coming here for exchanges . He 's attitude was set way before I came there . Imagine how many units are unreliable and how many people are unhappy about this product.I told him that I do n't need a whole unit -LRB- they do n't have them anyway . All of they products made in China -RRB- . They only have broken products there , which they fix and sale again . Finally I talked the guy out to bring me one unbroken mic from returned unit.In the manual it said that when mics fully charged the red light will turn green . This is completely untrue . The light stay red all the time and there is no way to know if mics was fully charged . I 'm not hapy with the sound of it ether . I had cheap wireless mics system which sounds about the same . I used that system for 4 years before it got broken but it was cost me $ 20 . I 'll never buy anything from this company again .
 This samson mic is not good enough if the intent is for audiobook or any other type work that others will listen to . But it is more than adequate for personal use . The gain is super low , so amplification is needed which then increases the hissing background noise . when the noise is removed with noise remover , the voice gets distorted . It was a huge disappointment to me because I wanted to use it for audiobook that others will listen to .
 I bought it for my old Digitech digital delay as a foot control option . Controls some aspects of the unit but does n't shut the unit off completely by footswitch as I had hoped . Still learning what it DOES shut off .
 I have had DW7000 kick pedals for about 4 years now . They held up for about a year and started falling apart . They are fine if you play once in a while and are n't too hard on them . I am in a band that plays live shows at least once a month and I have had at least two incidents where we had to stop in the middle of a song -LRB- while performing -RRB- because the pedal would come loose or some other issue . My pedals are almost unplayable now because the heel of the right pedal has a screw that broke and is stuck inside making it a loose platform . Save your money for another paycheck and get the next one up .
 If you care about your equipment or ease of transport , do n't buy this bag . -LRB- Note
 This seems like a well made bag , sturdy material on the outside and looks nice , but after only about 4 uses the thing started falling apart on me . First , the material on the handle side of the case completely ripped out , and then the next day the zipper broke , too . The inside material is really flimsy as well.I do n't have a very heavy keyboard and I shudder to think what would happen if I did . This is going back ! Very disappointed .
 I was super stoked with it until one day it just stopped working entirely . Since I opened the package , I put it in it 's cradle on the stand and did n't touch it ; and then one day it just cut out entirely . Too late to return it , ca n't get any technical help that does n't cost me more money .
 As other reviewers stated this thing is quiet - I mean the highest volume setting should be the lowest . If your a drummer , guitar player , hell any musician who plays even remotely loud - this thing will be hard as crap to hear . I spend most of my time trying to hear it , rather than just playing . Headphone jack ? same deal low volume not only that its mono only the right ear has the beat . The beat is kept with a digital sounding click which just does n't do it for me . * Edit March 26 , 2010 * I found one great use for this thing - running 3 note per string scales with triplets . Do to the fact I can barely hear this thing I 'm able to focus more on technique and note clarity instead of exact timing . Once you get in the grove with triplets its more a matter of staying there than worrying about rest 's etc. . But , that 's still it only one use - sight reading with this thing is a pain in the rear . I up ` ed it to 2 star 's from 1 due to me actually using it now . I 99 % of the time useSabine ZipBeat 6000 Digital Metronome .
 I bought this product online for both the tuning and the metronome functions . These features work well and the device is easy to use , but it sounds TERRIBLE ! For one , the metronome tones are at a high frequency which is too close to the range of my violin , no matter how high I turn it up I ca n't hear the thing above my playing -LRB- though my ears start ringing -RRB- . And the tones that it produces for tuning are too ... droning and dull - I normally have a really good ear but for the life of me I ca n't tune my violin with this thing - if you want to tune your violin stick with a good old fashioned tuning fork .
 We ordered this item based on other customer reviews . It worked well for about 3 months , but then just quit . We 've tried everything , but have had no luck with getting it to start up again . The return window has , unfortunately , slammed shut , making this a waste . Live and learn , I suppose . The product was a good fit for our advanced , intermediate , and beginner level students . Now , the search is on for one that will last a bit longer .
 I 'm a guitar player and I bought this to be able to hear when I play through my amp . I play my amp at a reasonably low volume - between 2 and 3 on my 100w Twin - and I want a metronome I can hear without headphones . Long story short
 Korg has packed a lot of nice features into a small package , but as soon as I put in the batteries and turned it on , my entire family -LRB- including me -RRB- laughed and said `` we have to return it . '' The little high-pitched beeps it makes are ridiculous -- a high tone for the interior beats and an even higher tone for the downbeats . They sound almost EXACTLY like the beeps in the German `` da da da '' song that a Volkswagen TV commercial made famous . You can hear it here
 This is a good metronome except for the beat tone . It is a beep when I was expecting a click or a tick . If you do n't mind the beeping it will work fine . I am sending mine back .
 The features all work except the headphone jack - if I plug my headphones all the way in , it only plays in one ear -LRB- never had a problem with this on any other players with the same headphones -RRB- . I had to keep it partially plugged out but since I like to keep the metronome on my bass drum -LRB- so it 's within easy reach -RRB- , playing frequently knocks the plug off . I remember having this problem when the first portable cassette players came out in the 70 's but this is now a new millennium and this should no longer be a problem.Even with headphones -LRB- and I have isolation headphones -RRB- and the volume cranked to the max , I still had problems hearing it .
 Cons : It is useless because you can not hear it when you play instruments.Pros : Compact , easily-read display , and low price .
 It barely works . I have it a week , and put my headphones into it , and they started shorting out . I tried them with other devices , and they work fine . If I do n't press the headphones all the way into the jack , they work great , but if I put them all the way in , the sound goes out completely . If I leave them half out , when I start playing they fall out . This works fine if you do n't want to use headphones with it . Otherwise , stay away and find another metronome . I am a long time drummer with experience with lots of metronomes . Spend a little more , and get a little better metronome .
 I play an electric bass and I need to turn down considerably to hear this metronome when practicing . Further , it 's takes longer to change tempos on this unit than on a dial unit -- this metronome jumps by 20 bpm when the adjuster buttons are held down , but that takes a second and if you 're in between the 20 's , you have to back track . Finally , if I need to signal a tempo to my drummer before starting a song , there 's no bright light showing the tempo -- and in a bar , he ca n't hear the clicks on this unit.Avoid this unit if these items are necessary for what you 're doing .
 Not the best and not the worst . The biggest disappointment with the MA-30 is not being able to remove the accent from the 1 beat . Also disappointed with how tedious it is to change from a 4 to 3 or 6 count . But it will get the job done .
 Volume is too low , head phone jack is right side mono only , not EZ to change batteries . I will spend a few more dollars next time .
 The Korg MA-30 metronome came recommended by other music teachers , but it is hard to get it loud enough to be heard above the piano . I am disappointed .
 My problem with this metronome is that it is n't loud enough to cut through the the volume of my banjo . The other issue I have is the tone . The reguarl click is fine but the ping for the downbeat gets lost . It should be a thump not a ping.I ca n't recommend this .
 If you do n't mind a metronome click that is an actual tone -LRB- sounds like a high `` D '' -RRB- you will give this 4 or 5 stars like most people . My old metronome emitted a percussive click which I think is better . If one is playing notes/tones on your instrument and the metronome click is a tone as well I think that is n't good . It is also very annoying . If this is your first metronome it might not bother you .
 device did what it was supposed to do except would not work in both ears when ear plug was pushed all the way in . seemed very fragile . comapany did not respond to my request to exchange for a new one .
 Wow , piece of crap . It only plays in one side of the headphones and the volume control is either loud or nothing . Im no businessman but it doesnt seem like anyone should pay 20 bucks for something that beeps with no other good features .
 I thought Korg would be a great brand to buy , but this metronome is so cheaply made . It looks like it maybe cost them a dollar to make , including the labor . At the highest volume it is just not loud enough to be heard over the piano . It was impossible for me to open just to put the batteries in . My husband , with his stronger fingers had to do it . You have to push in two side tabs and pull apart the two halves of the box to insert the batteries next to the little circuit board . I was worried I would accidentally move something around in there and mess up the whole unit . If I would do it all over again , I would n't pay more than about $ 8 for it .
 I was disappointed in the quality of this item . It was a `` cheapy , '' lightweight quality -LRB- but then it was n't that expensive -RRB- . I also could n't get it open to install the batteries no matter what I did , so I returned it .
 It 's ok in that maybe I 'm the one that does n't understand how to use it that well . . , so I guess I can say that it 's a little bit complicated . It was cheap and maybe if you are a professional musician it would n't be for you but for someone who is just starting to learn music it 'll do the job .
 The first one of these I bought died within an hour of use , so I exchanged it for a new one , which is working so far . The fact that it has a volume control is a plus . The unit gives the impression of being very delicate , even flimsy . The clip that secures the metronome to the ear is so flexible that it comes off very easily . The buttons are positioned such that it 's difficult to handle the metronome without accidentally changing the settings or turning it off . The beat sound is a rather annoying chirp rather than a solid click . Price is high for what you get . I would have given it three stars if the first one I bought had n't been essentially DOA , but since it was , I am giving it two stars .
 I bought this pedal new and I 'm using the power supply that came with it . It 's the last effect on my board before going to my amp . It has embarrassed me twice . First time it would n't turn ON . I stepped on the footswitch 5 or 6 times . The LED came ON but no reverb . I took it apart and found several cold solder joints . I re-soldered and double-checked everything . It seemed OK . Second time it started hissing and rumbling so loud I could barely hear my guitar . The reverb is good when it works but I wo n't let it embarrass me again . I love EHX gear but this one sucks.The pedal I have is the old style , not the newer style with the cast case .
 This reverb pedal is flat and boring . EHX pedals , in general , are flat and boring and I would advise against purchasing them .
 The volume resets to 5 everytime you turn it off/on . And the songs -LRB- which my toddler loves to do -RRB- are WAY too loud at 5 . And the songs are much louder than the keyboard notes . This DOES NOT come with an AC adapter -LRB- wall plug -RRB- -LRB- huh ? -RRB- . You must use batteries or get the not included AC adapter.Sound itself is fine for a kids keyboard .
 I found this box completely unusable . No matter what I did I could not get rid of a severe hum whenever the unit was switched on . I tried everything I could think of to get rid of the problem
 This thing sucks ! It barely does anything besides adding a lowpass filter to your guitar signal , making it sound like your amp is covered by dozens of wool blankets . The only controls that have any effect whatsoever are the gain and volume controls . I have a Danelectro auto-wah effect pedal which cost $ 25 new that makes a better `` envelope follower '' than this Tube Zipper . The distortion is n't that great . Sounds like plugging your guitar into a clock radio . Maybe good for special effects.The chassis is ALARMINGLY cheap ; it feels like its ' housing is made of a slightly thicker version of aluminum foil . If you picked it up and squeezed it with your hands , you could bend it in ! The `` gain '' control wo n't turn freely like the other knobs . It 's hard to turn . $ 200 for this ? Person , PLEASE . This `` envelope follower '' is an envelope VOMITER ...
 We use these for karaoke monitors . Have purchased three of them now and returned one so far and now two more have to go back . After approximately a month of use this unit develops and unknown distortion from somewhere internally . Not from being dropped or anything . get something more reliable
 This bridge is VERY tall . The width is right but the bridge raises the strings about 1/2 inch too high . It is also very thick giving the violin a muffled tone . I bought it to fix up and sell a student violin . I 'll have to cut it down and sand it thinner . Pay a few dollars more if you dont want to do any woodworking .
 The case is too small and I will be returning it . The mics can not fit in the bag . We have wireless mics , maybe that 's the problem . Wireless mics are much longer .
 these are the reeds that come in the cheap rosewood practice chanters . Please , if you have a decent chanter , heck even one of the cheaper ones , do youself a favor and get a name brand reed . For the cheap rosewood chanters , try one by Shepherd , Warnock , Walsh , Crawley . . for better chanters use any of the above , or the Abbott or Gibson wide bladed reed.A decent practice chanter reed , will cost between $ 6 and $ 12 from a reputable dealer .
 I purchased chanter reeds twice . The first time one of three was useable . The second time one of five was useable . There will not be a third time .
 I bought two of these reeds and neither one of them sound worth a damn . One refuses to sound and the other blows so false as to also be unusable . Get what you pay for , I guess ...
 Pakistani-made reeds . The shoddy quality should go without saying.Spend a little more on a good reed . Some of my favorites are Warnock , Walsh , and Apps practice reeds . If you 're stronger and have a long practice chanter , try a Gibson or an Abbott reed
 I bought these pipes because I wanted a cheap set just to play around with and well ... it ended up costing me more than the pipes themselves just to bring them up to par . The bag itself is a stiff leather one from Pakistan which I needed to replace . I also bought better reeds and a new blowpipe because these pipes have a very weird flip valve .
 A decent set of bagpipes are going to cost you at least $ 600 or more . I found that out the hard way after spending over $ 300 on a junk set just like these ! Yea , I go beat up severely but it was a lesson learned ... aside from that the crooked music store I purchased these from is no longer in business for selling such crap like this ! I had to end up spending $ 100 more to make them halfway `` playable '' and even then they didnt sound all that great either ! Bottom line , dont waste your money on this garbage ! They sound flat and just plain awful ... like a gaggle of brain damaged honking geese !! If you are serious about learning to play bagpipes trust me , spend a little extra for a much better set . About all these are good for is to hang on the wall as an ornamental conversation piece and that 's it !!!
 I do n't normally like to give items bad reviews , but please do not buy this product . All I was looking for was a beginner set to practice on before getting a more expensive set . However , these will not play at all , and even an experienced piper could not get them to work .
 Generally , if you see Pakistan as the origin of ANY bagpipe-related gear , best to just avoid it . I 've been a piper more than 30 years and have yet to see anything from that part of the world which was not fit only for display over the fireplace -- or kindling in it . A good chanter reed these days will cost about $ 10 US ; there 's no 2 ways around it , and there are any number of reputable piping sources online , all across the US as well as Scotland and Canada . A decent set of pipes will cost in the $ 1000 range , so if you see a set going for 2 or 3 hundred somewhere -- do n't even bother . Even a decent used set is worth in the $ 600 range -- at least . Same with chanters alone -- a good plastic chanter will run about $ 150 , blackwood about $ 100 more than that . So again , if you are seeing pipe chanters selling for $ 50 -- yes , it is too good to be true . You will be buying junk .
 Generally , if you see Pakistan as the origin of ANY bagpipe-related gear , best to just avoid it . I 've been a piper more than 30 years and have yet to see anything from that part of the world which was not fit only for display over the fireplace -- or kindling in it . A good chanter reed these days will cost about $ 10 US ; there 's no 2 ways around it , and there are any number of reputable piping sources online , all across the US as well as Scotland and Canada . A decent set of pipes will cost in the $ 1000 range , so if you see a set going for 2 or 3 hundred somewhere -- do n't even bother . Even a decent used set is worth in the $ 600 range -- at least . Same with chanters alone -- a good plastic chanter will run about $ 150 , blackwood about $ 100 more than that . So again , if you are seeing pipe chanters selling for $ 50 -- yes , it is too good to be true . You will be buying junk.Also , bagpipes can be extraordinarily difficult to learn on your own . I am very leery of `` Teach Yourself the Pipes ! '' kits -- especially those originating from far corners of the world , many of which illegally duplicate copyrighted material from proper tutor books . It is best to find a reputable piper in your area and take personal lessons ; ideally with a band .
 First off , you learn to play bagpipes with a practice chanter . Bagpipers do not start off on bagpipes . Also , very few of these rosewood Pakistani pipes are playable . Do your research . Yes , you will pay much more for the real thing , but will doom yourself to failure with cheap junk . These pipes are usually just good for wall-hanging or props . If you want to learn to play the pipes you first need to buy a quality practice chanter from a reputable manufacturer . You also need too find a competent instructor . Do yourself a favor and check out any local pipe bands , especially those who are members of competitive associations . Many such bands offer free instruction . Some instruction is also available over the internet via Skype . Otherwise , check with one of the many online piping specialty shops about a quality practice chanter , books , and videos . Local music shops may offer to help by ordering instruments , but are in reality clueless -LRB- ask if they play and for how long -RRB- . You wo n't need a set of pipes until you can competently play several tunes on a practice chanter . Do n't doom yourself from the beginning with cheap junk and poor or no instruction .
 This thing is fake . It does n't make any sound , and I think it 's just an accessory .
 It sounds terrible . I 've been working with pipes for over 7 years and the rose wood chanters are NOT worth it . Go for something more weighty and sturdy . They are not tuned correctly and if you ever get serious , you will need to buy a new chanter anyways . I am also not a fan of the feel of the holes on this one ... too small to give a proper feel .
 The practice chanter looks nice -LRB- especially from a distance -RRB- , even though it is not without flaws . However , as an instrument , it is just not acceptable . It sounds fair but the notes are off . I tried several times and it could not produce a correct scale . So no matter how nice it looks and how cheap it is , it has failed its primary function to play music . Not recommended .
 There are few makers of bagpipes and practice chanters compared to most other wind instruments . As a result , everything bought for piping seems a bit more expensive than it would otherwise be e.g. the price of quality practice chanters . First of all , a beginner does n't need a wooden chanter . They are n't played in a performance setting and are only used for fingering practice . Whether or not any wood practice chanter sounds better than a plastic version is irrelevant until the piper playing it knows how to care for it to stop it splitting . This is especially important when the practice chanter top is also made of wood . Naturally , this cheap piece of crap does have a wooden top . In short , spend the extra money on a quality polypenco -LRB- delrin -RRB- practice chanter and get started on the right foot .
 The chanter was not tuned properly , and required at least a better quality reed and substantial tampering . I 'd recommend going to a seasoned professional and looking into a product that they have experience using .
 I had this chanter and used it for a few weeks before I had to buy a better one . It really is beautiful with the nice looking wood and metal scroll-work . However , real practice chanters are usually made of plastic -LRB- looks very similar to a clarinet -RRB- . After I got through a few lessons , I found it very hard to get my fingers on the correct holes because I could n't really feel them since the wood is so smooth . My teacher suggested a plastic one by Gibson - it was so much easier to play because of the slightly bigger holes and the fact that the holes are slightly recessed . I highly recommend finding a bagpipe teacher FIRST and having the teacher make a recommendation for a practice chanter . The good quality ones are still under $ 100 and definitely worth the investment !
 If you want to learn to play the pipes you need to buy a quality practice chanter from a reputable manufacturer . You also need too find a competent instructor . Do yourself a favor and check out any local pipe bands , especially those who are members of competitive associations such . Many such bands offer free instruction . Some instruction is also available over the internet via Skype . Otherwise , check with one of the many online piping specialty shops about a quality practice chanter , books , and videos . Local music shops may offer to help by ordering instruments , but are in reality clueless -LRB- ask if they play and for how long -RRB- . Do n't doom yourself from the beginning with cheap junk and poor or no instruction .
 not a good deal for the money like i hoped . it had one working channel and it wasnt even a good sounding working channel . get a good one . i wont ever get this junk again
 bought this unit for a sound setup in my garage ... what a cheap pos . dont buy !!!!!
 This Pyramid pre amp looks neat and has enough functions but the quality of sound reproduction is nothing to brag about.I was running the larger Dayton power amp with a pair of Polk TSI 200 speakers . -LRB- All from Amazon . -RRB- Connected to my PC audio out.I really liked the sound but added the Pyramid pre amp to switch in more sources.Some may not notice and may live with this but I do not like the sound being altered .
 previously I buy one of those , the picture show source selector with buttons and this model is good , because each source button have light indicator in each function , that model is PR2500/SEA2500 . but when I order , the sources selector are switched per knob &#34; not light indicators &#34; this model is PR2500/SEA2500X . not liked .
 This unit lasted just long enough for the Amazon return policy to expire . I would n't waste my money on it . Very poor quality !!!
 This item was purchased for my husband , who wrote this review.Having been a semi-professional musician for 20 years , I did n't realize that the included adapter was made for a desk-mounted broadcast mic stand . Although this shockmount is well made and attractive , I bought it to fit my MXL V63M mic , not wanting to spend a million dollars on a shockmount because this mic is cheap but I 'd still like to use it -LRB- a quality mic ; check it out -RRB- . I looked around for the best quality , well made , inexpensive shockmount and found this . The worst part is that the part that fits onto the mic stand is PLASTIC , and VERY temperamental -LRB- i.e. difficult to thread , easy to cross-thread , and then the threads in the plastic sleeve are potentially easily destroyed -RRB- . Although it seems secure , why would you make the part that will endure the most wear and tear out of plastic?Also note
 In May 2012 I bought two of these to mount a pair of AT-2020s based on the pic in the listing and the reviews suggesting the threads are the same.They are not - no ifs , ands or buts.The AT-2020 is so much smaller that the threads on the Samson mount barely bite . That turns out to be a good thing , as the pitch on each thread is different and if engaged could damage one or both .
 I saw the title `` Samson SP01 Shockmount Spider Mount for Condenser Mics '' and bought it , my mistake . It does n't fit any condenser mic , just Samson mics looks like . Looks a good product , but it 's not for my mic .
 Bought this for my AKG Perception 220 mic ... does n't have the right thread . Aside from that it looks pretty good .
 This shock mount does n't fit my V67G consendensor mic . Maybe they forgot to pack a suitable adapter ring . I 'll have to take it down to the workshop and have it modded .
 Added the shockmount and instantly started getting white noise . Did n't even think to attribute it to the shockmount so I was checking all my settings/etc ... doing the whole routine . Took off the shockmount to have the white noise stop immediately.Not sure if I am the only one who has experienced this ... perhaps it 's just a fluke , but sucks on my end . Was n't expecting a shockmount to create noise.Bummed .
 This item is a great , universal shock absorber that mounts on my mic stand without any problems . For the price , the build quality is pretty good , but not great.I have a mic that has a shallower threaded lock ring that does not fit the SP01 . The SP01 's lock ring threads do not extend far enough to engage the threads on the mic . It 's a real issue , as my mic is not a cheap one , and the threads on it are standard . The SP01 should work with it . And I see no way to upgrade .
 The bagpipes are junk and a waist of money . Holes not fully drilled . The reeds do n't play or sound anything like a bagpipe . it sounds like a party horn . The video instructions for assembling them Are a joke and the instructor is from a Third World country you ca n't understand him and the video quality is 1980s ripoff for $ 154
 I had ordered a 16 &#34; disco ball several years ago , unfortunately it was stolen and after several failed attempts to purchase from the same vendor I ordered this one through Amazon and as it was being hung new from the box , several mirror tiles fell off I had it replaced . The new ball arrived very quickly and although the mirror tiles are not falling off it looks like a 3rd grader placed the mirror tiles on the ball . I am keeping it since its my replacement ball and hopefully no one will notice the poor craftsmanship way up at the ceiling , but am not happy at all with the quality .
 This was to be a Christmas gift , but it arrived today and even through the bubble wrap I could see how poorly made and damaged it is . BIG gaps between the mirrors and some have chipped edges . I do n't know what I 'm going to do now for Christmas at this late date , but I know THIS is going back for a refund and I hope that I do n't get stuck having to pay return shipping . I have a motor on order too , but since I 'm not keeping this , that will be going back too .
 This is NOT a true steel string acoustic guitar . This is a low-end classical/folk guitar made for nylon strings , but strung with steel strings instead . This guitar -LRB- as all classical guitars -RRB- lacks the metal truss rod in the neck and the internal bracing needed to withstand the tension of steel strings . The result is a neck that curves forward under the strain , resulting in unplayable string height , and TERRIBLE intonation.It is not ethical to market this as a child 's or a beginner 's guitar just because of the smaller size and low cost . A beginner would go nowhere trying to learn on this . Do not buy .
 I ordered this guitar hoping for a nice decent guitar that was ` nt to expensive . When it arrived , i was greatly disapointed . The glue-job was terrible , the sticker around the sound hole was peeling , as well as the pick-guard . Furthermore , the strings rattled and the string boards were crooked and bent . Even for a cheap guitar i expected a lot more . I would ` nt buy this guitar for even 10 dollars . THIS IS A HORRIBLE BUY !!!
 The Amigo is n't realy large enough to be a Tenor
 While the notes are accurate during the time this concertina works , this concertina has buttons that stick , and notes that stay open even when the button is n't pressed.If you 're thinking of taking it apart to try and repair it , good luck . The screws pictured above do n't turn very easily . Obviously they were n't meant for taking back out . If you get them out , though , you then have to deal with the fact that the place to access the buttons is - GLUED SHUT - . So good luck getting in there.Also , I had to make a new hole in the hand straps to get it tight enough , but that may just be because I have scrawny hands.If you 're looking for a cheap and affordable one to try to learn on , I 'd pass on this one , even though it is a 30-button . Unless you can learn it all up on a day , it wo n't be worth the money ya pay on it . I guess I 've learned from my experience though . -LRB- at least it arrived in a timely manner . -RRB-
 Too short for my son to use at school . Arrived on time good condition but useless to him to use with school band
 was n't happy . could n't get much backlight color to show up . waste of money . not shipped in sturdy packaging so sheets came bent all to H E double hockey sticks .
 i personally just dont use it . so i would not buy it again , its not that there is antthing wrong , i just have no use for it .
 I fellow student at my Capoeira academy got one of these , looks just like the picture -LRB- after you string it -RRB- . Tiny sound , the wood does not look like biriba , it is too stiff . For $ 95 you can get a real berimbau from other sellers like VirtualCapoeira , capoeira dot com , or capoeira-shop . Do n't waste your money here .
 I bought this berimbau thinking it would be at somewhat like the picture . The berimbau arrived straight with no bend . The seller does not mention any of the instructions in the description , that it is shipped as straight piece of wood . The arame broke the first day trying to tune the instrument , since per the instructions `` You may find when you first receive your Berimbau , the tone is not pleasing , since it is purposely shipped out of tune '' . Would not buy again from this seller .
 This product is advertised as a Meinl Cajon ; in actuality , it is the Meinl `` Nino '' series Cajon , which -LRB- as the name implies -RRB- is intended for children . This would be comparable to purchasing a full drum set online and receiving a playskool plastic Fun 'N Drum set , or some such nonsense . Very disappointed .
 If your expectations are to purchase this music , see and play the guitar chords that Switchfoot plays you will be very disappointed . The suggested chords sound nothing like the actual song . I was especially disappointed in `` Dare You to Move '' which has a quite wonderful , very distinct acoustic guitar opening . The book 's version , however , is quite poor sounding nothing like the actual song . I had to go to `` You Tube '' and find everyday folks doing covers to learn how to play the song since this book fell so short .
 $ 280 for the sloppy quality control and poor manufacturing that I see ? No . Very poorly made . Mine was drop-shipped from Pearl . The box was perfect - no impact evident . But , the backrest leans to one side by at least an inch or more . This is supposed to be the top-of-the-line ? And on a throne that costs $ 280 , should you see staples on the backrest ? No . I called Pearl customer service , and the guy actually said that the backrest misalignment was because it had been `` tightened down too much - I 'm not saying you did this , but '' ... Ridiculous.There is no way to lock the seat to the base and still have the seat swivel . Loosen enough for the seat to swivel , and the seat will come right off if you lift the whole thing by the seat.Great idea , poor execution . I 'll not buy Pearl ever again .
 These were just too tight for me . Also , I have tenitus so the cones more or less just made the ringing in my ears echo . Might be good for someone with a smaller head and no ringing in their ears , but just not for me .
 I am a student in training for drumming ... and I do not like them ... since it hurts your ears while drumming for an hour ... I mean ... really hurts your ears . . since this is only in my opinion ... Thank God I only use these once a week.P.Smith
 I bought this to replace one of my older control records , the package itself came right on time but when I opened it to check it I found it was cracked . The box and material it was shipped in looked like they would hold fairly well so Idk what happened . I 've already ordered new ones but as I said I was just a little bit disappointed .
 What appeared to be a nice system was damaged when we received it . It was a Christmas gift and could n't be used . A new one was supposed to be shipped out ASAP and 2 - 3 wks later we had yet to receive it . Upon contacting Beach Audio ... they were currently out of stock ... however , we did receive credit in a timely fashion ... just no replacement .
 I bought the Fender Passport for a new school , to be used in the music room daily and onstage a couple of times a year . I take excellent care of sound equipment . After about two years it quit working . I took it to the only authorized Fender repair facility in my area -LRB- still a considerable drive away -RRB- and found that the repair store was full of broken Passports ! They had to send to China for parts , and then when it was returned after being in the shop for months , it stopped working again almost immediately . This time Fender replaced it as it was under warranty . A year or so later it quit working again . I left in in repair again for several months , and finally Fender decided that they would replace it again ! So in less than 5 years I am on my third Passport . A year later ... guess what ? It stopped working again , and now of course it 's not under warranty . This time it actually quit working in the middle of our elementary school 's holiday concert . The Fender Passport has been nothing but a nightmare ! Third system not working , many visits to the repair facility , many months waiting for it to come out of repair each time , and student performances ruined . The authorized Fender repair technician had nothing good to say about this sound system either . Avoid it !!!!
 I 've owned a pair of Vater retractable wire brush sticks for years -- they were excellent , sturdy and great sounding . After extended toll , I decided to replace them with another pair -- I mistakingly ordered these sticks -LRB- the cheaper , non-retractable model -RRB- . The result
 I got the Frontman mainly to use around the house for guitar and bass . The 10 '' speaker seemed like an advantage -LRB- especially for bass -RRB- over several in the same price range with 8 '' speakers . The first surprise was that the assembly resonated around the low A of a bass , even at quite moderate volume . We 're not talking about gigging level . Hard to say if it was the speaker , the cabinet , or something loose inside . The second and almost simultaneous surprise , when I started playing guitar , was that the dog was clearly suffering , and began howling . The third , a little later , was that my wife , who 's very tactful and would n't complain , went to the bathroom and gobbled a xanax.It 's a simple analog amp . It behaves predictably with pedals and stomp boxes , and you can somewhat control distortion with the guitar 's volume pots . In the good value for money column , it is a loud little bugger . If you can get up to 6 on the master knob without the neighbors coming over with pitchforks and torches , you 're probably living in the woods . I would n't try that with a bass unless you want to shred the paper speaker cone . But above 6 , another surprise
 I bought this exact model based on the price and the picture , and want everyone to know the fraud going on . This guitar comes in many bright colors , in both the standard and cutaway shapes . This review would apply to all variation of this ` Crescent ' brand guitar.This is NOT a true steel string acoustic guitar . This is a low-end classical/folk guitar made for nylon strings , but strung with steel strings instead . This guitar -LRB- as all classical guitars -RRB- lacks the metal truss rod in the neck and the internal bracing needed to withstand the tension of steel strings . The result is a neck that curves forward under the strain , resulting in unplayable string height , and TERRIBLE intonation -LRB- notes off key at different frets -RRB- . It is not ethical to market this as a child 's or a beginner 's guitar just because of the smaller size and low cost . A beginner would go nowhere trying to learn on this . Do not buy .
 This thing is absolutely god awful . It 's only use is a recording device to remember melodies . It is impossible to time this piece of trash correctly it has a terrible delay when you hit the pedal . Waste of money . So if you are wanting to play live do n't get this garbage pedal as the timing is so off there 's no point .
 I scanned through all the reviews and no one has mentioned that these things have a tendency to fail . I 'm a drum teacher and I 've personally owned 4 pairs of these and have had dozens of students buy these . When they work these headphones are great . They are much lower in price than other isolation headphones and the sound quality is acceptable . What is not acceptable is that the soft plastic that holds the foam earcups in place will eventually fail . What 's worse is that the wires eventually become damaged and stop feeding sound to one or both speakers . Before they fail fully there are always a handful of months where the connections work intermittently , which is also quite frustrating.As such I 've searched extensively for an alternative that survives for a handful of years . My solution is to buy a pair of inexpensive isolation ear buds and a pair of job sight ear muffs . This setup has benefits :1 -RRB- The isolation is much much better ! I can drum full blast with my ipod level set at a third of it 's capacity and still hear the music clearly over the drumming .2 -RRB- Costs a lot less . JBud sells isolation headphones for $ 10 , and I 'm sure you could find an even better deal if you searched . The ear muffs can be purchased for $ 15 or less . Add these together and you 're looking at paying less than half what you 'd pay for these vic firth headphones .3 -RRB- If the headphones fail -LRB- and let 's face it , eventually any wire will die -RRB- , you only have to buy a new pair of headphones . Modular systems are the best ! 4 -RRB- This may seem obvious , but either the headphones or the earphones can be used on their own.The downside is that properly inserting isolation headphones is a bit more time consuming and awkward than just slipping on the vic firth headphones . If the vic firths ' did n't break down so often I would definitely be a fan . I hope this review is appreciated as I always use amazon reviews to get a sense of anything I 'm considering buying .
 I have had these for 5 months using them regularly in the studio recording drum parts . Isolation is great but durability is crap .
 Before buying Vic Virth I was using a combination of shooting range muffs with in-ear phones . If you think it was rather uncomfortable setup you would be right , so I thought any other isolating phones would be better than that . Vic Virth proved me wrong . Not only noise isolation in their phones is nowhere as good , but I 'm getting headaches after just 10 minutes of use , while I could easily wear muffs for couple of hours with no particular discomfort . They should have put health hazard warning on them . Another thing , I do n't know what materials they used , but your ears feel pretty hot pretty quickly , much more so than in any ear muffs I used before . And finally , though I did n't expect the phones to reproduce the sound on the level of other similar priced ordinary phones , but I must mention that this set sounds similar to one dollar phones you get on a plane .
 A little background as to why I purchased these . I use these while cutting hay so I tend to where them for many hours at a time . Comfort is more important than sound quality in my case . The pocket in the headphones was not large enough for my ear to fit inside comfortable , so within a few minutes they begin to make my ears very tender .
 For the amount they charge they could give you a wire that does n't short out so easily . I take care of ALL my wires and instrument cables . I would n't pay 50 cents for these had I known this ... The sound is awesome , but without a functioning wire there nothing more than glorified ear covers .
 I bought these to use with an electronic kit . I started using them around the last week of 12/2012 . Since then , I have only taken the headphones from where they hang on my kit 's stand and placed them on my head for 1-2 hours on a daily basis . There is no stress on any wires , or any part of the headphones for that matter . I put them on today and after about 10 minutes of use , the sound in one of the speakers started breaking up when I played the kick . The volume on the kit has rarely gone above 70 % . On all my other headphones , the kit 's sound is fine and does not overpower the speakers even at full volume . The Vic Firth headphones however are now busted in one earphone.The other reviews that complain that the headphones do not last are correct . I am bummed because otherwise , they seem like great isolation headphones . I am hoping there is a warranty .
 If only it worked properly . Maybe someone can help me out on this . I 've ordered two different set of headphones both have stopped working immediately out of the packaging . Is there something I 'm doing wrong or is the equipment just faulty ?
 This is my second purchase of this product and both failed me after less than 6 months of use . The problem is with the sudden issue with the sound which appear to be due to the wiring just going in to the headphone . Both headphones started having sound issues where the right or left side would start to suddenly be static , sound coming in and out . If I were to hold play with the cable going in to the headphone would relieve the issue but when I let it go . It comes back . Like I said this is the second one I bought , same issue . I do n't know if there is a way to open up the headphones to see if there are loose wires , but I do n't know how to open without breaking . But I guess since I am throwing these out anyway , I may as well see . Vic Firth is still a good noise cancelling headphone . Its stereo version however , failed for me .
 i bought a pair of these headphones , and im not impressed . they 're good if you 're planning on using them as hearing protection for when you 're playing acoustic drums , but the sound quality is pretty bad if you 're planning on listening to music through them or using them with an electronic drum kit . I also have a pair of beats by dre and they 're amazing , not even in the same category as these vic firth headphones . but then again there is a big price difference between the two ... just goes to show that you ca n't get a good pair of headphones at a cheap price . you get what you pay for .
 these things suck , they broke after the third time I used themI do n't even have a big head , but these are not flexible AT ALL
 When I originally saw the ad for this guitar online the price was advertised as a reglular price of 129.00 . -LRB- On sale for 40.00 -RRB- After I recieved the guitar I was shocked at the cheap quality . Do n't let the nice picture in the advertisement fool you . This thing can barely be tuned properly . I was very disapointed in the guitar itself but the customer service and the shipping was fast and great . I would buy from this seller again assuming a better product . However , I think the regular price should have been advertised as 40.00 and the sale price 5.00 . Great customer service . Fast shipping . Poor quality merchandise .
 My friends , DO NOT BUY PLEASE . From far away it looks really nice , but you look at it up close and it is just spray painted , the wood is super horrible quality . As soon as you place your hands it it , scratches will show and the guitar will get easily dented . You wo n't even be able to tune the guitar . Also , the bridge of the guitar is not even centered . Horrible !!! It is better to wait and spend money on a kit from Yamaha or Fender for double the money . Probably will turn out better that way . It is a toy guitar . You 'll know what I mean if you decide to get it . Wood with stickers is all this is . Sad but true .
 this guitar looks great , but when my grandsonstarted to play it a couple of the stringsbroke off.Not worth getting .
 I bought this product because it was exceptionally cheap.However , I realized why it was so cheap when I opened the package.I bought this guitar as `` NEW '' . However , the guitar had many visible scratches and dents.There were even marks of super glue between the neck and the body of this guitar -LRB- apparently not something that was there when it was made in the factory -RRB- . There was a huge scratch -LRB- about 1.5 inch -RRB- on the head of the guitar and the seller colored it with a red pen , hoping that it would not show.This was the single worst product I have ever gotten from an Amazon seller.It is very possible that other product of this seller -LRB- if there is any -RRB- are ridiculously low quality as this guitar was.Please , do not buy from this seller .
 The Pearl base is cheaply made despite it appearing to be heavy-duty , is the opposite of road worthy . When I first got it , I was impressed with the qiuck release height adjustment and bought one for a club I play at regularly . Granted , this club presents 2 bands a night 7 days a week , but the Pearl base was destroyed within a couple of weeks . Not just the tightening hardware , but the base itself was completely falling apart . The seat is still in great shape and is still being used at the club with a generic brand simple design heavy-duty throne base ...
 I give this one star because the amp modeling is kind of cool . Most of the effects are totally unusable , and sound poor . Perhaps I got a bad unit , but after reading reviews on Behringer products elsewhere , I 'm not so sure . Most of the effects just sound plain bad , no matter how you tweak them , with the exception of the chorus , but the chorus alone would not entice me to keep this item . Some of the effects are downright cheesy , and the Ultrabass -LRB- Octaver -RRB- only tracked properly in a narrow range of notes . Very disappointed , as I thought it was a cool concept . Returning for a refund . Buyer beware !
 This product does not work . Lights blink with every turn of the dial . I contacted Behringer but they have not reponsed yet.Too late to return to Amazon . I guess it is now a Fancy Door Stop .
 Just simply not worth it . A pain to install , and not any noticeable difference from standard plastic washers . Looks worse than regular plastic washers too .
 I do n't know what went wrong but the thing stopped working in about 3 weeks playing at about 1-2 hours per week !!! I hardly got to know the thing !!! I am way down in the Caribbean and to ship that back to the US a hassle . I 'd rather call it a sour deal . hope you have better luck with yours .
 As far as construction goes , this appeared to have been built solidly . The design itself looked quite nice and the features were easy to use . Unfortunately , even as a practice amp goes , this one is poor at best . I 've been playing guitars for nearly 30 years . I 've had everything from 5 watt battery powered amps to stage amps . I received this package today , 1/25/10 . I removed it from the box , set up , and did what any good musician does
 Well , this is my 2nd Behringer product . The first is the HellBabe01 wah wah pedal . Very good ... especially for the price . So , that convinced me to try out the GM108 amp.I received it yesterday and I have to admit ... I really like it . Has very good sound although you have to set it just right . The distortion is not the best , and it can overwhelm you . The amp modeling is not bad , although there seems to be very little difference between the U.K. and U.S. settings . I 've read where people complain the clean setting is too quiet . Hmmm ... mine seems to be fine . It 's not super loud , but not soft , either.It seems to handle my HellBabe and Digitech RP55 mutli-effects pedal pretty well , also.I have n't tried connecting my iPod to it , yet , but I think that is a cool feature . Also , not sure if I will use the amp modeling very much , since the RP55 has that covered . I plug headphones directly into the RP55 when I need to be quiet , so I do n't need that in the amp.So , why 'd I get it , then ? Easy , it beats lugging my 32 year old Hohner 1230 around . The fact that it has a few features and sounds great is just gravy for me.I definitely recommend this amp . Oh , yeah . . sounds MUCH louder than 15 watts ! It 's a whole lot of amp for $ 60 ! I had my my eye on a Fender Frontman 10G . I think this is a much better deal!May 6th 2010 update : Well , bad news . My amp developed a horrible thud noise and static when playing . Thought it was my less than 2 month old Epiphone SG-310 which I 've since returned . Got an Epiphone LP-100 , plugged it in and it 's doing the exact same thing . Tried a new cord as well.I 'm swapping out the amp for a new one . Should be here in a couple of days . Let 's hope it last 's more then 30 days thistime ! 2nd update May 10th : Well , goodbye amp . Makes the exact same thud , muddy , staticy sound through the headphones and without them ! Tried several new cords , too . I just set it up to be returned for full refund.Trust me , try one of there other -LRB- bigger -RRB- amps or another brand .
 I received this amp from Parts Express on 12/13/2012 , and when I open the carton I noticed the manufactured date code on the back of the chassis is 1010 , October 2010 . Must have been sitting on a shelf somewhere for more than 2 years , ok . . , let 's see how it sounds . By the way , this is a gift for a beginner that I know . The first thing I noticed when I turned it on was that there is a hum coming from the speaker . The hum is n't real loud but it can be heard up to 4 or 5 feet away . The hum is present even when ALL the controls are set to minimum and even with no guitar plugged in . This just is n't normal for a new amp , not even for a budget amplifier . Definitely not good , esecially if you 're going to mic this amp . I found a YouTube video of someone demo-ing this with a mic up close to the speaker and I could not hear any hum in the demo -LRB- I listened carefully between the tunes , of course -RRB- . I plugged my Gibson LP into it and it does n't sound bad , it has lots of gain and plenty of volume even playing clean . Too bad , I really would like to keep this amp but the hum just is n't normal . I called Parts Express and told them about the issue . They told me I could send it back for a full refund . I said I would like to try another one and I asked if they could test it for hum before they send it . They said there was only one left in stock , and agreed to test it before sending it . Their Tech Service called later in the day and said the remaining unit in stock had the same problem , so they sent me a prepaid shipping label for returning the amp and they said they would refund my original purchase price plus shipping . Today , 12/24/12 I noticed a $ 79.99 credit to my Credit Card , the price of the Amp but they did n't refund my shipping charge as they had promised . I also noticed that they still have the one unit left in stock with the same hum problem available for shipping . I doubt that I 'll being placing any more orders with Parts Express .
 the guitar arrived in a huge box - seemed to be ok - but , before we realized it - we discovered that the guitar was not really very durable - it was dropped and cracked very quickly - many heartbreak tears later - we could n't fix it and it had to be thrown out - it cracked between the shaft and the guitar itself and broke in two pieces - for a little kid who loves music and had just received the drum set that he absolutely adores -LRB- cymbal broke and dad was able to repair this -RRB- it was very sad - i do n't think that i will order another instrument online again and will , instead go to the store itself . sorry - it was very easy to order thru the email and i was very pleased with the response and quickness of delivery but the product was n't very strong for a child .
 A student brought this instrument in to use for band and it did not play correctly . It has inconsistent intonation throughout the register , which can destroy the confidence of a young musician , causing them to lose interest . The case does not keep up to normal wear and tear that a beginning student will cause . This review is simply about one of these clarinets and maybe you will get lucky but that is not always a safe risk . Spend a little more money to help your kid be successful and enjoy music . If the price looks too good to be true , it probably is .
 The range did not work well in our building and would not make calls in most of the areas I used it . . I sent it back for a refund .
 THIS IS NOT GAFT TAPE . Purchasing this is like purchasing duct tape . If you need gaft -LRB- stage tape -RRB- , sometihng that will not leave a residue on your stage and cables then this is not it . This also has a gloss finish on it instead of a flat black so it will give off a reflection when under light .
 I purchased this product to secure cords on the floor of events , as I do with gaffer 's tape . Because I was rushing the shipment and had other expenses I thought I could save a few $ $ $ since this tape was less costly than the 4 '' black gaffer 's tape ; they looked like they served the same purpose and both had a cloth base.What I found is that this tape is glossy/shiny , and not matt like gaffer 's is . This was a good thing in the environment where I wanted to draw attention to it on the floor . . would n't be so great if I wanted it to be discrete.My bigger dissatisfaction is that it does not tear nearly as clean as gaffer 's tape does , and splits vertically up the run of the tape way more easily than gaffer 's , making it a PIA when putting it down.I 'd recommend spending the few extra $ $ to get the gaffer 's if it 's in the budget .
 Honestly , I thought the pad would be a little bit bigger ... I guess it did the trick , but a little too pricey for the size .
 I wanted something that my daughter can play that is not a 3 foot tall bongo . She is almost 11 and wanted them for Christmas . I got a mini set and the small bongo is about 3 1/2 inches diameter with the large one at 4 inches diameter . I expected about 6 inches for the small one .
 THIS IS NOT WHAT I WAS LOOKING FOR , THEY ARE SO LITTLE ITS NOT FUNNY!SORRY ITS ON THE WAY BACK TO AMAZON.COM
 bought these drums , and they arrived last week . these are the smallest drums you 've ever seen . Ever . They are useless . The cost is entirely unjustified .
 purchased these for a 7 year olds birthday , and given the chance , i would n't do it again . the top of the drums look like a soft cloth or leather , after getting them in , i see that they 're more like hard plastic , not at all soft and they 're VERY small . i was n't impressed with them . for the money , i feel could have gotten a much better present
 Wow , these bongos are the smallest bongos I 've ever seen . They are too small for my 2 year old to play . I have trouble understanding who these were made for since they are just ridiculously small and not really useable as an instrument .
 WAY smaller than they appear to be in the picture . Not to mention they sound horrible . Might as well turn two bowls upside down on the table and tap on those . Sending these back immediately .
 Unfortunately , I just put this guitar back in the box and taped it up to be returned . The official reason for the return was some shipping damage , but I decided to get a refund instead of a replacement because the quality of the instrument -LRB- aside from the damage -RRB- was not worth the purchase price to me.There were small cracks around the sides of the instrument where the electronics were installed as if the screws had been overtightened . When running your hand down the side of the neck , rough ends of the frets stuck over the edge . There were several areas where the finish had already began to bubble or peel back . All in all , I was shocked at poor quality after the positive things I had heard about Luna guitars . I did think that the parlor-sized body and slender neck were comfortable and well-designed , which made it that much more disappointing to pack it up and send it away .
 Do n't trust the reviews , go to the guitar store and check it by yourself . Use your common sense to check if a guitar is durable . I also own another Luna electric thats made in Korea . The quality is ok except one of the frets had to be replaced . This acoustic to me its a trash . I had to replace 2 of the frets that caused buzz .
 The title of the sale item was refurbished parlor guitar . Unfortunatley the term refurbished did not suggest the unboard electronics did not work or that there was a crack in the upper bout of the top sheet .
 This product does ` nt work any better than a Microphone I purchased at Radio Shack for $ 29.95 . As a matter of fact Radio Shack worked better . I 'm very disapointed in this Sony product .
 Ordered one of these for recording a business meeting ; it was dead on arrival . -LRB- The power light would flash briefly when it was switched on , then nothing . -RRB- Asked for a replacement ; it was also dead on arrival -LRB- same symptoms -RRB- .
 I ordered these on the recommendation of a friend -LRB- I think he saw them advertised but does n't own them himself -RRB- , and -- they 're terrible ! Better than what comes out of my laptop , but that 's the best that can be said . The sound is all mud with no highs . I immediately returned them .
 Bought this item by the name thinking it was something else entirely ! When I got the item I was little shocked on how it looked but also giddy to try it out . After trying multiple times to try and get this toy to `` work '' , some which hurt very badly , I gave up and looked only how to work it and found out it was a musical instrument ! AN INSTRUMENT ?! WHY WOULD YOU NAME AN INSTRUMENT A VIBRASLAP AND NOT EXPECT PEOPLE TO JAM IT UP THERE!gave one star since it works well as a musical instrument .
 I purchased a Cecilio Blue Lacquer Alto Saxophone Kit a few months ago.The overall appearance of the instrument is pretty good for the price.The tone and playability is also very good for the price.I have had problems with the Blue Lacquer coming off on the neck of the instrument and on the back side of the bell.I went to a local hobby shop and purchased some model airplane paint thesame color and have touched it up so it does not look so bad.I feel that the lacquer peeling off in this manner is a definite rip offso I can not recommend this instrument .
 It broke with in 2 months . The co. would not even talk to me . I asked if they would credit me something and I would up grade . NO they said but they did say SORRY
 The item SKU is not the item pictured , the SKU is for a soprano or alto sax.This picture is of the 60 something dollar harness.Do not order this item if you are needing for a tenor , or bari sax .
 Played on these for months without realizing why I did n't like my tone . Eventually replaced them . Glad I did .
 Behringer and Co. has made a lucrative career out of stealing other manufacturer 's hard work . Behringer simply buys any innovative audio products that do well on the market , reverse-engineer a clone , send the schematics and other specs to Chinese manufacturers and order them by the cargo-load . You 'll see evidence of that in this amp.The preamp section is EXACTLY like the Sansamp GT2 from Tech 21 . Behringer even has the audacity to advertise the same number of presets as the GT2 . The amplifier is a hybrid clone of several Crate stereo amplifiers ; actually just a low-fi consumer-grade solid-state amp.There 's nothing wrong with solid state amps , until you push them beyond their limits.The GT2 is a good American made product . I have one I 've been using for years and it gets great tones very easily.Because it has three amp styles , three mic settings and three gain structures , they figure it has 99 possible combinations.My math says ; 3 cubed = 27 . The reality is though , the control knobs allow you to adjust within those basic settings to a nearly infinite degree ... that is assuming you have a power amp and speakers that can adequately reproduce the preamp 's tones . The amplifier section of this amp is NOT 60 watts . It is half that at best.For those who do n't know : Audio manufacturers commonly LIE about power ratings by using a dirty trick of OHM 's LAW . Doubling impedance halves the power , or stated conversely , HALVING the Impedance , DOUBLES the POWER . Another underhanded trick many manufacturers use
 This guitar had all the right formula for being a wonderful blues guitar ... UNFORTUNATELY the build quality and setup were so bad that this instrument -LRB- label used very loosely -RRB- was virtually unplayable.Everything buzzed from cone , and cover plate to the lugs ends of the strings where they passed through the tail peice and touched the body.The sound quality was very poor for a biscuit bridge resonator ... very dull and soft with no bite on attack or sustain . The only saving grace for this guitar was that the action was ok . good for finger or slide although the neck was too narrow for slide work.I had to send this back ... sorry On a posative note , AMAZON WAS GREAT ABOUT EVERYTHING !!! Good job Amazon ... Very bad job DEAN !
 The picture on this is deceiving . I thought I was buying a hollowed-out clave that would be much more resonant . That said , the sound is n't too bad , but I 'm just keeping it for the kids to play with .
 Bought these to replace the factory heads on hubby 's drums . Considering all he AND the rest of the guys in the band did was complain about them -LRB- sound , fit , durability -RRB- I have to say I 'll NEVER buy these again . Oh , and the bass head broke the first time they played out with them . Thumbs down !
 The blues changes are the most important changes in jazz . So the aspiring jazz musician may look at this album , see that it is `` Volume 2 '' and contains `` nothin but blues '' , and logically assume that it is a good teaching tool to learn how to play the blues . Unfortunately , that is a mistake.I do n't know what Aebersold was thinking way back when this album was made , but it is simply too advanced to learn the blues from . Although there are a few 12-bar blues tracks here , most are variations on the basic form . We have our rock tracks and our 6/4 tracks and 16-bar blues and a blues shoehorned into Charlie Parker 's `` Confirmation '' changes . All of these are necessary for the jazz musician 's development , but not for the beginning student . I came away from this album thinking these are blues from circa 1960 Blue Note recordings , so it was funny to read the same comment from the previous reviewer.If you want to learn how to play the blues in jazz , purchase Aebersold 's Volume 42 instead . Give this one a pass for a couple years . And by that time you probably will be skilled enough to skip it completely anyway .
 I do n't care for this tuner . I have not , however , used the metronome or chord finder . The tuner is a lighted display , and the light jumps back and forth from sharp to flat when you are trying to tune a string , so you do n't know which way to go . No matter how long I tune a string , I often ca n't get the light to stay on solid green , meaning that the string is in tune . I had a cheap Seiko tuner that I gave away that worked great .
 Bought mine off Amazon . Good for learning chords you never knew existed.BUT , There 's guitar tuner apps that 's WAY SO MUCH MORE ACCURATE ! There is no moreneed for such items as this tuner for people who own a smartphone ... Dont even think about tuning -LSB- attenuation -RSB- with this tuner , it 's not that accuarate & stable for that.This item developed a poor battery connection after a short time , making the user have to tap , spin , re-install batteries etc. . . everytime it is used.I found several free Android apps that made my Samsung Fascinate phonea MUCH MUCH AMAZINGLY more accurate tuner !
 No problem with the metronome -- hard to screw that up unless you 're really trying . The chord finder might come in handy when you 're out in the boonies without your laptop , but too much hunting through the lists for my taste . And the tuner ? Forget it . Stupid thing goes nuts even in a dead silent room . One minute I 'm flat/sharp - turn it off , come back and get different readings -LRB- sometimes a whole half-step -RRB- . Made in China says it all to me - should 've known . Do n't waste your money . Resorting to writing my own laptop program and sticking this piece of garbage in a yard sale .
 Difficult to read in the light and in the dark . Difficult to use . Cheap piece of junk .
 This thing only shows part of the chords . The thing is defective . Did someone get a deal on defective items ?
 Ordered this processor and tried it out . Many of the effects were great , but I needed more adjustability for tremolo and so decided to go a different route and return the unit.Most items purchased on Amazon.com can be returned for a full refund , including shipping . UniqueSquared will charge you shipping and a substantial restocking fee -- read the fine-print before you order with them.Buyer beware .
 This item is very big , heavy and has a poor tone quality . I tried to return my order but the return shipping costs exceeded the value . Very disapponting and in the trash .
 When I first tried incorporating the `` M-Audio Firewire Solo US35030 Firewire Audio Interface '' into my system , I was greatly disappointed . My home studio is run by Mac OS X 10.5.6 , and this product was definitely not made for a Mac . The software and drivers were both out of date . Also , if you plug in the module while your computer is on , not only will it not work , but you actually run the risk of disabling that connection without an easy fix -LRB- So , the Firewire Out port on the interface wo n't work with the same Firewire port on your Mac anytime in the future -LRB- Or so the manual said -RRB- . That said , when it 's not causing problems , it works alright -LRB- just not great -RRB- . With Windows , I ca n't comment . However , I do suggest that you go with a USB interface anyway .
 1 . It does n't work .2 . Manufacturer 's own instructions say hot swapping may destroy the device and your computer!I ignored other warnings about using this with Mac OSX and tried myself . It was a nightmare . And I do n't usually post much negative about products , but this one is plain scary . Support for it was non-existent through M-Audio . This is the second bad product of theirs I 've tried -LRB- out of 2 attempts -RRB- . No thanks.Save your self a lot of frustration and time and buy something that works right out of the box , and will not damage anything by using it .
 I consider myself rather knowledgeable when it comes to computers but I must say the driver issue with the M-Audio audio interface makes me rate this product a 1 star . When I rebooted my computer , I would have to go back in and reconfigure the device which took away my time to actually record with it . Fortunately , Amazon allowed me full credit when I returned it . I now have the Line 6 Tone Port UX1 and it does everything I need with no latency and USB 2 interface .
 This was my intro into home recording , mainly guitar-based music . I initially ran it on a low-end Dell with Windows Vista 32-bit . It worked fine until one day the computer did n't start up . Turns out the hard-drive was fried . Hmm . Got a new computer from Dell warranty and the same thing happened ... 50 GB worth of my personal music gone . Plugging the AC into the Firewire Solo when it was connected via a 4-pin cable turned out to be shocking the system somehow.Fast forward a few years - the Firewire Solo remained in storage until recently when I got it out to use as an ASIO interface for the NI Maschine and on my new , much faster computer . The unit just does n't work . Audio only works for about 30 seconds before it cuts out and a refresh of the signal is required.Perhaps its an actual hardware issue , but this unit has been sitting mostly on a desk for its life ... I 've scoured the internet for several days trying to find out a solution , which I have finally found
 This card works well for a while and then just stops working . I 've had it for over a year and have been back and forth with tech support . Their answer is always the same -- uninstall the drivers , do some genuflections -LRB- on OS X this involves repairing permissions a couple times ; if you search the net you will find several folks with the same problems under Windows -RRB- , and then reinstall the drivers . And they say hopefully it will be fixed in an update . There never was an update that addressed it , and the `` fix '' works fine , until the card stops working again . All the software responds normally but there is simply no sound coming out . The reinstallation process is tedious and unacceptable for an allegedly class compliant device.M-Audio makes decent audio products at reasonable prices ... the name `` audiophile '' is a misnomer here but the sound quality is not bad when the thing works . The problem is the constant threat of the sound randomly going out -- sometimes it works fine for months , sometimes it loses sound only hours after reinstalling -- has made this thing frustrating as hell over the time I 've had it . And the support sucks -- the people are nice but they have no suggestions other than the same old reinstall game ; they acknowledge the problem but there does n't seem to be any hope that it will be fixed in future drivers .
 The M-Audio Firewire Solo fit everything I had hoped for in an Firewire interface , If only it had worked . I could not get the Solo to be recognized by my Macintosh G5 -LRB- running 10.4.11 -RRB- . After searching the web -LRB- and reading reviews here -RRB- I found that this is not an uncommon issue with the M-Audio Firewire Drivers and Macintosh computers . M-Audio 's website has a Mac Forum with step by step help but after following the instructions I still had no success . Some work . Some do n't . Thankfully the Seller took the item back . So buyer beware - If it works GREAT ! But it might not .
 Since I bought this device 1 1/2 years ago , it 's never really worked well with my mac . Perhaps pro 's can use this easily , but I just wanted to plug my guitar or mic into my mac . I 'm running OS 10.5.5 , and I 've tried updating the drivers , I 've tried re-installation , but it 's just never worked right . It kind of worked for a while , but not consistently and never very well . Now it just tells me that no device is recognized . Customer support from M Audio is completely non-existent . If you 're looking for something that is plug-and-play , save your money & look elsewhere .
 No stars would be more appropriate for this device which constantly disconnects itself from the computer , plays audio only when it wishes to do so . The software that comes with it is terrible and the drivers are not fully compatible with Windows -LRB- despite their claim -RRB- . Unless you want to put up with having to restart the Windows Audio Services every time your computer goes to sleep or having to restart your computer whenever M-Audio decided it is time please do n't buy this monstrousity .
 Each day I have to reboot my machine because the audio outputs either stop working or start to pick up a lot of noise/static . Searching around the internet seems to indicate M-Audio drivers for OS X are not to be held in high regard.If you havea Mac , I would think twice about buying M-Audio audio interfaces . -LRB- For the record , I have OS X 10.4.11 -RRB- .
 Unfortunately , I have an Intel Mac . I researched this item extensively prior to purchase and nowhere does it tell you that it has trouble with Intel Macs . The only driver on the M-Audio site is from early 2006 and does not support Tiger 10.4.11 which is what I am running . I installed the CD-ROM that came in the box , but the unit would not show as being hooked up to my Mac and I could not use any of my Pro Audio programs with it . I could n't even open the M-Audio control panel on my computer . I then went and installed the most recent Intel driver from the M-Audio site and it got a me a little further ; I could now open the control panel so that it could tell me that the device is n't plugged in . All of the lights are on on the device but it is not hooking up right to my computer somehow . Me thinks this is an Intel issue.Of course now when I go to research this issue I find all the Intel problem reports that I did n't see somehow before I bought this item . Bottom line , this is an outdated item -LRB- it is a few years old and has not been updated -RRB- and it has outdated software support . I 'm not sure if just the latter is the only problem or if the two issues work in concert with each other . I wish I still had my G5 so I could try this thing out and confirm that it really is an Intel issue , but I do n't . I just have my 2.2 GHz Santa Rosa MacBook Pro.I am returning this to Amazon and now I will have to start looking for a mobile audio solution again . I knew this thing was too good to be true when I saw the price , and I should have gone with my gut .
 This thing has given me endless headaches . It 's not clear whether it 's just glitchy or if it 's poorly supported by my Mac laptop . Sometiems the output ports are available , sometimes they are n't . Sometiems the inputs work , sometimes they do n't . The nature of the problems is hard to discover/troubleshoot . Sometimes a restart fixes the problem , sometimes it does n't . When it works , it works well .
 No instructions were in the box ... . I ca n't figure out how to assemble it.The way I have it now -- not sure now what to do.I want to send it back for a refund or exchange ... but do n't want to pay for shipping.VERY Disappointed in that part.Thus never could really assess the essence of the product .
 I brought this as a Christmas present for my daughter . I did n't want to buy one from the local retailer b/c the strings were always flimsy and customers and kids have played with it in the store . Avoiding all of this I came to amazon in hopes of getting one that had better craftsmanship and quality . After opening it , I found that it had neither . Avoid purchasign it you will be disappointing . My daughter is 7 yrs old . This guitar looks like a banjo . If it was n't because it was a ` Santa ' present , I would have sent it back . Please consider this review before purchasing .
 Do not recommend this for anyone . The case came covered in mildew and had to be cleaned over night . The strings do not hold their tightness at all . Cute guitar if you just want to mount it on a wall . Not worth more than $ 2.00
 This guitar does NOT look like the one in the picture , and is very poorly made . The paint quality is very poor , as I just took it out of the box , and there are places where the paint is chipped . Also I purchased this one that was a few dollars more than another I looked at because of the accessories it came with . Well , the case that is included , is a tiny thin red canvas bag .
 I just want to let anyone who is thinking of buying this that it is a cheap piece of crap . I was n't expecting anything spectacular for the price , but I at least expected an intact item . Well what I got was a cheaply made , scratched up , mostly non assembled & what was assembled was done so incorrectly , BIG DISAPOINTMENT . I 'm not sure it is even SAFE for a child to play with . BUYERS BEWARE ... DO NOT BUY THIS !!!!!
 Had the pink guitar shipped to my five year old granddaughter for Christmas . The morning she opened it , her Mother began to tune it by tightening the strings per instructions . The guitar cracked down the middle and broke half in to . My granddaughter was very upset and cried for awhile . This product will not be recommended by me .
 I bought this guitar for my 3yr old . I am disappointed that I wasted almost $ 35 -LRB- including s & h -RRB- the strings are hard to tighten and then it breaks easily . They put extra strings but it really doesnt work . I will rather buy a better guitar . I dont recommend this guitar .
 I bought this as a present for my nephew . We were VERY disapointed . The finish was bumpy , had nicks in it . Very cheaply made . This belongs in a dollar store .
 Bought this Guitar for my 6 year old Granddaughter . My son tried to reach at least a partial tuning . Strings continued to break . When I tried to return it , Austin Bazaar went into annoyance mode giving me 5 days to photograph the problem and send it to them so their product review section could ascertain whether or not it was legitimate . I simply threw it in the garbage and went to a music store where we were treated right and got her a guitar that she is enjoying .
 Unfortunately , I have to agree with Channy Lynn ... The guitar was to be for Christmas , and we had to close it back up in the box and send it back as it came Red not Pink and was made so poorly , it was not worth the $ 29.95 ! Target carries an adorable pink one for the same price , oh , not sure if I can advertise , just trying to help others out if you ordered this and are stuck at the last minute to get a `` Pink '' guitar . Good Luck .
 I sent this as a gift . It looks good but it does n't work well at all . The string tightener does n't hold tight and strings break too easily.DO NOT PURCHASE THIS !
 Item is cheap . The strings will not work . They do not tighten so kids could not/would not even play it . They say it is broken and put it down . Total waste of money . Plus other parts on the guitar fell off completely when I took it out of packaging . Very disappointed .
 My toddler received this as a holiday gift and it has been a huge disappointment . The strings are not tight enough to strum , and there is no means to adjust them properly . We took it to a guitar center to see if they could improve the situation , and they said it would cost $ 50 to replace all of the fittings to make it usable . I would not recommend this to anyone .
 The price of the guitar was cheap and that is exactly what you get for the price . The guitar is n't made well and it 's very hard to tune to the correct sounds . I bough this for my daughter because she wanted to play guitar with me and her being so young I did n't want to buy her an expensive one yet . This is just for show , not real acoustic sound will come out of it .
 I ordered this because of its super saver shipping and because of its model in the description , `` 5a '' . When I received the drumsticks , a sticker is on the sticks saying its a SSGN model . I thought this was an error , but when i compared it to the stick chart at vicfirth.com I find out it really is n't a 5a model . Do n't buy unless you plan to get a SSGN .
 This mimi cabasa was a waist of money . It produces very little sound . I regret having bought it . I expect that a larger version of the same instrument would be a good buy .
 The fabric is thin and the stitching is terrible with threads coming out and gaps in the joints . I wo n't be using them anytime soon .
 I bought this mic believing all the great stuff that was advertised on the page , and for way cheaper than I expected . I was very excited when I received it , but only expecting it to work so far as a $ 20 mic should , and it fell short - on its face . I plugged it into my stereo system and I let it run through it 's little testing phase , but I always ended up with the screen telling me that there was an error . Assuming that the stereo system was at fault , because I desperately wanted to believe that my mic was not defective , I plugged it into every other possible place that a microphone is compatible with , and nada - almost . When I hooked it up to my TV 's speakers , via various nerdy cord hook-ups , I did manage to get some sound through , but so little that even when I turned up the volume ALL THE WAY , I had to practically scream into the mic just to get a faint echo of my voice through the speakers . Okay , commence complete deflation of hope for this thing to work . Sayonara , dysfunctional-waste-of-money and thank you , Mr. UPS man , yes , I AM returning this . Sometimes cheap really IS just cheap . I would absolutely not recommend this whatsoever - chances are , you could find something that works 150 % better for probably a few bucks more . Anything is worth more than this . The only thing that redeems it , is it 's simplicity , and ability to imitate a working mic in appearance .
 It did n't even work ! They make it look nice and everything but what you get is what u pay for . Do n't buy one of these ever !
 I use several microphones for recording audio training courses . I usually use a USB connection to a laptop or desktop for recording . Two years ago , I bought this one because of it 's jack . Unfortunately , the sound quality was too poor to use for even general purpose recording . It seems to be OK for Q&A sessions , but I have a wireless mic that has better sound quality than this wired mic.Every now and then , I 'll try the microphone on different equipment , but the sound quality is still too poor . It now sits in a drawer in my office .
 I hoped that Sony would deliver a better product even for it 's low price but , it did n't ... at least not for this one . 1st off , it was n't `` NEW '' , it was `` LIKE NEW '' . The mic had clearly been used before . And it started off ok , then the quality of the sound declined to bad at best . The signal cuts in and out for live and studio recording . And when it does stay somewhat `` steady '' it fades from strong to weak . Avoid .
 I 'm a big fan of Sony 's products , and appreciate their usual excellence in pretty much everything they do . The quality of this microphone for recording audio files to save on your computer , though , is deplorable . I do n't know how this does on a speaker live , and it could very well sound fine with one , but I 've tried using it on my computer and the sound is still soft even with its output volume increased 200 % from any given program . I 've checked my sound drivers , and not even ASIO4ALL could change anything . I only bought this microphone for voice recording , and I 'm shocked at how incapable it is against all of these positive reviews . Most of the people here use this microphone for live use , and like I 've said , I ca n't tell you if it works for that or not ; that point is needless for me.All I really know is that this microphone was under twenty dollars , and that it does not place anywhere near the Sony standard for audio recording . I would expect the audio output I was making to be from a microphone bought from a Chinese wholesale manufacturer , not Sony.Maybe I can Make * Believe that it actually works beyond the quality I would expect from the `` Made In China '' labeling on the side of the hardware .
 Well you get what you pay for with this item . I had a gift card so it was kindof a waste . I mean It works its just really low sound , and not the best quality . I have a computer mic that does much better . So I read the reviews and thought it may not be the best but I tried . definetly need to pay more than 18 bucks for a mic . 30 to 40 will be the better kinds .
 The microphone seems to be lacking in base ... the sound is not as good as my samsung Mic .
 Hardly picks up the sound through the MIC input port on the laptop.Tried 2 laptops , this mic simply sucks
 I may have assumed I was getting more than I paid for , but the dynamic range on this mike make good for little more than child 's play .
 I guess you have to expect for the price it wo n't be spectacular , but it was just plain bad . Did n't install without a lot of conf changes and even then , the sound was bad . Do n't waste you time or money , just move on ...
 This item is terrible!I hate it so much.When i first got it i was so excited , and then i turned it on and BAM , it didnt even have a little bit of volume.seriously ?? is n't a microphone soppose to make u louder ? i could just hear myself talking , but not with a loud voice.I have good quality speakers , and even with the volume turned up , there was no amplification .
 Buzzes very very loudly unless you ground the bridge/strings/tuners by touching them . Some sort of wiring problem inside . This is my first guitar , so beyond that I ca n't say how good it is.Look at something else . I 'll have to see if I can get it serviced by yamaha . Very annoying problem , I have to keep it turned down as low as possible to deal with the buzz and still hear some guitar sound out of the amp .
 Arrived with a big chip out of the wood and a broken string . The chip was there when they packaged it becasue there was no evidence of splinters in the packaging . The whole rig is very poor quality and sound . My suggestion is to look elsewhere . This was a Christmas present and I was extremely embrassed when it was opened and the chip and broken string revealed . Amazon has really slipped recently .
 The electric cord that came with the amp was cut , I had to use tape to put it back together .
 The sound produced can get pretty loud but as soon as you start turning up the distortion the quality nosedives . The thing broke when I lightly tossed it onto a pillow . A pillow ! Come on . I mean I know you should n't be tossing amps around , but this thing broke way too easily .
 The giro I was shipped was n't fish shaped , unless the fish was tailess , and the sound was n't great . I plan on returning it . The paint job was vaguely fish-like , but did not resemble the photograph in the description .
 Poorly made . I returned it . I replaced it with a Boss FS-6 , which works very well , although takes up a little more room .
 Ive got back issues ... I had DW throne and bought this backrest . Was n't happy with it . I bought a roc n soc throne with backrest and compared them side by side ... Much better . The DW is heading for Craigslist ...
 This sitar looks beautiful but if you are looking for a playable sitar to take seriously then this one is not for you . A beginner 's sitar or introduction to how a sitar functions . Its worth the money but serious sitar student should look elsewhere . Mine is a beautiful addition to my recording studio and can produce the right notes if you know how to tune it . It does not stay in tune very long and I was a bit dissapointed . That said it is still fun for EXPERIMENTATION OR INTRODUCTION to what a sitar is and can sound like
 I purchased this for my son who wanted a real sitar but is only 7 . I chose this because another review stated it was perfect for aspiring musicians which led me to believe it could be played and would produce music . Not so ! The strings are like the ones you would find on a cheap toy guitar purchased for $ 1.99 . Although the sitar looks nice from a distance , an up close look reveals a very sloppy finish and paint job . My son has lost all interest in this `` instrument '' and I would not give it higher than 2 stars .
 This item is for decoration only . I would not get it for playing . Put it up on a shelf and say aaaaahhhh .
 Common sense will tell you ... . if you buy a half sized piano , pizza , tomato , wrist-watch ... . you get half ... . that 's it , half.When it comes to sitars , they depend upon full scales to make them sound good.It should n't be rocket science to understand . The sitar , like the piano , is an instrument made to project it 's full qualities . If you 've ever been to a piano recital , you can rest assured the maestro will not come on stage bearing a half sized piano.If you want a wall-hanger , or a chic-magnet , then buy this , by all means . If you want to seriously study and play the sitar , please check out RainCityMusic or Ali Akbar College of Music .
 At first I did n't know what a pouch of black powder was for until I put the mick on and found it bare . It was an extra fiber cap . So far , the sound is n't near as clear as my flip video . I do n't like making purchases where I have to make a second to fix it .
 I ordered two of these and neither one works with my iPod Nano . The iPod does not detect them as microphones .
 Though advertised as working with iPods , this does not work with the 6th-gen -LRB- multitouch -RRB- iPod Nano - other headsets with mics do work fine with it . It 's galling that the box claims the manufacturer to be `` The iPod Experts '' . Also , though advertised as new I received a used , open-box item .
 I had this thing working and then the bottom fell out . I believe in my heart Jesus Christ is the son of God and I confess him as my Lord and Savior . Lord Jesus , I need you to do a miracle . Thank you , I am getting a replacement .
 If you are interested in this product you should be aware that this melodica , as well as Hohner 's green `` soprano '' melodica , are virtually impossible to play with any real musicality . I am a semi-pro keyboard player , arranger , composer , and producer , and I have a few other melodicas . The problem with the red and green models is that the keys are sized such that they have spaces between them , which makes it quite a bit more difficult to achieve fluid fingering . The only reason I could imagine justifying the purchase of either of these models is if you happen to be a collector -- in which case you have quite a lot of superior models to look for before these ! In fairness to Hohner , however , their other , larger models are generally decent .
 We bought this Piano because it was a special offer , not on Amazon . I regret not having read more about it in reviews , if I had , I would have bought a bigger keyboard for the same price and been happier . If my daughter did n't like it , and the reviews about returning the Item were n't as bad as they are , I would send it back .
 This piano does not match its description . It sounds more like a poorly tuned Xylophone than a piano and the keys are very loose which does not give a realistic piano playing experience.The sellers also make it very difficult to return this product since I would have to pay for return shipping without being reimbursed by the company , which would be paying more in shipping than the piano is worth ! I would not recommend this item .
 Piano sound is very PAD.Good looking and good for baby Three years old . But the sound of piano is like door bell .
 This little toy piano is adorable . Unfortunately , when I opened the box I was shocked by an awful odor -- it smelled like a powerful insecticide . I removed all the parts from the box and put them out on my screened porch for a few hours . This did not help.I would NEVER give this piano to my grandchild .
 Student guitar to me , some one who doesnt really know any thing about guitars but likes the sound of them , just means cheaper quality materials and wood and what not . Not smaller size . Sounds off in the tune as well . I 'm going to try with nylon strings but steel core is not for this guitar . I wish I put more effort in finding a good cheap guitar , this is not it.The color is good though & it will be prefect for some one who 's never played guitar to get used to tuning and fretting , but if you know how to hold one , tune and strum , then you want a better guitar .
 This strap is terrible . I 've bought 4 straps so far , this was the most expensive yet . It 's the worst thing I 've ever used . Feels so cheap , not real leather , feels synthetic and very cheap . I hate it . If you like tweed , go for official Fender tweed straps .
 My band used this mixer for live performances . We went through two of these mixers before giving up on Behringer mixers . Within 6 weeks , 2 channels on the first mixer failed . We were able to return it for a refund . We decided to give Behringer another chance , and bought another . Within a year , 4 -LRB- FOUR ! -RRB- channels had failed . We do not abuse our equipment at all ; the mixer was always transported in a padded case , and always handled carefully . We replaced the second Behringer with a Mackie Onyx 1640 . Yes , it 's a lot more expensive . But nothing has failed in years of use , the preamps are better , and we can focus on our music rather than worry about when the next channel will fail.Kudos to those who have managed to get 5-star performance out of this mixer ; our experience differed radically . I expect it might be more reliable in a fixed installation.A side note
 I had high hopes for this instrument ... but the fact that it uses a COMPLETELY DIFFERENT FINGERING SYSTEM from a sax , a recorder , a flute or a clarinet is a deal breaker for me . All of those WWs use a 3 & 3 sort of fingering system , three fingers of each hand to give a basic scale . The Xaphoon adds the left hand pinkie finger into the mix . -LRB- That left hand pinkie has always been an `` extra ''
 Not what we expected , finger holes don &#8217; t seal well , and it doesn &#8217; t play in tune ... Mouthpiece is uncomfortably thick ... Still searching for the high octave ... Disappointing at best !!! i &#8217; d return it if i hadn &#8217; t already put my mouth on it ...
 with more than two year of sax experience . It sounds bad , I have tried to do everything without success . I hope to send it back to the seller .
 Very disappointed in this instrument . If I could return it , I would . It has a very awkward fingering position , the mouthpiece is nothing close to a typical sax or clarinet , and is not removable , so do n't believe that you 'll be able to use any other mouthpiece . I play sax and repair them as a side hobby . I thought this would be a good one to use as a carry-all , and not have to do much of a learning curve ... . not !!! I would not suggest this for any type of ww replacement/filler . Not user friendly .
 Could not get a note out of it . Returned for a refund . Not for me ... I 'd rather have the real thing .
 This `` instrument '' is very difficult to play due to the hugly fat mouthpiece which does not allow a normal woodwind type bite on the reed . not what it was made out to be !
 Since I play the saxophone I thought this would be fun and easy to take along for practice on the road or to make music for my granddaughter to dance to.Try as I might , I can only get one squawking note from the Xaphoon.Manipulating the finger holes make absolutely no change in tone.Not sure if I got a flawed product or if they are all this way.Pay your money , take your chances , but it did n't work at all for me .
 This was one of those great purchase I did for my son since the day I got this unit he was so happy that made my day this a great piece for music thank you for doing what others company ca n't do great stuff great prices good job
 I figured I would try and see how these strings are , and I put them in , stretched them , then tightened them , and stretched them again before final tuning . I bent it up 1 note higher , and broke it without even getting warmed up . Not something I would buy again .
 The IE-10 and 1E-30 shine because of their replaceable cables . Earpieces last forever , the cords do n't . Sadly , the entire AVID/M-Audio universe is clueless about how an owner might actually purchase a new cable.After a year of research -LRB- with multiple IE-10s and IE-30s idled -RRB- I discovered that `` Ultimate Ears '' by Logitech manufacture these ear-buds , and has plenty of cables on hand.Order here
 all plastic easliy breakable , super super twisted speaker wire , one wrong pull or yank and you just broke your speaker wires internally.this is by far the best example of cheap , inferior materials right outta china .
 These headphones were sold at a reduced price , and now I know why . One of the channels went out within 6 weeks . It was a total waste of money .
 I bought it and i am not a satisfied customer . I now have to be trying to acquire another headphone.Sometimes it 's ok and at other times it 's just distorted .
 Not Numarks best product but ay for 11 bucks they sound pretty damn good so if you need some back up Dj headphones there worth the money !
 Bought these in September looking for find some good cheap headphones with good sound quality and , block exterior noises as well as for occasional hobby DJing . They did a great job while they lasted . 4 months later I only have sound out of my right ear . Never yanked on the or mistreated them at all . Just one day stopped working . I 'm sure it 's a loose wire somewhere inside but coming from Numark I would expect a lot better quality , and not have to take them apart . Comfort above the head is OK , a little uncomfortable when you wear them around the back . Sound is also decent.Would not recommend these even for the cheap price . They can be all okay , but if they break after 4 months it 's not worth the money IMO .
 I must say I am disappointed . The Right ear went out after about a week of use . The headphones where handled carefully so I can only assume they were defective .
 Sound quality
 These look good , but they are n't of great quality . The right ear faded in like 20 minutes . The ear holes are also really small and it feels really uncomfortable . If you accidentally press the ear part , the sound goes away completely , its like a button that should n't be there , maybe somewire gets pressed or something .
 pretty on the outside but the sound is poor , do not waste your money on this product , I have a headphones bought to amazon -LRB- Gemini DJX-03 and American Audio HP200 -RRB- and it sounds much better than this .
 I do n't know if my problem was typical or not , but I had an Axis 9 for less than a year before the display began to glitch and the player started taking longer and longer to cue . Before long , it stopped playing altogether . Mind you , it never left the bedroom - it was n't dropped , shipped , or otherwise mistreated . I took it for repair at a reputable shop and was told it was n't repairable . Bam - out 400 bucks.Again - do n't know if this is typical Numark quality or not , but I 'm switching to Pioneer.I will say , I did enjoy it while it worked . The effects were cool , and the re-start function allowed for some unique mixing . The short lifespan turneed me off unfortunately .
 I am a professional DJ - randomly during gigs/events when I am playing a song , the song will loop or repeat itself in a particular spot , without any notice and without the activation of the Loop Feature or Repeat Feature . The product is made of crappy plastic , and easily scratches . In fact , I 've only had the product -LRB- I own two of them -RRB- for a few months now and there scratched on the sides , and at all the gigs I 've DJ ` ed with them they 've encountered some issue . I am infuriated with this product , and would recommend to all that you never purchase it . Its embarrassing to be DJ ` ing a set and in the middle it just stops playing , loops over and over again , or repeats the song . Do not purchase this product .
 I bought this item from Musician 's Friends through Amazon . The item arrived as expected . When I opened the box I noticed that the product was not the same . First thing is that I did not receive the explosion color , instead I received the two tone green color . I did not like it very much but it is not too bad.And second I did not receive the item as Amazon describes it . Amazon says that it has a pair of EMG 81/85 pickups , but the guitar came with differents pickups which are not even like the EMG . Very bad pickups . I guess I will have to buy EMG pickups separately . Very very bad for Musician 's Friends ... what a pitty : -LRB-
 The legs wo n't sit flat on the floor so it rocks.It has a strong petroleum smell - like I 'm sitting in the middle of a gas station.Made in China - who knows what toxic chemicals are in this thing ...
 QuikLok BX718 Deluxe Padded Keyboard Bench - LargeI brought the BX-18 model , which is supposed to hold up to 300lbs . I do n't weigh nearly that amount . I weigh under the max . weight appropriate for the BX-14 as well . Anyway , I used the BX-18 for 4hrs and found myself crashing to the floor . It broke that easily . The retailer -LRB- which was not Amazon -RRB- said they have not had many problems with this bench , but I am skeptical although they are shipping me a new one . Problem is the study medal pins that mainstain the selected height sit in a plastic cylinder . The plastic cylinder gave way and the pin is now embedded in a slanted position in the defective plastic piece . They advertise about the heavy duty metal but your weight is supported by heavy duty plastic . Why is n't the pin sitting in a metal piece instead of plastic ?
 This is a piece of junk . I used it about 10 times , and the microphone and receiver quit functioning . It still plays MP3 's though .
 WEAK & SHALLOW !! Weak in the fact , that when the signal feed knob is in the maximum position , the reverbs & effects ARE WEAK AND SHALLOW !! So much said for the highly acclaimed `` Rotary Speaker '' setting !! What Rotary speaker did Alesis model that setting from ?? Certainly no rotary I 've ever heard-AND that effect is WEAK !! `` Bout as much as can be said about this `` highly rated '' box is the high price - for a thin-shallow sounding box.Want REAL reverbs and lush effects from a box of this similar size , check out the excellent ART FX-1 PRESONAL multi effects processor . I think Alesis tried to model this junk after the ART FX-1 , but it 's not even close .
 I was very unhappy with the quality of this product and I plan on returning it . A professional was unable to tune it for me due to the pegs not working properly . I would say the only thing this violin is good for is to look at . It is pleasing to the eye but not to the ears . I will not order another , but I do plan on spending more money to get a better product .
 Not what I expected because it does not fit the mic that I wanted it to . Ask yourself this question before purchase , Do you like chicken ?
 Why spend that much money when you can built your own windmuff ... go check out this video in youtube -LRB- / watch?v = 1WWkQh-hwiA -RRB- to learn more on how to create your own windmuff for less than 10 $ .
 The velcro dos not much at the end of the mic ! if you have hard wind you have nice ! thanks
 I have to say that this used with my Rode NTG2 Shotgun did not produce very good results . I was recording dialog outside , and in my experience it simply did not cut the wind to where I could use the audio . In other words the wind took over . In the end we had to stand between two buildings while using the Deadcat . I know Rode also makes a blimp , but I 'm not sure I want to try that unless I could try it first.I 've had great experiences with other Rode products , but not this .
 This was a total waste of money for me . It only likely fits Rode stuff but I did manage to squeeze it over my foam wind gag . It is very flimsy and the fake hair falls out constantly so watch your lens for stray hairs . It has no shap whatsoever - looks nothing like the picture - very flattened out and look like a squashed rat on the end of your mic . Honestly this is a really crap and over-price item which barely makes any difference at all . A dead cat would certainly work better than this fake one .
 Tried this on several on-off comparisons in different wind conditions . . Really had little or no impact on any breeze over 5 mph . At 10 mph , the wind effect was awful and the deadcat offered little value . I would not recommend - a cheap , consumer-level product .
 What they do n't tell you anywhere is it goes with the Rode foam windshield . and does not work alone . My last furry windshield attached directly without the added foam . It should state this somewhere in the description . Now I will purchase the needed foam windshield to make this complete .
 I bought this a few years ago for my Rode NGT-2 . It comes in handy but I 'm really not impressed by it . It blocks out a brief breeze or 2 but beyond that you are going to have awful audio because this thing ca n't stop bigger gusts of wind . I 'm going to buy the Rode WS6 which from youtube test videos looks FAR more able to block out wind and a big price cut has been made so I 'm stepping it up .
 I liked the product , had to return it , could not , which is fine according to policyhowever , did not appreciate the way I was treated , will not purchase fromthis vendor , ever ...
 At first installation I was totally impressed , the sound is awesome . However some other friends warned me that the plastic ring that holds the muffler will crack . Sure enough I had the head maybe 6 months and the ring cracked and that cause a rattling noise that is just unacceptable . The sad thing is that I use this drum a max of 3 times a month so this becomes an expensive proposition . I 've gone back to the Aquarian SD2 and glad that I did .
 The item as shown did not arrive with the mount and post . The only thing that came was the tambourine.If the mount and post were optional it should have been shown in phantom or noted to be an extra item .
 Very disappointed ... the description was a bit misleading this metronome casing is PLASTIC ... and does not look like wood -LRB- no matter what planet or country you are from -RRB- . Overpriced !!
 Item was received a few days before Christmas and seemed to work OK when first checked . However the camera had very low resolution and the CRT monitor -LRB- Black & White -RRB- is very limited in contrast , brightness and sync stability . When really used the first time , the video output jack was connected to a TV and I immediately found that the monitor video slide switch was intermittent and caused the video output to the TV to fail . I plan to return the item for a replacement and I might even consider up grading to a better machine .
 It arrived fast and we wrapped it and let our daughter open it up for her birthday party . It was a karaoke party . Was ... . the machine did n't open the CD player , making it impossible for us to continue with our plans . We spent more time trying to figure out if it was us - it 's a simple machine , easy to use , easy to figure out . I read lots of reviews before I purchased this one and I 'm not only disappointed , I 'm furious that such a lack of quality control would be allowed on Amazon - and do n't even ask about how my daughter felt when her little 7th birthday party bombed hard after the main attraction showed up defective . This is our second over $ 100 purchase from Amazon that has been defecive upon arrival . No more for us , we 're done with Amazon . Shop local !
 When I ordered this Karoake system , I thought it was a great value for what I was suppose to get . I was suppose to get the Karoake system and 3 Karoake DVDs . When we received the package , there were no Music Cds with it . The company was pretty prompt about returning my email and letting me know that it was not set up on Amazon properly and was suppose to only be 1 music DVD and then they quickly mailed it to me . I 'm not sure that I would have purchased this item through Amazon.com had I known I was only receiving 1 CD/DVD . I think I could have purchased the same item or a comparable item at a lesser price .
 This trumpet served its purpose , but it 's very poor quality . My son managed to bend his trumpet and caused one of the valves to get stuck . I took it to a music store to see if it could be repaired and because of the low quality construction the trumpet was unrepairable . The service tech was able to polish the inside of the valve chamber so it would n't hang up at the point of damage , but any slight buildup inside the valuve chamber would cause the valve to stick again . If your child plans to participate in band for many years look into buying a better quality trumpet . This trumpet is what I would call a `` Disposable instrument ''
 Headset did not work and cord was too short . Also connection was not a standard 1/4 &#34; plug-in , it required additional connectingcord and connection was too bulky .
 I received this along with a pink keyboard for my daughter for Christmas . The keyboard had paint missing and you could see the original color which is black . Then they promised to send new one and never did . Do n't deal with these people . I know I never will purchase from them in the future .
 I knew it was cheap when I bought it but since I receiving it , it sits in a drawer not getting used . I usually buy single function stomp boxes so this is my first &#34; multi &#34; function pedal after 30 years of playing . I 'm not impressed in the quality of the tones , the usefullness , construction and probably the reliability.save your money and go get an ice cream .
 This had a wee little shielding problem where a large local radio station played through my amp whenever this was in my pedal chain . Apparently this is a problem with some smaller , inexpensive pedals .
 the octave on this isnt very good . the distortion is ok , but i would go with the boss oc-3 or 2 . that redal rocks hard .
 this thing is worthless ... effects are crappy . too hard to move from one bank to another . . the main reason i got it was for the pedal , now its going on craigs list . Dont waste your money on this junk .
 I bought this before last Christmas and have had problems with the unit working . The unit is not easy to understand how to use
 Ive had this pedal for less than a week and have already had problems with it . The knobs come off extremely easily . Its also hard to get the stinkin thing open . Also , the sound is horible . It sounds no diferent than an amps overdrive . If you really need a pedal , or enjoy overdrive , get it . Otherwise i dont recomend it at all . Spend a little more and get a Digitech metal master .
 I got this case for my warlock guitar , but it dose not fit . the weird spike thing that comes off of the edge still sticks out . For any other guitar this case works fine , just not a warlock guitar .
 This is a beautiful guitar bag . I loved it ... until I went to put my bass in it . I have a b.c. rich bronze series warlock bass guitar . . and about an inch or a little more does n't fit in the case ... so if you 're looking for an affordable cool looking case for your warlock bass , look past this one .
 Amazon offered this item as an add-on for the H2 Zoom recorder . The screw on the addapter does not fit into the base of the H2 recorder .
 Although this product was recommended with the purchase of the H2 audio recorder . It does n't fit . And there is no return on it so I got scammed out of my fee purchasing this . Buyers Beware ! Just because something is recommended when you buy something on Amazon DOES NOT MEAN IT IS COMPATIBLE AND WILL FUNCTION !
 I tried this adapter to go between a 5/8 '' mic stand and a boom that was threaded 3/8 '' . I tightened the adapter into the boom with a pair of pliers and it snapped right off . This adapter would work to adapt a mic clip to a stand , but nothing heavier than that .
 I like products carried by Johnson strings and think that they are wonderful people , However , I 'm sorry to say this product lets me down . First off , it did not properly fit my kid 's 1/2 violin . Those screws are not strong and the thread is not in good precision . The pressure is not applied evenly when the screws are tightened . We ended up replacing the screws from another older chin rest .
 This Item is a Fake Ad you will not get a Odyssey FZ19CDJW Flight Zone Dj Coffin With Wheels For A 19 Mixer And Two Large Format Cd Players for a $ 104.99 it will be something else . do n't wast your time
 I was excited about the price and the previous reviews , but this product was disappointing . I bought it for my 18-month old daughter but the sound was muffled and subpar . I may have to spring the $ 45 - $ 50 to get a real drum that actually works .
 Bought this item to experiment with the univibe sound . For 30 bucks , this sounds okay , but you can see why people are willing to pay upwards of 250 for something that really has the watery swirly character . Fairly uninspiring sound , does n't immediately force you to play Pink Floyd for half an hour . Maybe on different rigs or at louder volumes this would work for a few songs , but at least for me , I should 've saved my money.My main complaint , however , is that the pedal is very noisy . I have a nice VOODOO lab 's power supply , and even with that there is a lot of buzz and hum with this pedal as soon as you engage it .
 I was very disappointed with the sound of this unit . The `` vibe '' effect -LRB- it 's actually a Univibe-type effect , not true vibrato -RRB- sounded very `` fake '' to me -LRB- not at all like the Cool Cat Vibe from the same company -RRB- . There was a noticeable volume drop when the effect was engaged , and I also heard some noise in my signal chain when the effect was not engaged . Combined with the -LRB- known -RRB- cheap construction , that made this pedal a big disappointment.Based on YouTube videos , I 'm going to give the Cool Cat Vibe a try ... it seems to have a much more realistic Univibe sound -LRB- and apparently uses the same optical technology as the original Univibe -RRB- : Danelectro CV1 Cool Cat Vibe Pedal
 This is a cheap imitation of the classic Boss OC-2 Octave pedal . It only has one input and one output . It has three pots ; the original signal level and two lower octave levels -LRB- oct-1 and oct-2 -RRB- . The three can be adjusted to add as much low-end as you -LRB- or your amp -RRB- can stand . Turning oct-1 up a little , does a fair imitation of a baritone guitar , but if you turn it up beyond halfway it digitally breaks-up , distorts , and becomes randomly inaudable . As musicians say
 I am a very serious trumpet player and thought it would be sweet to have a blue trumpet . I found out that it has a low warranty and is for beginners . I did n't buy it , but I want to let any other serious trumpet players that this would probably not be a very good choice .
 We were disappointed with the quality of this Q Chord case . It has no padding . It has no good hinges and no good fastener . The hinges are the plastic case itself and the fastener is just a plastic clip . Both will evenually break off with use . It would be more of a $ 10 item than a $ 50 item that they charge . I was expecting a quality case like the Omni Chord used to have . . It seems things are being made cheap these days . What has happened to quality ?
 I bought it believing that what I was getting is what the photo shows . in the box the mic came without the goose neck . now what do I do - go in search of a goose neck . very disappointing .
 My daughter has owned two of these shoulder rest and was not pleased . One of the metal pieces on her first model -LRB- a full size violin -RRB- snapped off . The foam of her second model -LRB- the 15 '' viola -RRB- peeled off and is now completely covered in duct tape . Two other musicians that we have talked to say the same
 I 'm looking for a karaoke that plays cd 's with graphics and also plays cassette tapes WITH GRAPHICS . Does the mks5001 do this or do you have any machine that does.Thanks , Myrna
 I bought this drum for my daughter for Christmas . She goes to a music class & they have drums there that as very similar . This drum is well made & solid . My daughter loves it & plays with it every day . Much better quality than the toy drums that you get in the toy stores .
 UPDATE
 Dear readers , please do n't buy this drum , it is totally a scam for selling a baby drum with the size of a small cat 's head , which does n't even sound like a drum . My cat also does n't like this . I bought this last week for my 1 year old daughter , as part of her 1 year birth day presents . I 'm totally disappointed , not only because of the small size , but also how it sounds and the price I paid . I looked at the drum , it says `` made in U.S.A. '' and I was thinking to myself , this company is a shame to America , and this is the reason why China made products are good , because they are priced less and worth every penny we pay.My baby ca n't even hold this thing , it is that tiny . Also , the handle is made of cheap materials , cheap qualities . I thought of returning it but my daughter already chewed off the one end of the handler . What is scam ! shame !! Never buy this tiny piece of crap , spend your money on something bigger and good quality.RegardsRavi
 My 1-year old first thing was to bite a piece of the mallet , then never really showed that much interest in the toy . The drum seems ok , but does n't sound that good when placed on a carpet for example .
 I found this product after searching for ` baby drum ' on Amazon . Upon arrival the drum looked well made and our little 5.5 month old immediately like it . Like all teething babies , he wanted to put his mouth on it . The drum did not look like a toy so I called the company Remo to ask about product safety.The customer service representative was very nice but gave me bad news . She said that she would never let her children put this drum near their mouths . In the manufacturing process many chemicals are used . She said the drum is made from recycled paper or something like that . Bummer ! My question is why does the company advertise the product for 0-2yrs without a disclaimer that it 's not safe for mouthing?Again , nice looking product but not for infants .
 There are lots of better microphones on the market for lower price.Over rated as a communications microphone .
 I purchased this music stand for my daughter and it broke in two after just a few uses . The bottom of the stand and the part that holds the book came apart and it would have to be welded back together . It is not worth returning , but I am very disappointed in the workmanship of this item and would not recommend it .
 The quality of the stand is fine but I think this is an `` imitation '' of a Yamaha stand.The Yamaha logo is no where to be seen on the stand nor on the box.I would recommend the seller to remove the `` Yamaha '' from the product title ... because I felt fooled when I received the `` fake '' Yamaha stand .
 After using this stand for about a year , I 've found three rather frustrating design flaws . First , it 's impossible to tighten the wing nut that attaches the desk to the stand enough to prevent the desk from flopping back if you add much weight . Second , the desk shelf is only an inch deep , and as you add sheets of music , before long they begin tumbling to the floor . And third , the telescopic stand has a tendency to collapse under weight unless the nut is tightened as much as possible , which can make it difficult to loosen to adjust the height . Since I do n't need a collapsible stand , I 'm replacing it with a Manhasset M48 .
 This stand may hold sheet music but it does n't hold a -LRB- slender -RRB- book so it 's unusable for home practice . I returned it .
 There 's no Yamaha mark anywhere on the product I received , only a `` distributed by Yamaha '' on the box . I would stay away from this stand . The manufacturer may be inappropriately using the Yamaha name .
 The bottom part of the stand is fine but the top part keeps falling backwards . I tightened the hand nut as tight as I can get it but the top just wo n't stay . Ca n't write on a piece of sheet music either without the stand falling back . I 'm buying something else .
 Many of the reviews indicated that a bag was included , but that was not the case . There are cheaper options that I passed on just to get the carrying case . The stand itself is fine , but my son was very disappointed that there was no case .
 Only good for travelSteinberger GT Pro DeluxeProsSmall and relatively light - good for travelingConsBridge - not really to be used like Floyd tremolo - very hard and better keep it locked.Under mine were installed washers I needed to completely dismantle it and remove them . Tuners - very far from the precision movement claimed 40:1 for fine tuning.Neck - thick and getting to 12 fret wider than usual - most uncomfortable than any electric guitar I 've ever had . Even than 100 $ one from beginners pack . Nothing to do with the comfort of the other Neck through guitars in the Price range . Dean vendetta 4.0 F is far more comfortable almost for same money . Some buzz on the frets like 3rd string on 15 fret . Or 2nd on the 2nd fret ... Sound - Dark muddy sounding humbuckers also weak when it comes to output . Comparing with Ibanez JS 100 -LRB- not JS 1000 and up -RRB- sound is like day and night . The single pick up has such low output that you can not almost make difference if you are playing Humbucker or Humbucker and Single pickup . If you switch only on single - volume need to be adjusted well up . I 'm using always multieffect but still tone bothers me . I prefer humbucker sound than from Single coil ones , but I had no this problem even with my Behringers beginners pack guitar . I checked if all connections are correctly done and unfortunately they were . Means pick ups are really poor.Sustain - also is not like on my Dean Vendetta 4.0 F. probably because missing the head stock . So actually nothing extraordinary.Body - 3 bubbles on the paint which is not important . Tremolo slightly touching the body . No rest place for the Strumming hand and fingers . But on the other hand comfortable while sitting and using the special leg rest support -LRB- when open -RRB- . Strings - Need to use only double ball . Good there are small devices that can fix this problem , but you 'll need to pay another pair of gloves.Conclusion - Good for traveling but Poor Quality . It will needs $ $ $ to set it up.If you do not need it for traveling , buy something else . Anything will be better for this money.Or check in ebay.com there are headless guitars like this one for about 160 $ . Buy some of them and set it up , so you might get much better and advanced guitar till you reach 400 $
 Item was damaged and did not work as advertised . This item was less than others advertised on the site . Probably a returned item they were trying to get rid of cheap .
 I 've been DJ ` ing for many many years . When the description said it had dual outputs I thought it mean it had two INDIVIDUAL CHANNEL OUTPUTS . However , that is the least of my worries . I plugged this in and instantly got feedback . Where oh where could that be coming from ? Then the mic kept cutting out . I used these professionally for about a minute before they failed on me . This product gets a big `` F '' . What I do recommend is the Vocopro VHF-3005 . I 've had nothing but good luck and the support from Vocopro is much better . Do n't waste your money or time on this .
 I read the reviews and purchased this giving the company the benefit of the doubt . When I received my product , one of the mics will not even come on . I am going to return it and see about the replacement , but as for now , I can not recommend . I called the number for customer support at 10:15 am on Friday , and the message said they were now closed . When it transferred me to leave a message the message box was full .
 Dear Amazon Customers , please be carefully with this product and do n't buy this wireless microphones.I purchased this in March 18 , 2010 . When I opened the box , it 's looks that everything was OK with products BUT the microphones does not work.I try to use this with 2 home karaoke system but it does not work . The quality of sound is very low , you ca n't hear anything . I 'll never buy anything from this company again.I cant understand how people can rate this product with 4 star.Please , do n't buy this product .
 I returned this item . The first thing I noticed was that there was terrible feedback no matter how much adjustment I did with the volume on the receiver and on the unit I was connecting it to . The charging station did not charge . In order for the charging light to come on I had to hold the mics down in the charging dock . When I took my hand off , the charging light went out . There was something broken off and rattling around inside one of the mics . The mics only worked intermittently . I bought these mics for Karaoke and did not really expect them to be professional quality . I did expect them to work and this was not the case . I found out after my purchase from other people that PYLE brand mics are generally really low quality . I would not recommend this product to others .
 I bought this Pyle PDWM3000 in June 2009 and used it twice for karaoke for about an hour each time . Now one of the mics is not working , the other beginning to fade out and one of the chargers on the base unit is not charging , red light wo n't lit or blink . I will trash both soon . What a waste of money !
 The jury is still out on this one ... When I received the unit , one of the mic 's will not work . I have tried everything . I sent it back for a replacement , but still have not got it back . I did use it once after I got it , with a single mic . Found that the transmission range is not anywhere near what is advertised , even in an outdoor setting with no obstructions . The batteries do not last very long , which would n't be a major problem if both mic 's worked . Customer support is kinda shaky . Probably would not purchase another item from Pyle as a result of my overall satisfaction . I guess you get what you pay for . I bought and got something cheap . Pyle used to be a good name to buy back in the day . Looks like with most things in life , the quality drops as the price goes up .
 On paper it looks amazing . The sound quality however , is horrible . It 's well worth paying a bit more for a decent product .
 In just two shows antennas to microphones broke and batteries did not last long went dead after first set . Product needs better antennas .
 one of the micro -LRB- green one -RRB- not working . I send a claim to Amazon and ofice and no answer . Until now ican notwork with this product and it seems nobody want to explainme what can i do
 A microphone does not work , not to load the batteries instruction manual is very poor information is a complete dump these products ; do not waste your money on this.I 'll definitely going to return this item .
 I am having trouble with the mics I got . One of them just does n't want to work . I was sent a new mic but it is doing the same thing . I have called QualityCarAudio and left messages but have not recieved an answer . Spent 30 min on the phone trying to get someone but gave up .
 Do yourself a favor - do n't buy this product . It 's cheap , typical made in China low quality product.My came with the broken microphone . The company which makes this product is located in Borough Park , Brooklyn in New York City . I live in NJ and work in NY . So I decide to deal with this company directly to exchange the unit . I call Pyle and was told to come for a new unit exchange . When I arrived there the guy said why I came here , we do n't have units here . He said that I should return the unit where I bought it.He practically yields at me saying that too many people coming here for exchanges . He 's attitude was set way before I came there . Imagine how many units are unreliable and how many people are unhappy.I told him that I do n't need a whole unit -LRB- they do n't have them anyway . All of they products made in China -RRB- . They only have broken products there , which they fix and sale again . Finally I talked the guy to bring me one unbroken mic form returned unit . I 'll never buy anything from this company again.In the manual it said that when mics fully charged the red light will turn green . This is completely untrue . The light stay red all the time and there is no way to know if mics was fully charged . I 'm not with the sound of it ether . I had cheap wireless mics system which sounds the same . I used that system for 4 years before it got broken but it was cost me $ 20 . I 'll never buy anything from this company again .
 Supplied antenna does not screw in -LRB- wrong part -RRB- unit also generates hum in my system . Ready to rock only to do first gig with them under the table while my old faithful wired mics did the dirty work .
 First off , the delivery was OK . It got to me the first time at a pretty decent speed . I got this product for my parents since they like to do karaoke . When it was first being used , I had told my parents to leave it charging over night to insure that it will be charged up sufficiently . Unfortunately , the next day , I came to check up on it , and my parents said that the batteries do not hold a full charge . I thought , `` ok , maybe I just need to invest in some new rechargeable batteries '' ... I invested about $ 47.00 in a new microphone wire adapter and rechargeable batteries . Again , we ended up waiting over night.Since my boyfriend is pretty good at judging the products and its quality , I really REALLY wished that he would 've said something about the product being terribly cheap and crappy . After first in the installation of the system , it looked pretty nice and awesome that its supposed to be rechargeable . We waited almost a week before coming to the conclusion that its a crappy product and i found out that I can only get a replacement and not a refund . THANKFULLY , though , amazon actually refunded my moms money to her credit card and sent us another unit . BUUUUUUUT , the problem is , FEDEX SMARTPOST is a piece of shxt when it comes to delivering to a simple P.O. Box . I have NO idea whats going on , but FEDEX SMARTPOST scanned the item and its still in the system but is now lost.To make an end to this , JUST DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME IF YOU DO NOT HAVE ANY KIND OF TOLERANCE FOR CHEAPLY MADE ELECTRONICS AND THE CUSTOMER SERVICE . . I USUALLY HAVE A PRETTY GOOD TOLERANCE FOR PATIENCE AND KEEPING CALM , BUT THE SHIPPING ON THIS PKAGE WAS UTTER BS , AND THE CUSTOMER SERVICE FOR PYLE WAS EVEN WORSE . I WILL NOT , I REPEAT , WILL NOT BE PURCHASING FROM THIS SELLER/COMPANY EVER AGAIN ! SAVE YOUR MONEY AND INVEST YOUR SAVED MONEY AND PUT IT TOWARDS SOMETHING THAT IS A BIT MORE COSTLY , BUT WORTH IT TO HAVE . IF YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN !
 Dont waste your time or money on this set . The first unit I received was defective out of the box . I returned that set and got a replacement set -LRB- Amazon return policy is excellent and easy to use ! -RRB- and it too was defective right out of the box . The microphones are cheaply made . I returned this set and am going to order a different brand .
 I bought this thinking it would be lots of fun . I have a keyboard and some other instruments , but I found this kind of boring . But I suppose if a person could n't play other instruments this might be ok . It is a nice instrument , very well made . It does n't have to be tuned so that is good . I have an omni chord and it is about like that except it can play on its own . I work alot so maybe if I could put more time into it I would like it better . I own it and spent the money , so I am going to use it and try to enjoy it more .
 Just looking for a .023 G polyweb G string to replace an almost new string . Too bad this product is 15 dollars for one string when you can get a whole polyweb set for 12.00 on Amazon .
 Very poor latency , crap software . I do not recommend this at all . I ended up buying a $ 2 -1 / 4 '' to 1/8 '' adapter and running my guitar straight into my soundcard through the microphone jack . I downloaded a copy of Mixcraft 5 -LRB- highly recommend -RRB- which comes with the Shred Amplifier suite , and now my laptop is a virtual live recording studio with zero latency issues .
 What a nightmare . Received as a Christmas present . Opened the package ... no software . Did n't come with the CD . Tried to download it from their website , and when it asked for my serial number , I looked on the device and the `` S/N '' was displayed , but NO SERIAL NUMBER !!! Seriously ???? Amazon.com , what kind of garbage are you putting out ?? I 'll have to try and call the company in the morning to see if they can either walk me through a download , or send me a CD with the required software . VERY disappointed .
 I followed the directions - or at least TRIED to . Directions did not seem clear . The device looks like it SHOULD work well , but I had no real success with it .
 I love the concept of this item however it is not plug and play at all.I still do n't have it figured out so I ca n't use it yet . But I know from othercustomer reviews that the thing works pretty well once you figureout how to configure it . I 'm not giving up yet ! Documentaion andsupport ate lacking . Not for you if you want plug and play ! May be foryou if you 're smarter than me :--RRB- !
 I recently ordered and received this item and was excited to get started using it with my iMac OSX 10.7.5 . and Garage Band . I have attempted to install and activate the system , following the instructions carefully , several times . Each time after the installation completes and I try to activate the AC Box Combo I immediately receive a Problem Report for ServiceCenter stating that ServiceCenter quit unexpectedly , then lines and lines of details . This is very frustrating . I 'll keep looking for someone who has had a similar problem and resolved it -LRB- for a few days -RRB- before I send it back . I 'm sorry I purchased this item along with the headphones . Am I totally missing something or have I bought a piece of junk ?
 I bought this and it took a long time to get going on my recording software . Very frustrating . I 'm not into writing bad reviews but this just did n't get the job done . I wanted to recording myself and guitar but the head phones only worked for one ear when i plugged it into the interface and i thought i might have been my head phones but i tried another pair on my ipod and they both worked on both ears . do n't waste your money and your time . Get a better interface . I 'm returning mine .
 1 . Confusing instructions .2 . Poorly labeled setup files -LRB- which driver do I use for Vista 64 ? -RRB- 3 . NO phone support . No US contact numbers that I could find .4 . Annoying online support ticket system.I just received this and have not yet been able to get the drivers to work . This is supposed to be plug and play ... it definitely is not ! I 'll probably figure it out if I work on it , but that 's not what I thought I was buying .
 Not recommended for W7 UsersBehringer UCG102 Guitar-to-USB InterfaceI hate this product because it 's made for the wxp , WTF !!!
 Just received for Christmas . This product did not work on MacbookPro 10.6.8 . I tried everything even followed the suggestions of other reviewers . The software that comes with product does not work . I would expect to be able to plug in and go on garageband but this is not the case . Save your money and do not get this product . I 've never done a review of any product but the software and lack of instructions that come with this product has compelled me to do so .
 The hardware does what it is supposed to 5 out of 5 . The software is appalling 0 out of 5 . After some google searches I found various free demo software packages that allowed me to use the device to record on my computer - took me a couple of weeks of googling and reading various forums to understand what I was doing and feel comfortable . I was an absolute novice at digital recording using the computer.Buy the device and throw away the software - its worth the $ 25 just for the hardware alone - then join a forum like Reaper to find out what to do next . Or alternatively just google `` virtual guitar amplifiers free downloads '' and you will find various user groups that way as well.Bill
 It 's old , with new computers you do n't need this device , you can connect your guitar with 1/4 '' -LRB- 6.35 mm -RRB- male to 1/8 '' -LRB- 3.5 mm -RRB- male cable . comes with old driver and software . most of the new software do n't detect this devise .
 I have tried and tried to use this device . I have been able to use it to record one guitar track using Multi Track Studio software , but since then have had no luck . Sometimes I can get it to work just to play my guitar through headphones , sometimes not . It just has too many glitches to make it enjoyable to use . I have had professional help trying to get it to work , and it just is n't working the way it should . Just plug and play ? NOT !
 Absolutely awful product . No support except for useless help manuals . If you are looking to plug in a guitar to your comp and record tracks , you are out of luck . It just doesnt do that , not from anything I have tried . The native instruments guitar pack would be nice , but the website you click on to register for which free pack you want does n't even exist ! It doesnt matter anyway because the Audacity program does n't do anything.Just an absolute rip off . I can honestly say , I do n't think I 've ever been more disappointed in a product .
 This item does not apear to be compatable with windows 7 . The ad says it is compatable with a PC . I went on the Behringer site for support and it was no help . I have many Behringer items which I enjoy and work great . This is not one of them .
 NOT USER FRIENDLY !!! DO N'T BUY THIS IF YOU ARE USING WINDOWS XP !!! It may not work on either operating systems either , but I can only speak for my system . I have Service Pack 3 installed on Windows , so the device should be working but it 's not . I bought this Behringer UCG102 USB interface so I could record guitar on my computer . It is advertised as being simple to use . Yeah right ! I actually chose this brand because it was more expensive than some of the others and you usually get what you pay for , right ? Not in this case ! This thing is a piece of garbage ! I do n't know if it 's the device or the software , or both , but my computer WO N'T recognize the device . The little USB light wo n't even come on.At first I tried to plug it into the front of my computer , but then tried plugging it directly into the motherboard in back . It made no difference , I still got an error message that said `` USB Device Not Recognized . '' I even tried to install the Windows 98 software after the regular `` Set Up '' application failed . The software fails to install on my system . I tried to manually install the drivers in `` Device Manager , '' on the computer but it could n't find any drivers on the CD . I never did get as much as a single guitar note through this interfece . It 's worthless in my opinion and I regret buying it . Now I have to go order something else that actually works.On page 7 of the Software Installation Guide , it says the minimum requirements to use this product is Windows XP , which is what I have . I have an Intel Core 2 Quad CPU , 2.84 GHZ Pentium procesor , with 3 GB of RAM.There 's nothing in the troubleshooting section except 2 items which have nothing to do with the unit not operating . Out of approximately 450-pages in the Software Installation Guide , only 30-pages are in English.Don ' t waste your money IMHO !
 This product , the behringer USB adpater is so bad and horrible it does n't even help with your recording.IT LAGS A LOT !!! it the software is Garbage , the programs you can just DL for free . The beat making program isnt that bad , but the recording software is horrible . This product CAN NOT HANDLE THE WORK LOAD of the guitar signal andcan not do what is was intended for just because it lags way too much and is junky enough it cant be fixed.buy the line 6 ableton UX1 it works great $ 150 full studio capabilities
 This is the most frustrating purchase I have made in 3 years . The software does not start at all on windows 2k . On XP it starts but does not work . The interface does not work on either platform.Do not buy this piece of junk . Save your money and do n't try to get by on the cheap . You will end up having to buy a real interface anyway - one with support !
 When it works , it 's good for the money . But - at least with Windows 7 - it 's a hair-pulling nightmare . One day it works . The next day it works but there 's terrible clicking noises along with the sound . The next day it does n't work at all . Then you can reset everything and it will work great for five minutes . But then there are latency problems . Overall rating
 warning , interface is 44.1 16 bit . thats REALLY lame . should be 48K 24bit minimum , and 96K capable.the software / amp sim that comes with this does NOT WORK under 10.7 / LION . OEM 's website is a mess to navigate and figure out anything , and it appears they simply do not have a 10.7 compatible update out.this will work just fine with garage band after some software fiddling , and also works fine with apple 's MainStage . in fact MS will automatically see it which is cool.a bit overpriced for the lame specs and software that does n't work on a mac .
 This acts as a sound card to directly interface to your guitar . Unfortunately , it only works with the software it 's packaged with . Even worse , that software is pretty weak.The instructions are not helpful . The installation guide was over 450 pages , but it 's in 15 languages . In the manual it looks like there is a control panel for the hardware device from the driver , but it 's only through the recording Guitar Combos software.I 'm returning mine for refund . I guess I have to go back to using my microphone .
 You have GOT TO BE KIDDING ?!! Just ordered and received on Oct 30 , 2012 . The software does not work on a Windows 7 system.You have to READ THESE REVIEWS to figure out how to get this item to work.Then download and download from the respective sites.DOES THIS MAKE SENSE TO ANYBODY?I have spent 90 minutes thus far without success.I will keep trying BECAUSE I WANT to play my classical guitar through my system .
 Unit did n't work , no sound output from phone jack . I have been waiting 3 weeks for a replacement unit . Warranty dept. told me I shouldhave it in another 5-10 business days . I will review that one after I receive it .
 Here was the original goal plain and simple
 I tried to use the Guitar Combo software but the serial number printed in the CD cover did not work.Then tried to use online support but the site puts you in a mad loop that ask to login and informe the serial number again and again.Why the customer should be annoyed and punished to use the product ?
 Said that it works with vista , and yet it does n't . It actually somehow managed to disable my soundcard after attempting to install their driver . Nothing a reboot would n't fix but come on , that 's ridiculous . Someday when my labtop gets back from being repaired I 'll try it on windows xp , but how hard is it to make a product that works ? This company Behringer is pretty shady too . It says it includes a bunch of guitar software -LRB- which to be honest I did n't even care about -RRB- but after looking at it , three of them are 30 day trials ! Oh alright they give you a cupon to unlock one of them after the 30 days are up , psssh .
 Terrible product , lots of clipping and distortion
 I was very excited to get the Guitar/USB interface . I used it to connect with GarageBand on a MacBook Pro and with my guitars -LRB- Peavey JF-2 and LTD MH250NT -RRB- . It performed well and for just about a year , it worked . I did have to increase the gain in GarageBand and had a few issues with it creating feedback . This causes GarageBand to adjust internally and produces a dialog box with some options.The good : No set up required on the Mac . It was instantly recognized and provides a solid signal to the software . The modeling amp software included was interesting and if you were to pipe your gig through a computer , it would perform well with not crashes under Mac OS X 10.5 . The badAs soon as the warranty expired , it fried out on me . I am not sure if I want to buy another one to replace it . I wish someone would build a bluetooth or wi-fi adapter for computer input .
 Recently bought so I could play my guitar on the computer . Turns out that the Native Instruments software comes with a Trojan called huerengine.zerodaythreat . and McAfee DOES NOT protect you from it . It is apparently engineered around McAfee and Norton . Figured I would throw that out there . the Trojan was actually hidden in the `` Twang Combo.lnk '' file . This file opens the door and allows other trojans in including a key logger . Keep in mind that I would n't write this kind of review without cause . This was my experience and I wish to prevent others from having the same experience .
 Like many before me , I figured this seemed like a great one stop shop for recording my bass while making covers and demos , but since i managed to set it up , its been a massive disappointment . Setting it up was nowhere near as simple as advertised ; I had to go through several forums before I even came close to a viable solution . Additionally , sound quality through the headphones output is terrible and quality of the recording too is not anything great ... Definitely not worth getting
 I believe the software revision on the interface was down rev and not compatible with the Mac . Had to send it back .
 I bought this to run my laptop with Amplitube for live situations . I am currently using my mbox2 and wanted something smaller . The latency with this is audible . It 's not like you will have to run a test to see the latency , your brain will wonder why it does not hear sound after it hits the string . I know there are a ton of ways to decrease latency on the computer but the fact is that I was running the mbox without problem . Just to make sure I hooked it up to my desktop i7 2600k to see if that made a difference and it did not.It seems some folks love this thing but I do n't know how.I did not check to see the latency if I were only recording so I suppose it could be ok for that . I doubt it though .
 I purchased this as a christmas present for myself to help with my picking up the guitar again after a very long layoff.I just can not get it to work at all ! I have an Win XP laptop ,1 Gb ram and a 100Gd HD.I was excited about tooling around with the included software.I loaded , then unloaded it after it did not work.I downloaded asio4all driver , the device lights up , but no Behringer control panel ! I even opened up a new forum topic here hoping for help from someone so far no luck ! I can not of course contact Behringer -LRB- the website was no help ! -RRB- I am not a computer wiz but I also am not dimmy dimwit on a PC either ! I am VERY Disappointed ! I was so looking foward to playing and experimenting with the UCG102 and the software ! ... Crushed for christmas
 Good software and all but if you dont have a good sound card , you can forget about doing fast picking on heavy distortion.Its either clean and laggy or noisy and and keeping up with the picking.I wouldnt buy it .
 If something looks to good to be true , it probably is . I was very excited when I bought this item , being into recording using programs such as cubase 4 , hypersonic and protoolz etc. . I thought this would be a welcome edition to use along side my midi keyboard.Boy was I disappointed , the compatibility with this little item is terrible , whether you have a Mac , windows Xp windows Vista , it does n't matter , it 's more of a hassle than its worth . You can not get it to work properly on Cubase using a top of the line mac , even after trying to install the asio drivers countless times . I have also had to reinstall the drivers and restart my computer every time I wanted to use the software it comes with on my Desktop computer.It just is not worth the money or time , wait a bit for something more polished , I 'm sure in a few months there will be one out there 10x more efficient than this .2 stars was being generous .
 Piece of crapDoes n't work as advertisedDrivers had to be found online and even those did n't work rightBetter instructions and support are needed for tis product.Better yet , buy a different product . . You 'll be better off .
 It 's garbage did n't work out of the box . It 's definitley an electronics/solder issue . I would not recommend this to anyone .
 This Device it not worth the money . ASIO driver crash alot , you must reinstall the drivers every time you use the device . Your better off saving the money buying the M-Audio Fast Track USB.If you really want to buy this or you are on a low budget buy this junk used .
 This could n't hold up my 5/4 PT6 , not to mention when I have my mute in . Even with some modifications , it is far from ideal , and it 's possible to start to strip the knob that provides the tension to hold the rod supporting the tuba . Some people have modified this successfully using drills , but that 's too much trouble for me.Maybe someone can use this with a lighter instrument , but I ca n't use it .
 There are better tuners out there . Far better . This could be good , but it seems to me that all Korg products seem to think of Standard tuning as the only tuning out there , and they do n't even tune it well to Standard -LRB- especially when tuning the G string -RRB- ! I personally play exclusively in Standard for my electric playing , but sometimes I want to fiddle around with open-tunings on an acoustic . This piece-of-junk makes it incredibly difficult to tune to any tuning using `` F '' or `` C '' notes . I have no clue as to why that is , pretty stupid if you ask me , especially once you consider that majority of this generations guitarists are metal heads playing in drop c tuning or acoustic d-bags -LRB- I say that with love -RRB- that play in open tunings . Trust me , your money is best spent elsewhere .
 Admittedly I just got my first bass guitar so value my opinion from someone who does n't know how to play . I was hoping for an easy way to tune my bass . This tuner is not that easy . The instructions are not written very clearly so you will find yourself pushing different buttons to see if the note you are playing registers . I ca n't accurately say that this product is useful.I am still figuring it out .
 In one word , `` Jumpy . '' Would not settle down when tuning my bass or my guitar . Even tried it with my keyboard . I returned it and bought the Fender ST-1 tuner . It 's excellent - simple - big display - great for gigs .
 If it was backlit , if it was n't so difficult to &#34; center &#34; the needle , it would be a pretty good little tuner for the price . But it is n't backlit , and it is difficult to center . Impossible to use on stage , but if you 're on stage you already own a better tuner . Find someone who has one and try it . Then you decide .
 I bought this Korg GA-40 tuner to assist me in setting up my Floyed Rose tremolos on my Jackson and Schecter guitars - because I wanted pin point accuracy in my tuning . It was slow responding and irritating to use . I was able to set them up faster and more accurate by ear and ended up using it just to double check my accuracy . I guess it is an essential item for someone who is tone deaf . Why somebody who is tone deaf would decide to become a musician is quite baffling .
 I would spend my money on the CA-30 chromatic tuner , you can tune drop d , c , open d , etc. . Not with this one . This one only seems to be good enough for standard tune .
 Tuner never worked . Seller failed to send a return label and harassed me by phone and email for negative feedback .
 The supplier was great with fast shipping and item was well packed . I lost -LRB- or someone relieved me of -RRB- my good tuner . I has purchased a temporary one at a local chain store for 8 or 9 bucks . I ordered the Korg GA-40 which was disappointing to say the least . The `` needle '' is all over the place , both on acoustic and electric guitars . If you hit a string , it may show it to be quite flat , without touching the tuning , if you hit it again , it shows it quite sharp . The tunes was totally useless and I gave it to a student -LRB- who threw it out -RRB- and went and got the 8-9 dollar one at the local store .
 Well , bought the `` Korg '' brand for tuning both 5 & 6 string bass guitars . First of all , not back-lit . If you 're backstage , you better have a light source or you 're out of luck . Secondly , I had to kick in the active electronics for it to even register a signal on B , E strings . The tracking was very neurotic and non-committal . This would n't have been an issue if I did n't lend out my trusty Sabine ZIP-700 -LRB- . . and it was dropped for the last time -RRB- . Conclusion , if you 're tuning up in the dark backstage with no light source on your Sadowsky 5 string , forget it . I 'd suggest you move up to a better tuner . On Korgs defense , I really love the DTR-2000 but highly disappointed in this particular product .
 I 've been very disappointed with this tuner . When I 've used it the needle keeps jumping all the way to the right -LRB- sharp -RRB- then back to the left -LRB- flat -RRB- . I have two -LRB- 2 -RRB- other tuners I bought from Wal-Mart and I always get accurate tunings from them . I bought this KORG because it 's a brand name and the Company has an outstanding reputation . Even though my tow -LRB- 2 -RRB- Wal-Mart tuners are older , they both still work better than this KORG .
 Please stay away from this very low end model since it did not have a decent sound at all - You should be spending just another $ 100 + for a much higher sound quality . . -LRB- or perhaps my ` refurbished ' item was defective then I would still recommend against it -RRB- - My recommendation is to buy either Audio 2000 as 1st choice and VocoPro as 2nd since they offer great quality but not at real expensive price range
 The pylepro PDWM2600 became a nightnare , after purchasing the Pylepro system July 2011 , I found a pair of Mic in a pawn shop , Because of the wait in shipping time I purchase the pawn shop pair , which work well , Then we relocted and pack them away.In the meantime we had a show coming up and because of poor schduling I found myself with the need to use the New mic , I even tested them the night before.Then the day came the house were full , the kids was jumpy and all the parents waited , The wired Mic on the tables were working fine , but the tables arrangement was too far away to share the mic , but I had two new ones in their stands on stage , the Moderator called the First word , a very nervous kid step from the line grap the Mic and open his mouth and nothing , I rush gave him the other mic still nothing , the other kids on stage begun to laugh , the little fellow just ran from the stage.I was embrassed if we had gotten feedback , I could deal with that they are cheap mic , if they did n't work before and after the bee I could just said things happen.But now they do n't power up at all , the seller wants me to send him twenty dollar on a DOA item . But what can I do lose the hundred crying over twenty.The Money is n't the thing here the item is junk , and I do n't know if I can count on them therefore they are uselss to me .
 The product description says this unit should work up to 150 feet , but we could n't get it to work consistently up to 15 feet . After exhaustive testing of all components , including cabling , we determined it was the PDWM2600 or its microphones . I sent the unit in for warranty service . It came back last week and now it does n't work unless you stand directly in front of the unit and no farther away than five feet . I am completely soured on Pyle in all respects . That , and the fact that their warranty service desk did n't respond to four voice mails and two e-mails asking for information .
 It does n't work at all . Just turn on either microphones , receiver sent out noise . Adjusted the knobs on panel , it is not adjustable , tried for long time , it 's still not work ; have to go back to use my old cheap wireless microphone .
 At first I would have recommended this wireless mike system to anyone . I went 50-60 feet away from the box and even got out of the line of sight of it and still had great sound quality . If used for a meeting hall though I would make sure all cell phones are turned off or you do get a little sound interference . I used to be told we ca n't hear you now I hear turn it down you 're too loud . I use these mics for about 2 hours once a month . The mics are now about 5 months old they have never been dropped or mishandled and now 1 of the mics has started acting like it is overheating and shuts off while in use or half the box is acting up . Turn off the switch then turn it back on it works a couple minites then acts up again . It actually shows a signal like being used when not . The other one still works fine though . I guess what do you expect for $ 100 wireless mics.Now a little over a year old , one mike quit last week and the other one quit last night . This set is the biggest piece of junk you could own . Spend a little extra money and buy a better set . With just over a year old and no abuse and both mikes have quit I would n't reccommend to anyone . It still is $ 100.00 I 'm out and have to find a better set on a tight budget . When I complained about the first problem I was told send it back -LRB- even though they were still under warranty -RRB- I would have to pay postage and insurance back and send Pyle $ 15.00 . A one year warranty should cover everything for the warranty period !!! No cost to the consumer .
 the mic sound is very good but i have trouble with one mic the power keeps going out so iam not to happy with that .
 `` If I could put 0 stars I would do it `` Purchased this and kept it in the case -LRB- my mistake -RRB- and opened until Christmas 2011 2 months later just to find out it does n't work it constantly drops out even at less than 5 feet from the receiver tried new duracell batteries and the problem continuedif you are tempted to buy it based on the reviews -LRB- as I did -RRB- I recommend you to use it immediately that way if your product does n't work you can return it.Unfortunatelly for my it was too late and amazon did n't accept the return ...
 I wish I would have shelled out the money for a more durable setup . I ca n't get one of the pair to work . It cuts in and out .
 The photo you see in the description is an old version of this model . There is a newer re-vamped version that only has a single XLR connection . Yet the manual diagram still shows TWO XLR connections ! I can only speculate what is going on with the Pyle company . But they obviously forgot the send out the memo on the change . Every website on the internet is showing a false description .
 Had mine for 11 months . Started making intermittent noise , which would go away if I jiggled the ends . Became less intermittent and more continuous . I am sending it back for a replacement by Monster under its Lifetime Warranty . Hopefully the replacement lasts longer . Meanwhile , I will play through my 20-year old Whirlwind cable , until the new Monster Rock cable arrives . Disappointed in NJ !
 I normally do n't bother writing reviews unless I 'm really happy or really disappointed with a product . I bought a few Monster Cables in 2012 along with some other less expensive cables for use with a double bass and an acoustic image bass amp . Both Monster cables felt very sturdy and were heavy duty but both worked intermittently ? Last night , I had a rehearsal and I forgot to pack my inexpensive cables and the only cable I had was the Monster cable . It seemed to be working and then in the middle of the first song , it stopped working and then started and stopped again . I could n't get it to work so I tossed it in the trash and borrowed a cable from the guitar player . I 'm now about to order a few 10 and 12 foot cables that are not manufactured by Monster . Save your money and buy another brand .
 I thought I would spend the extra money and get my first Monster Cable . I did n't buy it because of some claim of a superior ability to transmit a signal . I bought it because I have had connectivity problems with cables for various devices in the past and did n't want to take any chances with the job of getting the signal from my guitar to my amp . After five weeks of problem-free use I plugged it in and did n't get any signal at all until I jiggled one end of the cable . Then the signal was intermittent . Then it stayed on . But I can always get it to fail by applying a very slight curve in the same direction at the plug . Really ? I 'm not impressed at all . With a cable this simple it 's either pass or fail with me . That 's why I gave my first experience with this product one star . I decided to get a replacement and hope I get lucky and get one of the good ones . Meanwhile I 'll use my nephews beginner guitar cable . It still works flawlessly after 3 years.p.s . I unscrewed the metal shroud protecting the cable end and found the wires are insulated by a very thick walled clear plastic tube . One side of the tube , for some reason , is very thin . This thin spot had an actual hole in it about 1/8th of an inch in diameter which probably allowed the cable to short when draped to this side . It seems to me QC should 've caught this easy one.Otherwise it looks and feels like a good solid product . But with defects like this , one wonders if there are other problems waiting to crop up .
 Having used D'Addario happily -LRB- as well as other brands -RRB- over the years , I felt a bit pissed off when , several weeks after purchasing these , I opened them and saw that they had a lot of corrosion.I like the enviromentally friendly packaging , but it may have not worked this time . Or else they may need some QC .
 D'Adarrio used to make great strings . I do n't know what happened . I have broken two high E strings now in normal tuning with normal playing . No crazy bends , whammy bar pulls , or anything like that . I just play on the string and they snap off right at the bridge . Worthless and a waste of money . I would have been suspicious of any other strings at this low a price but like I said , D'Adarrio used to make an incredible product . Now they 're trash . Do not buy them .
 I have played on D'addario Before , actually the first string I started out on.Super light 's are ok , but can wear out real fast , So , It 's importent not to put to much stess on them ... espescially if You do alot of tricks , pinched hormonic 's vibrato 's , extreme bend 's , etc they will break . Any skilled guitarist know 's to use extream caution when tuning ... any strings , I did try extra light -LRB- while they do soud nice , and have a nice feel to them -RRB- I would not recamend these for beginer 's , cause beginer 's tend to press hard , when they first stat out.Personally , I do n't like D'addario 's at all , I find the tone to bright .
 After putting the strings on the guitar I noticedthat 3rd string had a different tint from other 5 strings.Also it 's thickness was nearly identical to the second stringand sound it made was somehow out of place.Other 5 strings were in perfect condition but I ordered a set of 6and expected to receive them all in a decent condition.I am disappointed , thus 1 star .
 I 've probably gone through 6 sets of d'addario strings on my tele . Keep in mind the negative reviewers are probably a little more vocal than the positive ones . : PI had an old set of 11-52 's on my guitar for almost two years , I decided it was time to change them just because they were so dull sounding . I keep my tele tuned to Eb instead of E , so the strings are n't tensioned as tight as they might be . I put these new 12-54 's on and the high e -LRB- e flat actually -RRB- string broke within 5 minutes of playing . I was doing a full step bend , not incredibly stressful for the string . Not cool . Like I say I 've never had a problem before though , so it could just be an anomaly.One little thing that has changed is the end spool things . I think they used to be anodised , now they are painted . It really does n't matter since nobody sees them but they are n't as pretty .
 I ordered these to replace the strings on a 3/4 size Strat I found . I was under the impression Guitars used Six Strings but apparently they only need five . At least according to manufacturer of the package I recieved . now i have to wait another month for one string . thanks D'addario for the quality control .
 I only use 115 's for my electrics , no problem with the strings . I paid for 11 packs got 10 . I told Amazon , great instant reply with promise of missing pack to be shipped . Instead of 1 pack of 115 's I received 10 packs of 110 's . Not wanting something I did not pay for , and an incorrect product , I sent the 10 packs back and received no credit to my account . O.K. it is only 3 bucks but still , You stole 3 $ from me .
 The strings are great but I gave this rating because when I bought the 3 pack of strings in one of the packs one of the strings was to short , so I really only got 2 sets that I can use ...
 I got these to put on a fretless 4 that i preamped & thought it would give me a really smooth soundfor a fretless . I cant say its all these strings fault but compared to the set of rounds or flats ive put on sincethere 's no comparison ... personally i think they have a bad core or the coating is just too thick . . you lose a tonof volume with these strings ... there still sittin in the junk heap ... Personally I wouldnt waste my $ on 'em : /
 Folks , this program should really be called Cake Trudge ... because that what it feels like when you are trying to use it ... Bottom line ... this program is a BIG disappointment . Of course it is priced at $ or less in the stores , so you could say that you get what you pay for . -LRB- although the retail price on the cakewalk site is ridiculous - $ ! -RRB- It is laiden with errors , and for some reason , takes forever to launch on my machine -LRB- I have a 350mhz PII -RRB- It also crashes frequently . The program has some very nice features , but there are so many annoyances that come with them that it almost makes it not worth it . For example , when you change the tempo on Drag and Drop drummer , the sound becomes distorted and the drum clip is off beat . Also there is absolutely no support for Slow Blast , as well as Drag and Drop drummer . It took me forever to get Slow Blast working . By the way , these two utilities are made by companies other than Cakewalk . They are the striped down version of the actual program that they sell . Sounds like they are trying to hook you into buying more stuff . They took great care in writing the tutorials , but there some gaping holes as far as trouble shooting and FAQ 's . None of them answered my problems . You also really have to fight with it to get it to work . It looks easy to use , but looks are deceiving - which I found out is the case with most Cakewalk products ... Tech support from Cakewalk is TERRIBLE ! I ca n't emphasize this enough . My e-mails were never returned and the phone was always busy . There is nothing on the website that answers any questions you may have about Guitar Tracks , and the ftp `` Patch site '' has been down every time I tried to log on ... So either save your money , or wait until V2 .0 comes out ... because you ca n't have your cake and eat it too with this program ... that 's for sure .
 I suppose I expected a little more form this toy/instrument , but in the end it 's just an annoying noise maker . My children 's interest did n't last long .
 DO N'T DO IT PEOPLE , DO N'T BUY THESE STICKS ! Find a local music store , and buy them their . They look cool online , but you get them and then they 're 2 inches wide instead of 1/2 inch . And , they 're all splintery and broken because of the cruddy packaging and mail service . So go to your local music store , or look one up in the yellow pages , and go there . They 've usually got a whole rack on the back wall of sticks , so use that to test them out . Thank you and have a nice day .
 This guitar is a very attractive red color but there are a few noticeable blemishes in the spray paint . We did not receive a full set of strings . We received three strings and none of them are the correct size to replace the one that broke upon our initial tuning . The guitar strap is practically useless without a strap button to attach it to the neck ... ours only has one button located on the bottom of the body of the guitar.We were n't expecting a guitar for a rock star but we were expecting to receive at least what was described to us on Amazon .
 I was excited to see that the guitar arrived today ... I ordered it last Wednesday for my 13 year old son . However , upon opening the container I found a few dents here and there and also a crack along the neck joint . There is paint on the frets and the nut is slightly raised from the fret board . The sticker around the sound hole is slightly off and the bridge is plastic . I thought I was getting this for pretty much a steal but the price reflects what I received . On a lighter note , my son was excited to see it and says that I am extremely picky . He is satisfied but I am going to a music store tonight to see what they have to say in regards of the quality of this instrument . I may be returning this purchase if I find a better instrument there .
 There 's not much to this Video . Some explantion of how harmonuims work , which was OK . Amateurish production quality . It 's basically a guy and his dad who plays harmonium . The father does not speak english . You get to listen to the father play the harmonuim and sing . The son plays percussion . The only thing saving this from getting just one star is there is nothing else out there on harmonuims . Its very expensive for what almost seems like a homemade video .
 Pro : SizeGood modeling capabilityCD/MP3 input portHeadphone output portCon : Clunky user interfacePoor support for Windows 7 64 bitNot rechargeable -LRB- uses disposable batteries -RRB- No on/off switch -LRB- turns itself on when guitar is plugged in -RRB- Does not support the same patches as the Pod x3I 've had one of these for about a month . I have mixed feelings about it.It 's a good practice tool , but probably not the best . The CD/MP3 input port can be used to plug the Pocket Pod into a computer or iPod . You can then plug your headphones into the Pocket Pod and jam along . If you 're using a computer , you can use the input port to play along with youtube , or play MP3s through a free program like Audacity , slowing down the difficult sections of the song -LRB- without changing pitch -RRB- as required . A computer and a Pocket Pod can do just about everything something like a Tascam GB-10 can do , only the Pod rig can be used with iTunes or Youtube , but is less portable , is not rechargeable , and is more complicated to set up.The modeling sounds good for a unit this size . It 's small enough to carry in a case or a gig bag , to use as a backup to your main pedal board.The user interface is pretty bad . It takes several steps to switch between banks and patches in a bank . A few additional buttons could fix this . This is probably a limitation that results from the size of the Pocket Pod , but it 's annoying , regardless.The support for Windows 7 64 bit is bad . I can edit the settings on the Pod easily on a 32 bit XP machine , but on my Windows 7 64 machine , the Pocket Pod keeps turning itself on and back off -LRB- this is a chronic problem for the Pocket Pod -RRB- . The batteries are not rechargeable.The Pod has no on/off switch . It turns itself on when you plug an instrument cable into it . A bad cable will cause the unit to power cycle over and over again . This feature is also annoying if you prefer to leave the cables plugged into the unit when it 's not in use.The patches I 've configured for my Pod x3 do n't seem to work with this unit . The software that is used for the x3 is different than the one used for the Pocket Pod . That limits it 's usefulness as a backup solution.Now that I 've used the Pod , I 'm not sure if I 'd recommend buying it . If you need a practice solution , you might be better off buying a Tascam GB-10 -LRB- I 've used the GB-10 's predecessor , the mp-gt1 , and love it -RRB- or a Korg Pandora -LRB- I have no experience with the Pandora -RRB- . ** EDIT : Dropping to 2 stars . I just took out my pocket Pod after a few weeks of non use . The battery is dead , despite the fact that everything was unplugged . Save your money . If you have an Ipod , try iRig and amplitude instead .
 Right after the warranty ran out , the only effect it would create was heavy distortion with flange . No matter what setting I switched to , it only produced one effect . The volume was low and refused to respond , too . Once I managed to get it to respond to the controls by powering it down and back up , but that lasted about ten minutes.When it worked , the tones were thin and artificial sounding . This thing does not deserve the Line 6 label , and they should have the self-respect to NOT ever sell it again . Utter crap . Do n't bother .
 Having owned other Line6 hardware and having good experiences with this I bought this device to take to work and jam at on my lunch break . I regret this decision ... First , the good things . It sounds pretty decent if you like to play rock or metal . Its not great , but for jamming along with your mp3 player and practicing it works perfect . There are a ton of different sounds you can coax out of this device . Other people have complained about the interface but I do n't have any troubles with it . There are some features you ca n't manipulate unless you plug it into a computer and use their software , does n't bother me though . Its portable and runs on batteries . All you need is your guitar , cable , and headphones . Back-lit screen is nice and legible.The bad
 This is very poorly made and Line 6 customer service is a joke . The DC jack is loose after 2 months of use and cuts in and out . Took it to a repair center as it is still under warranty . Evidently this unit is a replace not repair and they are refusing to replace it because the sticker with the serial number has fallen off . Seriously ?! Why the f# * ! is the serial number not imprinted on the actual unit if it is that important ? I have a receipt . Why is that not enough ? Add this company to the `` I will never buy from again '' list .
 I like what the pocket pod does , though do n't think it sounds too awesome , and its really fussy about the power connection . And mine no longer works on batteries . I 'd rather have something well made than something that has this much functionality .
 i ca n't use the pocket pod because the spring and room reverb on the pocket pod are too short for me . i need at least a medium hall , this is a make or break thing for me , and on top of that , the pocket pod sounds brittle to my ears , and makes my fender strat sound plastic.I could look past the tone problems if it just had a better reverb , for $ 150 , you 'd think it would have something better.if you do n't care about reverb , then i would say this unit COULD be useable to you . one other issue is that the presets are not organized to my liking . i did n't find the `` browse by style '' useful , and the `` browse by band '' is even worse , you have no idea what kind of sound you 're going to get.i just thought the pocket pod would at least have one nice sounding clean , and a nice sounding crunch . keep it basic right . i did n't find either . i would honestly say try digitech instead .
 The Good : This is a good tool to practice guitar with headphones.The Bad : The tones are not good by any stretch of the imagination , unless you like hyper-distorted noise . The cleans sound artificial and the crunch tones have obvious digital distortion applied . The effects are hit and miss as well . Plate reverb is decent but spring reverb is so artificial sounding that it 's downright offensive.Throw in the fact it chews through batteries , the software interface you use to program it on your computer is really difficult to use , and how it loses its small-and-portable-factor with a guitar cable , headphone cable , and power adapter plugged into it , I 'd be hard-pressed to recommend this product unless you really need to practice through headphones .
 This item is very hard to figure out how to operate , they could have made it much simpler to use . The bands they are trying to emulate , never heard of them , nor have any understanding of what kind of music they play , they certainly are n't well known to me . The plastic case is quite cheaply made , this item could be made to look much nicer with very little effort , but it looks and feels like a cheap piece of Chinese junk . When I plugged in , it did sound pretty good , but I must say that you can not substitute electronic emulation for a real amp or stompbox . I actually sent mine back for a refund because when I would plug in it would work fine for a few minutes and then gradually a humming/hissing sound would build and build until it was so bad I could n't hear what I was playing . My overall impression is that I wish I had n't wasted my time with this item , I lost a bit of money paying for return postage , lesson learned , read reviews thoroughly before purchasing something . There were lots of other people who gave this product a thumbs down .
 I did n't buy this because the Product Dimensions
 I do n't understand how some people can say that it 's easy to use . I gave up and bought Magix , which really is easy and MUCH MUCH more fun !!
 I bought it thinkin ' that it would help me with my band and stuff , but it needs to be alot more simpler . I think the MIDI and the Audio part need to be separated more . I ca n't get any sound to come through my speakers!Shock on , SeAwEeD
 I just wanted something I could write music with . I ca n't read music but I can lay down tracks with a computer that sound almost as good as anything commercially available . The interface on this is not intuitive , it 's not easy to use , and I 'm sorry I got it .
 I had asked the salesman at the Best Buys what software would let me record LP 's and cassette tapes into my computer for playback and burning to CD 's . He sold me this Music Creator 2003 and when I tried to use it it turned out to be a complete waste of my thirty bucks ! I kept getting asked to specify a MIDI output and found out it wouldnt accept the one on my VAIO with XP . I was also rudely informed I would have to buy yet another software from 12Tones to get closer to my purpose of buying this in the first place.I am forced to rate it as one star when it actualy earns a minus one.If you want to record your LP 's and cassettes into your computer and play them on it or put them on a CD , FORGET this `` stuff '' ! Buy a stand-alone CD recorder !
 I just bought this product a few days ago , and based on anticipation from everyone 's reviews I was so excited about it . Then , when I got home to install it , the nightmare bagan.My computer is a top of the line Dell Preformance PC and I have never had problems with any of my configurations . That said , the first problem began with an issue with DirectX Version 9 . The program is set up to use with DirectX 8.1 which , as you may or may not know , is not compatible with Windows XP . I have DirectX 9 installed -LRB- which is designed especially for XP and a much better version -RRB- . At any rate , I kept getting error messages everytime I loaded the install program , and it would tell me that the program was installing and would restart , but would never actually install . So I tried to call customer service and that was a joke , some ill-thought hours from 10am-3pm EST or therebout . So I tried the website and found a patch . Note that at this point , I have n't even seen the program interface yet and I 've already had to download a patch.Finally I got the program up and running only to find that now I can play music and sound on all of my applications , but Music Creator 2003 wo n't play any sound at all . I checked the troubleshooting guide in both the manual and the help files and the only thing it came back with was ` check your speaker connections and restart your computer ' and ` your sound card is not properly installed , please remove the card and try to re-install the device driver ' . So I 'm currently at a standstill because I ca n't even get through to technical support due to the awkward hours.I gave this product 2 stars because I hate to not give it any , with such good reviews it must be good -LRB- once you get it functioning properly I mean -RRB- . Honestly , I expected much more , especially for being a byproduct of Sonar also by Cakewalk , which is truly and amazing program although it costs near the $ 300 mark for the full registered version .
 I 'm not a musician , ie , I do n't read music very well . I recently joined a choir -LRB- I 've got a good ear -RRB- and bought this program so that I could copy my tenor parts from the scores we sing and listen to them until I got them down pat . I think this program must be directed toward folks who compose using a MIDI interface because it 's definitely NOT for folks who want to use music notation . If you get any more complex than 4/4 time the program inserts funny rests , seemingly at random , which ca n't be removed . You can enter words with the music but it 's difficult to line up the words with their proper notes . It 's not very happy with notation or accidentals or time changes or key changes . In short , this may be fine for a MIDI composer but you should look elsewhere if you want to `` compose '' using a staff .
 There seems to be a serious problem with the installation procedure for Music Creator 2003 under Windows XP/Home Edition . As always with XP , it 's necessary to be an Administrator in order to install the software , and the program works just fine when you start it from an Admin account . No surprizes there.HOWEVER , if you log in under a non-privileged account , Music Creator dies with a message about `` unable to create Staff view music font . '' Then , rather than exiting , the program hangs with its initial splash screen displayed . It just sits there , frozen , until you kill it with the Task Manager . -LRB- Very lame ... -RRB- From this behavior , I have to assume that no one at Cake Walk ever tested this software under a non-privileged account . -LRB- I probably should n't be surprized by this , given that no one ever tested it with DirectX 9.0 either ... -RRB- Of course , one workaround is simply to run the program from Admin all the time , but this is a TERRIBLE security risk . Admin-enabled accounts should be used ONLY for system maintenance -- NEVER for day-to-day work . -LRB- Unless of course , you really like giving viruses the run of your machine . -RRB- In my case , I think the correct workaround for this problem is to return the software and get a refund ...
 This program Came with a cable that ws defective . I had to return it .
 Wasted money , too complicated , dont use it anymore
 All the reviews indicated that this software was easy to use . I found the opposite . Maybe I 'll get used to Pyro but I doubt it.I should have bought something else .
 I found the interface confusing and hard to understand as compared to roxio and even windows media player . I was buring some music to cd and the program wo n't allow you to name tracks!Another problem is data cd burning , you can not erase a cd-rw disk . I sent an email to customer support and they confirmed the program does not offer the track naming feature and said `` we know the erase feature is an important feature and we 're working on it for our next revision . Just use the disk erase that came with your computer . '' Well , so now I use windows media player to burn audio cds , and winxp to erase disks , i 'm wondering what exactly I am going to use this program for . Basic data cd burning I get with roxio that came with my xp program . I suggest writing customer service if you have specific needs to see if their program will do it . There web site is no help .
 Roxio Easy CD creater is a much better value , unless you want waste half a day recording music .
 I got Pyro 2003 to try to make converting LPs to MP3 a little simpler . I thought rather than use one tool to capture audio , another to convert to MP3 , and yet another to clean up LP noise , Pyro seemed a good choice . PC mag write up sealed the deal . Although it does all that is advertised , the software is so god-awful slow in saving any file - even without changing file format - that I have reverted to multiple software packages . And no , I ca n't blame my hardware , 1.5 gz P4.Pryo does offer a nice way to clean up audio noise . It lets you listen to just the noise being removed isolated from all other sound . This really helps when the control labels and graphs are meaningless . Again , saving the results of any cleanup are so slow that I 'd rather live with the noise until a better solution comes along.My copy of Pyro 2003 will be destined for e-bay .
 The first week I had this I was pretty impressed . However , the second week I started getting run-error messages and the program would n't open anymore . The support site they give for this problem seems to be non-existent -LRB- at least Google ca n't find it -RRB- and tech support is pretty lame
 They were out of the Trombone we wanted that came with much more accessories . You get what you pay for . I got a $ 150 Trombone . I could have gotten a used piece of crap off Craig 's list so it was definitely better than that!My music teacher said it was as good as any for a first time student . My son likes it and it works well . It is a cool shade of silver!I rated it 2 out of 5 though because it has kind of a toy feel to it . I guess because it is so light and the metal is so thin ... Like I said it is doable just not durable !
 Here 's how it works . You spend WAY TOO MUCH money on this software that looks and feels like you are back in the mid-nineties once you start using it . You go to the first lesson -LRB- which will be in a really small window with no expansion or full screen options -RRB- and then press `` play '' to hear the audio example attached to the lesson . At that point , either a red X appears over the box or nothing appears . In either case you HEAR NOTHING -LRB- granted , my computer was purchased after GW Bush 's fist term so there may be compatability issues -RRB- . Since the program has no setup or options or file menu to configure anything you go to the user manual . The user manual has precisely ZERO troubleshooting tips . So then you go to the website and find out that you will not be able to so much as email anyone who can answer a simple question without paying for the priveledge to do so . Also , hope you are a QuickTime user because it ALLEGEDLY plays examples through quick-time and quick-time only . If you install the `` free '' quicktime off of the disc you get a trial version of quicktime that needs a registration code that is not provided . Thus , you must pay money to quicktime if you want a player for the alleged music and sounds built into this program . I am certain that this was a valuable program in 1996 , but right now it is a big waste of time and mostly money , but hey , clearly Apple needed their cut and that jacked the price up . Seems we could have gotten a registration code for Quick Time out of the deal.My advice . Do n't buy this or any other Sibelius product . Buy their stock . They have a 95 % profit margin on all their software and spend no money on R and D or customer service.bottom line
 This thing is kinda cool , a new idea or way of doing something , but also not so easy to use . The wheel you turn to choose a note , is way to hard to move , and the power saving feature that turns it off every 5 seconds , makes you have to move the wheel again , to make it come back on , Then you have to move it again , to go back to the last note you were working on in the first placeSecondly , you can not use this if you dont know what your already doing anyway . It works by showing you a pulse on the string , then you tune the string , to slow the pulse down , and stop it completely , to be in perfect tuneThe problem is , if the string is way out of tune , you will not see the pulse at all . You have to get it close to tune , to see the pulse , then slow the pulse down , to tune , then finally freeze or stop the pulse , to lock it inIf your string is not already close , you will never see the pulse , and never get it to slow down or stop . So if you cant tune close by ear , you wont be able to use this , to fine tune it at all . And also , forget using it in the daylight etc. . Be ready to curse every time it shuts off to save power , and have a sore finger tip , from turning the super tight little wheel 50 times every time you tune your guitarIts pretty cool , but not very practical
 S.o.s. Guitar TunerIt certainly is cheap but as a tuner it has some pretty severe limitations . If one or more of the stings on your guitar are in tune , or very close to it , then this gadget can be useful , but there are situations where it 's basically completely useless . If a string is way out of tune and there 's enough noise around you that you ca n't hear the string and compare it to others you could spend an hour trying to find the right pitch and never find it , or you could just keep twisting the tuner until the string snaps . Even under optimal conditions , it 's much harder and time-consuming to use than most tuners . I can tune much faster and just about as accurately using a pitch pipe.This tuner does have an advantage over many otherwise superior tuners in that you can use it in low light situations , but that hardly excuses its shortcomings . I suggest you spend a little more and get something that works faster and better . For example , the Intellitouch PT1 and PT2 tuners are way better than this thing . I have n't tried the Intelli IMT500 Backlit Clip Style Tuner , but it looks like it matches up well against the Intellitouch models and comes at a more affordable price .
 When I first got this tuner I published a wishy-washy review -- the strobe works but it can be awkward to use . When I went to update my review in light of more experience , I found I could not change my star rating , so I erased the original review and wrote this one.Strobe tuners are all the rage for accuracy , but they cost in the hundreds of dollars . The idea of such an inexpensive strobe was too good to pass up ! I 'm a gadget nut . At this price , I had to give it a try . It does work as a strobe -- no question ! -- but it is so awkward to use that I never use it.Basically , the string is plucked with the pick portion of the tuner and the string is tuned until the visual `` beats '' cast by the two lights disappear . This process will be familiar to anyone whose ever tuned a double-stringed instrument like a mandolin or a lap dulcimer . There , the beats are aural . There 's a wah-wah quality to the plucked double-string that disappears when the strings are tuned together perfectly.The SOS tuner works in similar fashion , but the beats are visual . The lights appear to cast two beams come and go at different frequencies until the string is tuned to the desired pitch . When that happens , the two lights cast what appears to be a single unwavering beam . The problem is that unlike aural beats , which persist even as the sound fades away , the visual beats of the SOS tuner require that the the string be moving with some vigor . It takes a second or so from when the string is first plucked to settle down and then after a few seconds the string has to be plucked again ... and again.If you keep at it for a few minutes , you can tune your instrument this way . When I judge my results to what my other tuners say , I find that most of the time , most of the string are tuned properly . But rarely do the result agree completely with my Korgs , Seikos , and Intellis . In fairness , those tuners do n't always agree with each other , but the SOS is always just a little more different . One could argue that it 's not that much different . However , ever time I use the SOS and check the results , I end up asking myself , `` Why am I putting myself through this ?! '' I return to one of the other tuners , start over , and go away happy.The SOS tuner is an interesting conversation piece , but in all honesty I found it to be a complete waste of money .
 Buy the original Rockman SR&D on ebay . Dunlop owns the products now and it is not the same thing as it was in the day . I own the X100 , Ultralight , Soloist and Bass Rockman . They all sound amazing .
 Having used the original years ago I was disappointed by the quality -LRB- lite plastic housing , hard to open battery bay and terrible hissing even at low levels -RRB- . I wish I had checked the reviews more carefully before ordering .
 Since I could n't find a listing for a Gator bag for a cornet , Ordered this one for my cornet based upon all the good reviews thinking that the extra length might leave room inside for a few extras . That part was a good decision because there is enough room in the back of the main compartment for a small bag of accessories and I can leave the mouthpiece in . However , I soon discovered a glaring shortcoming in the bags design that puts the instrument 's bell in jeopardy
 I have n't used this cable but one time and noticed right away that there was a connection issue . Honestly i think the plugs are a hair too small and is not making complete contact with the inside of the amp or the inside of my amp out on my guitar . I tried my old cable and my old cable works just fine . it is just a generic brand . I am really disappointed in the Monster brand because they are usually known for making quality products . Going to contact monster to see what they will do for me since the cable has a lifetime garantee . If the new cable they ship me works just fine , I will update my review . What a pain .
 Monster products are overrated and overpriced.I have one and the end fell off on the very first gig.It was replaced by the lifetime warranty , but it was a hassle getting it exchanged.Also , the cables are heavy and bulky.Rapco cables are much better and about half the price .
 I got this guitar when i first started out mostly cus it fit my budget and a did n't know squat about guitars . Few months later it just was n't performing well . The action was horrible and the tone knobs almost fell off a few times and even when i tightened them they were still loose . I tried putting better strings on it and other hardware but it still did n't help at all . the only good use for this guitar is to hang it p on your wall , i would n't even use it for a callous builder . if you want a good strat i suggest getting a ledgit fender or go to rondomusic.com they have great quality guitars for good prices . i now have a nice agile les paul and i 'm never going back
 We purchased this Austin Bazaar guitar kit as a gift for our 10 year old grandson . It was his first guitar . Since we lived out of state we had this shipped to his home . It arrived in good time , the price was right and it arrived in good shape . However , our grandson was having trouble tuning the guitar and actually playing the guitar . Needless to say our grandson was disappointed . When we did visit we were very displeased to find that the guitar was so poorly constructed that it could not be played . We were told by Austin Bazaar that we were pretty much on our own as the 30 day warranty had elapsed . Never did we imagine that we had ordered an inferior instrument . We ended up taking it in for repair to a respected local music store only to be told to scrap it and save the money it would cost to repair it to purchase another guitar of good quality . We did . We will never support Austin Bazaar again . We have purchased several guitars online over the years and never came across such poor craftmanship nor such unprofessional treatment . As a dedicated Amazon shopper we are disappointed .
 I ca n't believe this shady company is still getting away with selling their COMPLETELY OVERPRICED cables . Why are people still duped by the idea that these are ANY better than your standard Planet Waves cables , for instance . Ask any true audiophile or serious musician , and they will tell you
 On a quest for tone , with hand-made Kendrick amps and a strat that took me 20 years to choose for the great sound , I picked up a couple monster cables just like these , except with straight-to-straight plugs . Rock solid cables , I never had any worries about breaks like you often get with bargain-basement cables . Was the tone better ? Marginally I think . Between the amp , the guitar , the room , your hands and the cables , the cables seem to have the least effect . But I 've had the cables for 5 years now , I 'm not kind to my cables , and I still have them and use them . However , my personal opinion is that whatever cable in your setup connects to your guitar , do n't use one of these . Like I said , they 're rock solid , the feel is more brittle than flexible , and they do n't do well for movement . Any hint at a twist of the cable and it 's a snarl that you ca n't shake loose . Any tangle and you 're on your hands and knees untangling it , because you ca n't shake them loose . I tell people , without much exaggeration , `` two steps forward , two steps back , and the cable is a tangled mess '' . So when you 're choosing your weapons , do n't choose this one to plug into your guitar . For the rest of your signal path , go for it . They last forever .
 I was really excited when I found this for less than $ 30 . I 'm a guitar player and I 've been in need of a new cable , and I knew that if I wanted something good for gigs that would last me a long time , Monster would be the way to go . It shipped on time and seemed to be in good physical condition , but I was n't giving me a signal . I tried it out on a few different instruments and machines just to make sure that I was n't the problem , but the cable was a dud . It 's a shame because I really wanted this cable . In it 's defense , I bought this used because I 'm cheap , but even then , I would still expect it to function like new . I returned it for a full refund . I 'm still going to buy this cable , but when I do it will be in person at a local guitar shop .
 Monster Cable 's lifetime warrantee seems non-existent . If you try their 1-877 phone lines to report a warrantee claim , you will be asked to hold for long periods until you give up . I waited 30 minutes before I gave up . If you try to talk to an operator , you will be asked to re-dial and connect to the warrantee department and then you 're back in the long wait . And if you manage to get through they will say their computers are down and you need to call again.This lifetime guarantee is just a cheap marketing trick to get the public think you are getting a product with a lifetime guarantee . I will not fall for this trick making me spend $ 49 for a 21 ' guitar cable when I can get a generic one for $ 15 - $ 20 .
 These cables are ridiculously over priced ! Make your own , buy live wire , but for gods sake do not pay 50 $ for a 21 foot cable !
 I have had TWO right angle Monster cables break in less then 1 year since I purchased . I 'm extremely careful with my cables -LRB- considering the price , would n't you be too ? -RRB- and I 'm simply stunned at the breakage . Something comes apart inside the soldered connection and the cable become intermittent , VERY FRUSTRATING ! For that kind of money I feel pretty let down .
 i bought one and it had a faulty connection at the angle . monster cable gave me a free replacement but that too had a faulty connection at the angle .
 NO ONE needs three feet of cable for $ 30 -LRB- $ 10/ft -RRB- . Think before you buy - longer versions of the same cable can be bought for less money on this very site .
 Broke my old Fender cable so I thought I 'd give one of these a whirl.Pros : Definitely feels well-made ; can probably take a beatingCons : Did n't sound any different -LRB- better or worse -RRB- than my cheap Fender - sounds fine , but did n't get any extra `` low-end punch '' it advertisesDoes not stay straight very well , which means if you like to move around you will get tangledIf this cable significantly removes crackling , it means you were using a REALLY cheap cable before . IMO , the increased price is due to better materials and durability , not superior sound . Worth it if you are looking for solid sound + durability . NOT worth it if you are looking for superior sound + durability .
 I was intrigued by the Monster idea of their wiring this cable as if it were balanced -- two conductors in the core instead of just one . Normally , I think Monster Cable is a lot of hype . I was impressed with this cable until I took it out on gig . I moved around a little during a few songs , looked down and saw the cable was all twisted up on itself , making it about six feet long . I unplugged it , twisted it back so it was straight , and played some more . Same result . I tried the same remedy again , and got the same result a few songs later . I 'll continue to use this for practicing , but not for gigs .
 A huge waste of money , nothing about this cable was better than my previous one
 I 'll be short and to-the-point . In case you are n't sure , an instrument cable DOES matter . If you 're looking for a reliable and sturdy cable for your bass guitar - whether for home use or on the road - then Monster Bass is the one . My last cable was a Monster cable -LRB- standard , not bass -RRB- , and it lasted for five years of frequent use.Pros : - Looks and FEELS like a high-quality cable ... thick and sturdy - Can improve the sound quality of your instrument - it IS noticeable , even if only a little ! - Great length at 21 ft. -LRB- If you do n't need 21 feet , then go with the 12-foot one . But I like to move around when I play and stretch my bass across the room . -RRB- - Sleek look - This might sound ancillary , but the packaging is great ! You do n't have to take a saw to the package . There are tiny clips around the package to open it easily and get your cable out in a hurry ! - Angled , so the cable stays a bit more out of the way while playing , and because it 's angled it 's not always bending , thus leading to a longer-lasting cable.Con : - A bit pricier than your average cable , but then again this cable is well above average . And you get what you pay for , right ? This is definitely worth the few extra bucks ! It 's better than buying several cheap cables.If you 're in the market for a solid , functional , long-lasting , and nice-looking bass guitar cable for home use or performances that will give your bass the best possible tone quality , then go with Monster Bass . You 'll be happy you spent the few extra dollars!EDIT
 When i was 14 i wanted to get a drum set and i was looking for something that was reasonably priced -LRB- under 450 maybe -RRB- , and this was recommended to me , mostly because of its free shipping . Even for the price amazon is selling this thing for , its waaaaaaaayyyyyy to much . The heads are not all that good , the drums in general sound bad . Sure , its a beginner set , but this is largest drum kit i 've seen on the net that First Act sells . Spend 100 more dollars and get an HB Drums kit . A kit with the same finish -LRB- wine red -RRB- and same size diameter toms -LRB- though thickness is much more -RRB- runs 100 bucks more than this , and you get free shipping from HB Drums with orders more than 50 dollars . Not to mention the cymbals for the First Act kit are complete crap , the HB Drums cymbals will at least last , though they are n't the greatest thing in the world , they are at least tolerable.Seriously , reach an inch deeper in your wall and get something thats ALOT more bang for your buck.I started with this kit and then added a 22 `` x18 '' kick and 14 '' power tom from HB drums , the kick and tom in a wine red finish , and they stand out in my kit alot because they sound alot better than the first act ones . Also , first act does n't give the options HB Drums does . You might not want 12 '' 13 '' and 16 '' toms . Maybe you want 8 '' and 10 '' toms with the 16 '' floor . or you want 15 '' ansd 16 '' rack toms with an 18 '' floor , whatever floats your boat ... HB Drums lets you buy individual drums , not so with first act . If they are really young , and JUST starting out , get the HB Drums junior drums , or maybe just a 10 '' tom or something . First Act definetly not worth the money .
 My son paid for this drum set pictured . Amazon sent the wrong set , and is junky !! The cymbals are small , the set is not made well . This set at best might work for a small child , but it will not last long . If you want a good set look elsewhere .
 I have this drumset , and I 've are broke 4 skins and had to replace the cymbals . I recommend Pearl or DW . But this drumset is worth $ 10 .
 G , D , and A work fine , but the E string squeals quite noticeably and and is very embarassing when it happens . The E string seems to have a mind of its own when deciding when to squeak
 I have been playing clarinet for over 30 years and was looking for a basic model slightly better than student grade.The first indication of a problem was that the mouthpiece chipped after less than a year -LRB- I play about twice a week and am careful with my instruments -RRB- . I sent two requests to Suzuki for a replacement since it was still under warranty and got absolutely no response . After playing this model for about 4 years , I took it for repair to a local music shop -LRB- some of the keys were bent -RRB- and was told it was n't even worth fixing . The tone was always very fuzzy , and it was very difficult using a reed thicker than # 2 to play with . I am extremely disappointed with this product and will never again purchase this brand of clarinet . I agree with the technician 's assessment
 I purchased this product for my Niece . After two months of use , the item was barely playable . Her band teacher said this was one of the worse quality products she had ever seen . DO NOT BUY .
 I purchased this Clarinet for my child , as an alternative to the school rental Clarinet . I was n't thrilled with paying $ 50 a month for a rental ... and really did n't want to buy an $ 800 dollar Clarinet for a child that was n't sure if he really wanted to play . I played and learned both instruments with my child , as extra incentive to help him stay interested.The produced arrive on time , and the build quality looked very similar to the more expensive rental . The sound quality was something else entirely.Even using the same reeds , this instrument needed more effort in order to achieve the same level of play . I was never quite as happy with the sound of this instrument as I was with the rental . For an 8 year old in beginning band , I decided that cheaper was still the way to go ... or I probably would have returned the item . I really ca n't recommend this product .
 DO NOT BUY THIS INSTRUMENT FOR YOUR CHILD . After about a year of playing , the keys will bend and the instrument will become unplayable . It is cheaply made and if you read the discriptions of the instrument on their website - notice how much they talk about how pretty the case is . All that glitters is not gold !!! This is just very shiny junk in a flashy case.No band directors recommend these instruments , and repair shops refuse to work on them because you 'd have to replace all the keys to fix it . . You get what you pay for ... a beginner clarinet should be about $ 600 ... getting this for $ 200 will wind up costing you a total of $ 800 when you have to buy another one after it breaks .
 We bought this for my daughter for her first year band . She has played other musical instruments and generally good about caring for instruments . We had to take it to the music store twice for repairs during the course of the year -LRB- We did not have time to send it off for warrantee repairs due to the turnaround time . -RRB- Even after fixing , the clarinet did not make the same level of sound as a used Buffett student clarinet we decided to replace it with .
 I bought this violin about 6 months ago from internet vendor . This is the worst violin I have ever tried . Nothing is true about this violin 's description . First , wood smelled like they were just cut fresh , not aged at all . Varnish on wood is terrible for any stringed instrument . It has the worst furniture varnish consist of thick uneven coat of poorly applied polyurethane . Finger board is painted black and it is not even straight . Chin rest and peg are made out of plastic , not ebony . There were no ebony parts . They are either painted black or plastic . The bridge is not even maple . It is cut poorly and wo n't fit correctly . Pegs will slip and snap . Fine tuners will wobble too much . Then strings will break . If you want cheap violin , buy Suzuki or Klaus Mueller . At least they work like violin and sound like violin
 Description sounded very nice , and included bows , nice case and extra strings -LRB- not very good -RRB- and rosin . It looks ok but it needed lot of adjustments . Bridge was not set at right height , and had to adjust it . No matter what I did , it was difficult to get good sound out of it . I guess I got what I paid for . My daughter did not like the sound and went back to old Suzuki violin until we bought a decent Eastman violin . Paid lot more , but sounds lot better too . Difficulty in buying violin over the internet is that you do not get to try it out . Since these are factory made from China , you will get lucky once in a while . My son also plays and he got lucky with CVN-400 3/4 size , which sounded wonderful . So , you might get lucky , but if you pay just a bit more , you can get a violin that will sound better . Good luck and let me know if you want to buy a used CVN-600 violin , ...
 1 -RRB- The bridge is not high enough to support the 1st and 2nd strings . They just lay down on fingerboard directly although it offers two bridges.This violin is useless to anyone because you need to resolve the above problem firstly . To have a new hand made bridge costs USD 120 here . Besides , I have no evidence but it very likely this violin was made in China . By the same price , I will suggest Romania 's .
 I spent a good ammound of money to get this case . Right away when I received it , it came scratched and missing a few rivits . I still kept the case as it was at the time the only one around . Everyone should know that this case scratchs and dents very easy . In fact that metal I would guess to be 21 GA steel or maybe even thinner . Im guessing it 's glued to plastic behind the steel . So it maintains its shape but the scratchs are very noticable . So on to the PROS , I have gotten many compliments on how cool the case looks . In fact I got one last night . If you bring your gear to gigs with lots of on lookers such as jams by yourself then this is the case for you . If you are a traveling music guy such as myself , throwing things in the trailer or back of the truck , this is NOT the case you want . It will be shredded before you even know it .
 I ordered this for my son for his birthday and was not pleased when the product came with no instructions . Regardless , my husband was eventually able to get the drum set together . After three short days of use , the cymbal completely busted off the bass mount . I emailed the company regarding this and they responded rather quickly . They mentioned that the product could be replaced but that there was normally a charge if there was any damage done after use but due to it only being three days , they would replace if the product was in stock . However , I was responsible for the shipping . I emailed pictures back and question why it would n't normally be replaced after use since they state there is a one year warranty on this product . I have emailed three more times for any update to the status of this and have yet to receive a response . I am about to ship the entire product back . So far , I am not pleased with the products quality OR their customer service . And now I have a five year old who absolutely loved his drum set waiting daily for a new cymbal !
 it was broken upon delivery . i 'm sure if it worked i would have given it 5 stars because i 've already used other versions of it before . but i am very disappointed .
 I have no complaints about this product , other than the fact that it is made from rosewood -- an endangered rainforest tree . And the pins work no better than plastic pins .
 ordered and paid for on 9/4/2009 , its now 9/9/2009 , and it has not shipped yet . they say its in stock so there is no reason for the delay in shipping . very disapointing . could be my last amazon perchase .
 Let 's face it , in order to operate any yamaha product these days you need a PHD in computer engineering . The video is helpful , but it is really really bad . They explain what the MO can do -LRB- sorta -RRB- , but it doesnt explain how it can be done . The commmon phrase they say in this is `` we do n't wan na drown you with information ... '' I see it like this , if I paid 1,000 bucks for a keyboard that 's difficult to operate I 'd want you to drown me in as much information as possible . If I feel it 's too much I can fast forward . It 's helpful , but bad . Do n't buy it new . Buy it , learn from it , and then get rid of as soooon as possible .
 The Hamilton is the old standard that 's been around since I was a kid . I had one , at one time , when I owned a cheap bass , and even then I did n't trust it . I trashed my Hamilton , bought an Ingles , which costs about the same but is much more stable , and finally discovered theHercules Stands Double Bass Stand . The Hercules cost about $ 70 , but since you ca n't buy a decent double bass for less than $ 1500 , is it worth trying to save $ 25 by buying a Hamilton ? Get a Hercules , or better yet , a SharBass Stand/Stool -LRB- $ 150 -RRB- , and you can relax . Your instrument deserves as much .
 I used to buy nothing but Monster cables for musical equipment , even though the price after discounting -LRB- I 'm one of the store 's longest-standing customers -RRB- was not insubstantial . I became less interested in the brand when a piano patch cord shorted out on me , followed by the rubberized housing at both ends of this midi cable pulling loose from the plug , thereby exposing the thin wires underneath . Granted , not everyone is going to use the cable for jobbing , but of late I 'm happy to play Hosannahs on my Hosa cables .
 DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME , FRUSTRATION OR MONEY . This USED to be a reputable company . I do not know what has happened to their quality , but you have to know it has taken a nose-dive if Monster Cable can be out-done by products from Radio Shack . After a few short months of use -LRB- plugged into a stationary professional electronic keyboard like it is supposed to be -RRB- I started noticing that gravity was taking a toll on the connectors . Specifically , there was a slight bend from the metal mount of the midi pins to the plastic-wrapped connectors . Therein lies the culprit - PLASTIC . As of today , -LRB- approx 3 months later -RRB- , the plastic pulled away from the midi connector , thus ` popping ' off and completely damaging the interior connector pins , making this product USELESS . -LRB- What 's worse , is now that I could see inside the assembly , lo and behold - more plastic ! -RRB- I had read the previous poor reviews and thought that maybe the problems other buyers were experiencing were just random issues . WRONG . Take my word for it , -LRB- or not - you 'll find out anyway -RRB- , take the trip to Radio Shack or purchase from a professional music store , cables that have solid WRAPPED secure bindings . Funny , on the Monster Cable package it says `` patent-pending connector with 24K gold contacts '' - USELESS if they pull apart and break due to the cheap crappy plastic casing you are using to hold it all together . duh ! Also useless is their FULL 100 % REPLACEMENT warranty . How does this make sense ? A new pair wo n't be affected by gravity ? More duh . I 'll replace these alright , but not with Monster Cable .
 First and foremost , this flute is in A , not in D . That is to say , the lowest note this flute can play , with all six holes closed , is an A. . . and playing the notes above it in sequence , lifting one finger at a time , produces an A Major scale . This is a disappointment for me , because I had hoped to find an inexpensive side-blown flute for my young pennywhistle students to try ... but this flute does n't fit the bill , because it does not play in the same key as the D pennywhistles , and besides , because it 's a major fourth lower , it 's too big for their hands.That said , if you actually want an inexpensive flute in the key of A , how does this one perform ? Well , it 's nice sounding and easy to play in the lower octave , but the second octave is a challenge . I would n't recommend it for kids unless they have nearly adult-sized hands . Not bad for the price , though . I suspect that the only way to improve on this instrument within the same budget is to make one 's own out of PVC pipe . A web search for `` PVC flute '' will turn up any number of sites with instructions for doing this . Barring that option , my experience is that $ 35 is the low end of what a better flute -LRB- PVC , bamboo , or metal -RRB- will cost .
 Had one of these for a couple years , it worked great and I loved it . Last week I lost mine somehow so I immediately went back on Amazon to purchase another . To my amazement when it got here I noticed that they had changed the design of it slightly , it used to clamp down as far as you wanted it to go , but now it just stops dead after a very small amount of travel . This means for a guitar like mine with a thin neck there is no way to secure the capo to the upper frets . So , now I 've wasted $ 13 on nothing . Thanks a bunch idiots . Everyone do yourselves a favor and avoid this capo until they change it back to the way it used to be .
 Although the quality of the item is fine , and it is light and compact , there is one rather serious design flaw that stops me from using it ... the part of the capo that makes contact with the back of the neck is too short , and also is flat and not curved . Therefore , it meets the neck in such a way that it seems very likely to dig into the neck and dammage the guitar .
 I bought one of these capos about 3 years ago , and was very happy with its super-functional design and low profile . I lost that capo at a show , however , and endeavored to purchase an identical replacement , which this is not . This model is much wider and thus does not clamp down nearly as narrow as the previous model , so it just barely fits on the neck of my acoustic guitar when the screw is all the way tightened . For my electric guitars it is of no value . I 'm not sure what they were thinking with this redesign -- why limit the travel so that it only fits on guitars with the thickest necks ? I thought that I had been sent the wrong model , but no -- the package states that it is a universal capo for mostly all guitars . Well , unless you play a guitar with a super-fat neck then I would consider this a waste of money ...
 I bought this Planet Waves `` classical '' guitar capo to use with my Takamine classical guitar . Unfortunately , it does not work very well . The capo runs out of adjustment and does not fully press the strings down when trying to use at the 2nd and 3rd frets . The result is what you 'd expect , a muffled buzz on the lower strings due to not being tight on the fret . I guess maybe my Takamine has a slimmer neck profile than what the Planet Waves classical capo was supposed to work with , but it would not have taken much to make this one work . They could have built in more adjustment or made the cushion a little thicker . I 'll keep it and try to modify it myself if I can , but I was sure hoping to use it without any of that . I really like the steel string capo , and for that matter , I 've liked everything I 've ever used from Planet Waves -LRB- polishing cloth , circuit breaker guitar cables -RRB- . But this capo is a bit disappointing .
 The only instrument this works well on is my Yamaha guitarelele which has nylon strings , for steel strings I want more pressure , I advise getting the NS Capo that is not `` lite '' , I prefer that one above this model .
 I received my capo last week after having used a friends and being very pleased . It was being used on a Squier Classic Vibe Custom Telecaster which has a pretty thin neck . I liked being able to dial in exactly to the point of playability without having to worry about tuning issues found on other capos.However , when I received mine and set to work attaching it to my guitar , I noticed it was much more stiff than the one I had used previously . Right as it got to what I felt was a proper tension , the arm snapped in half . Needless to say , I was not amused . Now I have spent money on a product that failed on it 's first use . I like the design and hope that maybe mine was a fluke . But it would seem that the manufacturing process has changed . Good luck on the draw if you decide to purchase one of these for a guitar with a thinner neck . I 'm sure it would be fine on a thicker neck .
 due to -LRB- possible alcohol fueled -RRB- enthusiastic beating , this puppy broke on it 's second day of use . luckily we were able to find a temporary replacement , but I had hoped it would last a little longer .
 The wood can not hold up to moderate use . It broke on second use . Spend a few more buck and buy better .
 I 'll keep this short and sweet . . I used to have a typical Dunlop capo , but lost it at one point during a move from Michigan to California . I decided to pick this up at a nearby store -- the design was interesting , seemed like it 'd work pretty well ... unfortunately , I was mostly wrong . The design is nice , and definitely does n't look as bulky as a regular capo , and the ratcheting is a good concept as well . The biggest problem -- it does n't fit with various neck types , and as a result , a lot of the time only 5 out of 6 strings will be held down ... but for those that ARE held down , they are n't exactly held down very well . Stick with the original capo designs .
 Looks like a quality microphone , but since it ships without a connecting wire we ca n't tell . Bought this to go with a Christmas gift , so there are some disappointed children . My fault for not reading the description entirely , but it never occurred to me it would ship without a wire . Just make sure to buy a wire if you buy this mic .
 I bought 2 of these because I am short on money and needed two microphones for karaoke . They arrived in good time and came in excellent packaging . While inspecting them , I noticed nothing wrong with them and they seemed sturdy enough . I even set my whole system to test them out . They worked fine.I get to my show and start to set and go to plug them in . When I had to move a cord and unplugged one of the mic 's , I saw that one of the prongs were pushed in . I used a pair of plyers to get it out . Tested the mic again and the same prong was pushed in . Then I looked at the other mic and saw the same thing had happened . I have been using mic 's for years and never had that happen before . They still worked but had to hold the cable during the show.Was thinking I could just glue it later , I packed up and went home . The next day I check them out to see what I could do , Now one prong is completely imbedded in the housing with no way to fix it . Also the other one now has the screen stripped for some reason.These mic 's are not worth the money I paid or to even try to get them replaced . My loss , Do n't let it be yours .
 If you order this microphone they will send you the less expensive Nady StarPower mic whichh sells for $ 6.99 .
 A beautiful guitar , and just the right size . However , it would not stay in tune and the POTS sometimes would not work at all , and sometimes would just suddenly start to work . I sent it back and after my last couple of experiences wit Epiphone I would not buy another until their quality control is seriously upgraded .
 I really wanted to like this guitar . I played it for a couple of weeks , hoping the flaws would stop bothering me , but I finally realized I just had to overlook too much to feel okay keeping it . I sent it back.First of all , the good things . It sounded good , really good , what with the P90s and the fully hollow body . I think the Casino Elitist sounded better , a little richer and more solid , but it was close ; really they were both good sounds , just different , almost coming down to personal preference . And the action felt good , too , low and fast . The quality of the woodwork was good overall , except for a clumsily-cut curve in the headstock , which disappointed me because , to my eye , this nice little arc carved on each side of the headstock is part of the iconic design of the Casino , a nice little detail that sets it apart from its Gibson cousins . The polyurethane finish was well done , smooth and even.But the stain was another story . It was applied in blotches , and you could see streaks and sponge marks where the stain had been allowed to dry too much before wiping off , or something of this nature . Streaky , ugly , blotchy . Not good.The pots appeared to be cheap , and when you twisted them , they wobbled on their axis rather than spinning straight . This did not inspire confidence ; I feared for their longevity.But the frets were the deal killer . The fret job was abandoned halfway to completion . Maybe they thought nobody would notice . Maybe a lot of people would n't . Here 's what they did
 This is the last thing I ever buy from Amazon , shipping updates are non-existent and lately for some reason they send everything through Fedex , which is a horrible company . Nothing ever is on time and their customer support is garbage . So for time sensitive stuff such as books and other school and work related materials you 'll be screwed . This was once a good service but ca n't keep up anymore , so moving on.The guitar is great . I had a chance to try it in my local store and the sound is unbelievable . I do n't really need to say much about the guitar it 's an Epi Casino -LRB- do n't care where it 's made , it 's good quality -RRB- .
 The Amazon website for the sale of this product has a problem . If you look and the photo second from the left , it clearly shows the clarinet stored left to right with a handy place inside the case to store music . If you look at the photo second from the right and third from the right it shows a case with the instrument going the opposite way , front to back , without a place to store music inside the instrument compartment . Anyone know which is correct ?
 I bought 20 of these for my infusion center . This pole does not roll comfortably as the stand is too close to the floor . One almost needs to lift it to travel . Also the height adjusting mechanism is often difficult to release and tighten .
 I have seen ProPac bass clarinet cases before and they never had this much room . My bass clarinet just sort of floats around in it . It fits fairly securely lengthwise but the rest of the body is n't in touch with anything accept one point on the backside . What padding do I need to buy to make it fit and not bounce around ? Guess I 'll use my old case until I figure it out . Disappointed . The rest of the features are great but it does n't do the most important thing and protect the instrument .
 I purchased this for my 6 year old grandaughter and she loved it.It 's the main item that she wanted for Christmas . It looks greatbut the amplifier stopped working in one day ... . So now she has no use for it . Kinda of expensive for only one day use .
 The Drum need to be reinforced . First of all the rebit on the drum is very week they break of easily , secondly the tension bolt tread get damage very easily , when trying to tune the drum . If Remo can come of with a stronger version of the drum it will be good .
 The audio on this unit failed after about a year 's use . It performed fine until that happened .
 its a basic metronome . the `` click '' sound is more of a modified beep and it is n't very loud even turned all the way up . I returned this item .
 I personally do not like this metronome because of the red light that flashes each time it sounds . I find it distracting and headache inducing . If this would bother you look for something else .
 We bought this metronome and my kids loved it . They used it daily for piano practice . It worked great for a few months until one day the switch snapped as my son was using it . The switch is really tiny , and it was a pain to turn on and off even before it broke . The switch broke in half for us , just where it sticks out , leaving the remainder of the switch flush with the unit.I kept the packaging for a bit , but then had thrown it away , so I have not contacted the manufacturer . I am looking for a better longer term replacement . In the meantime , I managed to turn it back on again and we 've been using it the last month or so by attaching and removing the battery . -LRB- Not ideal , but it works ! -RRB-
 I owned the Seiko SQM-357 for over 30 years and bought the SQ50-V so I could retire the SQM before it broke . For my purposes , the only improvement of the SQ50-V over the oldie but goodie is the volume control . The two different click settings and the addition of the B-flat tuning drone is of no use to me . There are four negatives , hence the poor rating . The first negative is the On/Off switch . The SQM switch was broad and flat and did n't dig into one 's thumb . The switch on the SQ50-V is a sharp , tiny nub of plastic that digs uncomfortably into my flesh -- I do n't like it at all . The second negative is the display . The old model was painted with concentric circles of black and blue and was embossed with metallic lettering . The beat pointer was red . The old design was highly readable from 18 inches away in a variety of lighting conditions . The new design is n't quite as large and I do n't find the red and white to be quite as readable . The clear pointer is practically invisible so I just use the `` Quartz Metronome '' lettering on the dial , which is aligned with the pointer . It works , but why 'd they feel like they had to change a perfectly good face design ? The third negative is the stand . The SQM stand allowed the metronome to lie back at an angle that put the face in a plane parallel to my face . The SQ50-V is too upright and hence the face is more difficult to view . I often have to tilt it to see the display clearly . The fourth negative is the size . I do n't mind the metronome being heavier than the old SQM models that I and others miss , but the larger size , in all three dimensions is unacceptable . Is n't advancing technology supposed to make things smaller and lighter ? What did Seiko think they were doing when they cosmetically and functionally ruined their almost perfect metronome designs , the late and great SQM-35x models ?
 First off , all the effecta and the user interface are some of the best I 've dealt with , my only problem was that the effects would switch on and off without my touching the pedal . It 's quite possible that the unit I purchased was a fluke , but for now I 'm just sticking with my old Digitech
 I ordered the PINK guitar as a christmas gift for my 5 year old ... -LRB- she really wants to play guitar -RRB- when i received it and opened the box up it was very dark RED :-LRB- -LRB- the surface of the guitar is VERY VERY cheap looking . there were multiple cracks and chips and some minor dents.I really should have gone to the local music store ! I would NOT order this product again.VERY disappointed !
 Bought this for my daugher thats been wanting to take guitar lessons , well that wo n't be happening with this guitar . It is cheap garbage , five minutes after taking it out of the box one of the strings snapped . It is not the same color pink that showed in the picture it was much darker and had a ugly sticker on it that was not in the picture and that was peeling off . Scratches and imperfections all thru the paint . Wo n't hold a tune . So disapointed with this purchase . If your looking for more then a toy do n't buy this guitar . I wish I would have read all the reviews before purchasing .
 I received this guitar today . It is a piece of crap ! I do n't understand how it got 5 stars . I am trying to return it , but the seller -LRB- countlesspages -RRB- does not seem to provide a return option .
 I was hoping this was going to be a great deal but it was n't . Could never get it in tune and had to send it back . And then I messed up and sent it back without an Amazon ticket and still have n't received my refund - plus paying almost $ 15 to ship it back . I lost out on this one .
 This is the worst product I have ever purchased !!! Companies do not take pride in their products anymore . You do n't even get the guitar they show in the picture . Much less , This guitar is missing pieces and will not tune . How is a 7 year old girl supposed to hold a guitar without the snaps for a guitar strap ? It came with one snap at the bottom and no where else to connect the strap too . She wants to sing with it , but it is almost as big as she is and bulky with no strap . It is a worthless piece of junk !!! Not to mention the color is more RED than pink :--LRB- Boo on this company and product
 I think what most people are n't getting , is to really look at what experienced people have to say about this product . It does n't hurt to spend a little extra money on a $ 60 guitar on amazon -LRB- sure , you get what you pay for , but a $ 60 guitar compared to a $ 30 guitar , can have a significant difference -RRB- . This pink one does n't look all that great from my perspective , and I just would n't trust not being able to hold it in my hands and seeing what other experienced people have to say about it . Apparently this company is not the safest to go with either . Reviews really do help !
 i bought this for my daughter and it is basically just a toy first off there is a guitar string but not place on the guitar for it like real ones and there comes with a tuner but no instructions on how to tune it and there is n't a book not even a card with it.and the guitar still has wood inside and u can here it and the wood inside is not smooth at all u but ur finger and ur automatically going to get like 5 billion spliter
 Bought this as a beginner guitar for my daughter , not as a toy . String broke within 2 weeks -LRB- extra strings provided were not the right size -RRB- , still ca n't figure out how to put the strap on . Gig bag is very flimsy and cheap .
 This guitar would have been perfect if it were PINK as in the description . When my god-daughter opened it up , while on the phone with me and told me it was RED , I was very upset .
 this piano was recalled by Casio ! It caught fire in my daughters bedroom ! DO NOT PURCHASE !
 Having been a picker and strummer of six and twelve stringed guitars for nearly 45 years , I found myself offended by the unadvertised aspects of this ` name brand ' child 's guitar . Nowhere in the advertising does it mention that it simply can not be tuned to standard concert tuning -LRB- a reality quickly admitted by Dean staff when asked , -RRB- rendering it useless as a teaching instrument . It must be tuned at least one full note higher and regular concert tuning end even at that , the frets are not accurately enough placed to get consistent sounds -LRB- either single notes or chords -RRB- from it.I expected that for under $ 40. , I would have to tune and re-tune it . What I had no cause to expect was that it was physically impossible to tune it correctly in the first place . According to Dean 's `` Armadillo Customer Service Manager , '' Brad Mader who responded to some comments he saw about this and sent me a personal email , `` Unfortunately due to the size of the guitar & price point , the guitar has to be tuned that way.If you need an acoustic for standard tuning , I would suggest a full size acoustic , something from our Exotic line will work Just fine . `` I did n't expect a quality instrument for this little - I am not a fool - But from a company with the reputation and product line of Dean Guitars , I did expect a tunable and playable beginning guitar . The JTJ is simply neither.As other reviewers have suggested , spend $ 100 . or so and get a reasonable sound and better designed and built guitar . Nothing is more discouraging to any beginning player of any age than an instrument that is simply not designed or built to sound right in the first place .
 It arived safely -LRB- packed so well it would probably survive a plane crash -RRB- but the strings were very coroded . The tuners are decent -LRB- for a very inexpensive guitar -RRB- but once tuned all cords sounded off key . Not playable if you can hear . However if deaf it might be quite fun . The plastic fingerboard , painted binding , and plastic bridge are disapointing , but when this guitar makes it to my chop shop , the bridge pins and tuners might be usefull on another gutar . If you buy it for a child , you wo n't have to wory about teaching them how to tune . It will make little difference .
 I bought this guitar for my little girl knowing it was a low end instrument . I do not have a complaint about the materials or fit/finish . I knew what I was getting . The problem I have with this guitar is that the fret calculations used were off , so that the guitar does not fret accurately . For example , I can tune it up , and it holds a tune for a while . If I fret a D on the B string , it is not a D . This makes the instrument o.k. for play time , but not very good for learning basics of guitar .
 Dean makes some very good budget guitars . This is not one of them . The fret ends are sharp , and the intonation is bad . The action is a mile high . NOT a good instrument for a young beginner -- spend more on another instrument .
 This is a toy guitar built with real guitar parts . It can not be properly tuned since it 's not made to be played . It is great for kids that want to look cool and make some noise . Tone deaf kids and adults will love it for its cool looks .
 I ordered a set of these and another set from a different seller on amazon . The other set is perfect in size and quality while these , apart from being short , are very poorly made . They are so rough , I do n't even feel like picking them . I wish I had ordered more of the trophy -LRB- i think that was the name -RRB- rhythm sticks .
 hard to set up bad to instal dosnt work with anything else but torq dosnt work with ableton dont buy it
 Not sure if I could recommend this people , even if on sale . That being said , this unit retails for $ 100.00 . I would never have purchased this thing for $ 100.00 . The crossfader seems loose . I 'm not sure if that is intentional or just my unit .
 this product is not for parties !! you can only use it at home because if you use it for parties , you 'll be embarrassed !! i bought it for $ 35 , i got it and once i did , i started playing with it ! u actually would n't be able to use the buttons on the mix to play with music and sounds because they would n't work at all , so you have to use the one on the screen to play with the sounds and whatever !! i say for this product is only to practice at home not to go and use it for parties !!!
 If you ARE NOT serious about playing the Soprano sax , or your child wants to learn how to play , this will be perfect for them . Otherwise , the intermediate or professional player should STAY AWAY . This horn 's tone quality is horrible . Maybe I should have tried a different mouthpiece . Maybe I would have gotten a better tone out of this . I ca n't even use this as a back up . it really does sound rather bad in my opinion . But ... YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR !
 I 've had two of the Planet Waves S.O.S. Bass Guitar Tuners . I got them cheaper somewhere else -LRB- an online music retailer -RRB- . They do n't work . Do n't waste your money.The first one I got arrived safe and sound . The tuner works by pulsing two small LEDs . You shine the LEDs on the string at the 12th fret and when the string vibrates at the same frequency as the LEDs -LRB- and the lights stop pulsing -RRB- , you 're in tune . Sounds easy enough . Well , the first one arrived and only pulsed on the `` B '' setting . None of the other setting pulsed . So I changed the battery -LRB- which by the way cost almost as much as I paid for the tuner -RRB- . Still nothing . So I sent it back to the retailer and they sent me a replacement.The second unit arrived and I had high hopes that it would work . No such luck . When I turned it on , only one LED was lit . One was out . So I changed the battery and turned it on and still only one LED . So I tapped it gently and the other LED lit up . But it would not pulse on any setting.The bottom line is that these things do n't work . They 're cheap . But that 's about all I can say about them . They are useless for actually tuning anything . I definitely can not recommend these to anyone . If you 're lucky enough to get one that actually works , good luck . But I 've had two of them that did n't work . I can only conclude that they 're not worth the money you pay for them . The two I had did n't work at all out of the box . That does n't give me a good feeling about the product . I will not buy anymore of these tuners.I have other products by Planet Waves that work as intended . This review is not about trashing the company , only the S.O.S. Bass Guitar Tuner .
 I purchased this with my bass guitar . It worked for one tuning ... maybe . I could n't visualize what was `` tuned '' and what was n't because the strobe is different depending how long the string has vibrated . Asked a pro in the music store to give it a try and they could n't figure it out either . They said there was too many factors to get a good tuning with this product . I am returning it . I purchased a Korg - Chromatic Solo Tuner and am very happy with it .
 Bought this flute case 14 months ago . The way the handle is designed causes it to rip the cover . I wo n't buy another like this one .
 Amazon says the strap I ordered is in stock , and after waiting over a week I contacted the company and they have none in stock and do n't know when they might get some .
 I played trombone for many years and I was ecstatic when my son said he wanted to play the trumpet . I was even happier when a friend said we could borrow her son 's old trumpet to see if my son likes playing trumpet before we buy one . I saw this kit here on Amazon and thought it was a bargain . A cork for the spit valve , springs in case the valves needed new springs , wire to replace the spit valve wire if needed , pads for the valves , valve oil , tuning slide grease , mouthpiece brush , polishing cloths , a cleaning rod , plus cleaning supplies . There were a couple of other things that , as a trombonist and not a trumpet player , I can not identify.I was disappointed with the snake . How can you mess up a snake ? The snake is metal . The trumpet is metal . When I was cleaning the trumpet , metal was rubbing up against metal - not a pretty sound and I 'm sure it was not healthy for the trumpet . I stopped using it . The snake that I use for my trombone -LRB- sold by Yamaha and available here on Amazon - here is the trumpet version : Yamaha Trumpet/Cornet Maintenance Kit -RRB- is plastic coated - see the picture - black , not silver - so you do n't rub metal onto metal . I 'm either going to have to cover the snake with electrical tape , or just buy another snake so I get a snake that is coated with plastic so I do n't scratch the heck out of the inside of the trumpet . A scratched up interior of the instrument will affect sound . My trombone snake is too big for the trumpet , so it will not work.Of course when my friend gave me the trumpet , it was a Getzen - it has those unusual spit valves that do n't use cork , but the 9mm cork this kit came with fit my trombone perfectly . -LRB- If you need the cork , search Amazon for `` water valve cork '' -RRB- The wire from the spit valve looks exactly like the one on my trombone , so it may come in handy if/when I need to replace that . It is already coiled , unlike in some other kits.The valve oil and the tuning slide grease seem to work okay.Giving it two stars since I will use parts of the kit on my trombone , and the valve oil and tuning slide grease do work , but I bought it for my son 's trumpet , and I 'm going to have to either invest in another snakeVentura Coiled Trumpet Snake , or waste a bunch of electrical tape on this one to protect the trumpet.The lack of quality of the snake surprised me , especially since it is a Bach Stradivarius repair/maintenance kit and that is a good name brand .
 I purchased the oboe case from Music 123 . After submitting the order I was notified it was back ordered . 3 weeks later it arrived . The compartments in the case are too small for the intermdiate level Fox oboe . They are not even close . Returning the case to Music 123 proved difficult due their poor customer service - 3 phone calls to process the return - 40 minutes wait time .
 this interface was working fine with the midi i have recorded with my microkorg . however , when i try to record an audio track with my keyboard plugged in as an instrument input , it will not record audio . i have tried many different ways of getting it to read audio from my keyboard , and i have not been able to do it . the midi is great . the audio just doesnt read.if anyone else has had this issue , or has any information on how to fix this problem , please add a comment.i have also called avid and protools about this , and aside from them being extremely hard to get ahold of , with case numbers and continuous emails they have sent me when i have missed a call , they also were not able to help me record an audio track of my microkorg to the daws i use , which are logic , garageband , and protools.hopefully i can figure something out , or i am doing something wrong .
 OK SO YOU WOULD THINK IT DOES EVERYTHING SPECIFIED IN THE COMPANY DESCRIPTON.NO!DOES NOT RECORD AND PLAYBACK AT 96 AT THE SAME TIME!I WANT MY FREAKING COINS BACK , LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOZERS!NO GET IF TRYING TO RECORD AT 96 . THANK ME LATER LANDSTOPFLOW .
 Great performance , never had an audio related problem , unless I put the computer into hibernate/sleep mode . In M-Audio 's own fine print , which I had to search for , they say the device is NOT GUARANTEED TO WORK if you put your computer into hibernation/sleep . Your computer will not recognize it when you turn it back on.Then you have to fully restart your computer in order to hear sound ... VERY ANNOYING.I 've witnessed this behaviour on Mac 's and PC 's .
 Does its job but there 's a couple of problems that I encountered .1 . When Windows Vista came out , I could n't use this product for over 3 months ! M-Audio 's engineering team could n't get a driver out in time for Vista . Makes me think twice about getting another M-Audio product .2 . One of the Mic Inputs failed to work after 1 year . Did n't feel like going through the hassle of getting warranty -LRB- not even sure how long the warranty is -RRB- .
 On a 2.2 G Quad Core AMD CPU with 3gigs or RAM I found it impossible achieve any recording that did not have severequality issues . Attempted to adjust latency but to no avail . Perhaps it is a Windows Vista compatibility issue.A clue is that the unit does not include driver for Windows Vista . I had to download them via M-Audio 's website .
 This thing works about 30 % of the time I turn it on . I get static all day with this thing . No way i can mix like that.M-audio 's support does n't help either . Its like talking to a tree.I waited months for an updated driver , and then still the updated driver made my issue worse.I 've also bought a midi controller from them . Same issues.I 'm not giving them anymore money . I 'm not saying you should or should n't , just be very very careful and think twice .
 Very disappointed with this one . I own the Firewire Solo , but needed something as a DJ interface with the ability to cue songs . Downloaded the latest driver from their site to go along with my Intel Mac -LRB- Leopard -RRB- and experienced all sorts of issues . Scrapped that driver and decided to go with the one in the box which did n't even read the preamp correctly and set it up as a 0 in/2 out . Scrapped that driver and downloaded the driver that was one version earlier than the latest , just to see . More problems . If you 're not going to build something that actually works , just do n't put it out until you 've got it fixed . This will make it hard for me to trust M-Audio with anything else for the future .
 The fast track pro set up easily , but performed horribly with Adobe Audition 2.0 , on an XP professional SP2 system that greatly exceeded m-audio 's requirements . I took a lot of time to tweak buffer and CPU settings , but the interface generated clicks and pops during recording and playback -LRB- which did not wind up on tape -RRB- and occasionally dropped out completely during recording , only to fade back in slowly in a few seconds -LRB- this did affect the recording -RRB- . My searches for support through m-audio forums or online literature came up empty . The package included the barest of setup guides , and no type of manual or user 's guide . I did not call tech support , because it was a weekend.The connections felt a little bit loose and flimsy . The headphone amp was noisy.It comes with Ableton 's Live Lite and Pro Tools M-powered . I never got to use the Pro Tools because it would not recognize the Fast Track Pro , even after a proper installation -LRB- when Pro Tools does not detect compliant hardware , it simply closes -RRB- . I returned the interface and bought an M-Box mini for $ 100 more . It sounds perfect and performs very well , and comes with Pro Tools LE 7 , which is a great program . The Mini has one XLR input , no MIDI input , and no S/PDIF docks , so it is less fully featured than the Fast Track Pro , but sounds much better , and , you know , actually works .
 It does n't come with a power supply so that 's another 30 bucks right there . Sheesh . So frustrating now having to wait another week for the power supply to arrive . Should have been included .
 I 'm a songwriter that demos songs for other artists . I bought the Fast Track Pro in 2008 . It worked great for the simple things that I needed it to do , however , after having it for a while I began to hear a slight sound issue . It sounded a little distorted . `` Crinkly '' if you will ... I 'm not sure if it 's the inputs or the outputs . I was a complete beginner to recording & this was my 1st ever purchase of an audio interface , so it 's pretty bad that even I could hear how bad it sounded with no experience . Over time that sound has gotten worse ! I 'm far past my warranty now . I thought I 'd give it time to break in , but now I wish I could send it back . I 'll most likely be switching to another interface . The Fast Track Pro was very easy to set up & use , which makes me mad because I love using it . I just do n't love how it sounds . I know that you get what you pay for , but I do n't even think this thing is worth it 's current price.SummaryPros
 If you have any of the inputs enabled at the same time as output , it ca n't be configured to run at 24-bit/96kHz quality . The same goes for using both outputs , as one would in a DJ configuration . You 're limited to half of that -- 48kHz , barely better than CD sound -- when in `` full duplex '' . M-Audio has acknowledged this on their forums . The reason for this poor design is that they skimped and used USB 1.1 instead of the more-modern USB 2.0 or 3.0 . Of course , I did n't realize this until I got it home and started configuring it . It says 24/96 right there in the specs , and I never saw mention of this in the numerous reviews I read before purchasing.It also causes my studio monitors to pop when I turn the interface -LRB- or my computer -RRB- on or off . That 's simply unacceptable . This is a behavior not even displayed by cheap on-board sound , much less any other quality prosumer interface that I 've worked with.This is misleading advertising and poor quality on M-Audio 's part , and I 'll be returning this immediately . Cheap design and execution like this makes me ashamed to own any other M-Audio gear.I give it two stars only because it 's basically functional , despite being fundamentally flawed . An undemanding bedroom producer can get by with the Fast Track pro , but , at this price point , they should n't have to .
 I attempted to use with an XP upto date HP laptop . There is minimal directions for use , but I followed them . Loaded disc slected install , received message my version of windows is not supported . Went to web site downloaded the specific drivers for XP service pak 3 , installed them still no luck . My system does not recogniaze the device when I plug it in , maybe my usb does not have enough juice , There is a jack on the back for a wallwort but the plug is not a standard size and will not accept any that I have available.I can only find M-Audio power supply 's for firewire series . I do n't want to throw another $ 25 away to M-audio when the item is not listed for USB series . I will try to return this but I 'm certainly out the shipping costs
 At first glance I thought this was the perfect solution for my Mac Pro -- a nice little USB recording interface with SPDIF in/out and simple interface . I was completely wrong.The drivers for this device are the worst I have ever had the displeasure to install . Under OS X 10.5.4 the SPDIF in simply does not work AT ALL . No config options are available to any software program or even at the OS level . M-Audio forums are flooded with issues and the device simply does n't work as advertised.M-Audio , shame on you for releasing such a crappy product and ignoring your users .
 I play several instruments and I 'm also a laptop DJ . I 'm not stupid . I first jumped into the world of DAW 's -LRB- and interfaces -RRB- last year , and in that time I have learned a LOT , and have played around with a lot of gear . I mostly use ableton but have used Pro-Tools , Fruity Loops , Cubase and Acid . This is the first big piece of equipment I bought , and I have to say that this thing is a piece of junk and I am OUTRAGED that I spent this much money on it because it simply does not work . When I first got into this lifestyle I assumed I just did n't know what I was doing and there was a logical explanation - now as an intermediate laptop musician I know what that is . This piece of equipment SUCKS . My friend has a cheapo interface that is super easy to use and I 'm embarassed that I wasted my money on this stupid thing . M-Audio is a notoriously terrible company , please do your research and trust the ratings here because I really sincerely do not want you to make the same mistakes . Sure it probably works well for some people , but really its just a gamble . I think they make unpredictable gear . I had a PC from 2007 , windows 32 , vista . On my system there were major latency problems and sometimes the signal would just cut out . By that I mean that my computer would all of a sudden not recognize the M-Audio interface so I would lose the input signal - as a musician you can only imagine how frustrating this is . Living in the constant fear that the awesome solo you are recording is going to cut out at any minute . More often the output would disappear . I assumed it was my stupid PC but recently I got a macbook pro 2012 , and I have the same problem with it . I have given up on this piece of junk . I hate this company . They have terrible customer service and they make you PAY to get their help .
 This device worked find on my Mac , but I was unable to get it to work on a clean install of Windows 7 x64.After wasting several days and reading their tech forums about it , I gave up.The installer refused to install it . It starts and then says it encountered an error.I 'd be careful if I were planning to use this on Windows . If you have a Mac you may be OK.However , the manufacturer notes that there may be some issues if plugged into a USB 3 port . So if you have a brand-new Mac with only USB 3 , you may have some audio issues . Read the support forums about this before making a purchase .
 I 've used the Fast Track Pro for about 9 months now , and I 'm finally ready to give it up altogether for a more stable portable unit . My complaints have nothing to do with drivers -- never a problem there . Rather , the performance -LRB- or the non-performance -RRB- of the unit is the issue . I had to return my first Fast Track Pro due to an unexplained playback issue
 I bought this , waited almost a week for it , and it 's not compatible with Windows 7 so that was a big let-down . It did n't say what it WAS compatible with here on the site , so I did n't know . And I 'm a guy who 's just trying to start a small home recording studio . Now I have to return it and go through more trouble . Once again it was n't stated what systems it was compatible with . So for those who do n't know and are trying to find out , it 's compatible with Windows XP , Vista , and Mac .
 I purchased this for my son for Christmas 2007 . The box was missing two software programs , GT Player Express and Pro Sessions . The box had a sticker on the outside indicating that these were included . The manufacturer must have decided to stop giving these away . Amazon still lists GT Player Express as included . We requested a replacement in January and received an identical package -LRB- in March !! -RRB- with the same problem . We 've returned both orders and had to hassle Amazon for our refund .
 They advertised it as if it comes with some good audio editing software . It does n't , unless you count demo 's of Ableton -LRB- Blah -RRB- . I expected Pro-Tools , and got Ableton . Ableton , by the way would have been junk , even if it had n't been a demo . I got a pro-tools demo that does n't work with my OS -LRB- Win7 -RRB- . If I was n't so lazy , I 'd have sent it back . If anyone wants to buy it for $ 10 off the price , if you have audio editing stuff to work with it , it 's probably perfect . I would n't know yet , cause I 've had it for 2 months , and still have never been able to use it . The hardware works with Win & but you have to get the drivers off the net . The ones on the disk are n't any good .
 This thing outputs a horrible hi pitched buzzing noises for me whenever my cpu is under heavy use . Tech support gave me beta drivers that blue screened my machine . Taking it back .
 I 'll be brief , rather than repeat what others have said
 i 'm computer literate . not a pro , but i 'm in my 30 's and been using the internet since it was invented by Al Gore ; -RRB- i can not get this to work.i 've done all the updates and spent countless hours on M-Audio 's message boards and FAQ 's trying to get this to work - nothing . but please do n't take my word for it - go to M-Audio > community > user forums > USB audio series and look for yourself . i would recommend to M-Audio if they have a product with this much trouble maybe you should discontinue it and start over again . you seem like a good company that made a bad product and wo n't let go of it.i 've had mine for over a year and have not once been fortunate enough to use it . very sad - i just want to make music with my guitar on my PC .
 1st Bad review of all time . M-audio tech line said this would work with Mac leapard . Bought it and they said it does n't yet when I called tech support because the drivers would not work . They then released drivers and they do not work . M-audio tech support said sorry maybe in 6 months well be able to fix it . There sales department is misinformed and their tech department is not knowledgable whatsoever about MACs . The product does work on my PC but the included software is worthless .
 I 'm the kind of person who really values user reviews when deciding what to buy . While you can expect to find some -LRB- near - -RRB- glowing reviews strategically placed by the company themselves across the web , when you come to a place like amazon , you 're almost sure to find an overwhelming number of real reviews in contrast to the frauds.I made a mistake when buying the FTP and that mistake was putting price before quality . Now , I 'm not suggesting that it 's always better to spend a little more money , but I am suggesting that when the reviews show a fairly wide gap and the price is n't so much different , it 's almost always better to go with the more beloved product.The FTP does n't totally suck . In fact , it works ok when it works at all . It 's just great for outputting audio . And that 's got to count for two stars.What it does n't do well is record audio . If you want to buy a device that will allow you to fool the world into thinking you recorded in a studio with mega equipment , THIS WILL NEVER BE THE RIGHT DEVICE FOR YOU!Maybe you 've heard of the signal-to-noise ratio , which marks the difference between the highest -LRB- non-clipped -RRB- audio signal and the sheet of white noise at some lower volume . No manufacturer gives the right number for this , it 's true , but the FTP is really bad . You can not use any signal below -50 db . It 's mush . Part of you might be thinking , `` I 'll just sing really loud . '' and another part might be thinking `` I 'll just use a noise gate . '' but those parts almost definitely do n't realize that no matter how loud you sing -LRB- or play your instrument -RRB- and no matter how much you gate away , that -LRB- really loud -RRB- noise floor is present throughout your recording . The only way you have to try and minimize it is noise-reduction , and if you know about noise-reduction vsts , you know that they really do n't sound that great . As they take out the noise , they also take out some of the essence of your recording -- essence that was overcast by the noise floor to begin with.Another thing you might want to consider is that you 'll almost never have a difference of 50db between your signal and the noise
 I used this mainly in a recording studio.i had this thing since it was first released around dec 05 . the drivers on the cd would n't install and seemed alpha quality . since then , new drivers released 3 months later , and none since then . first , BEWARE , if your FTP is on WindowsXP , and is plugged into a USB port that does n't share IRQs well , you 'll have a lot of bluescreen , or audio will stop working , etc. . . it wont be solid . this was confirmed by talking with m-audio tech support . also searching the net it appears the USB IRQ thing in Windows is a well known problem . and we all thought USB was plug and play ? i was floored . . so ... after i fixed this conflict -LRB- I plugged the USB into a different USB jack who 's IRQ was n't shared by any others -RRB- , no more crashing/hanging , but occasionally the audio would quit working in windows and i 'd have to reboot , maybe every 3-7 days . recently cleaned off some trojan/virus/malware on the system , and the audio _ seemed _ to become solid for the last couple weeks straight -LRB- so maybe it was just malware causing the issue , or maybe that 3-7 day estimate really is 3-14 ... hmmm -RRB- ... anyway , i 've uninstalled the device already as I got tired of it as you can imagine.that said , assuming you will get this device solidly working -LRB- and many people have told me they have , so maybe it 's ok -RRB- , here 's what 's _ not _ cool about this little device
 I do n't write a lot of reviews , but this thing is such a pain and M-Audio are so obtuse that I had to write one . I knew that the Vista drivers were in beta when I bought it , but I figured that would not last long . Well , the last update was in June of 07 and they will not give a clue as to when the official driver will be out . The beta drivers suck and I have had nothing but glitches and problems . The hardware is all plastic and OK for the price , but without proper software it 's almost useless . I just ordered a Firebox , hooked it up in 5 min and it works 10x better . If you 're running XP this might not be an issue , but the truth is the $ 100 more for a firebox is worth every penny . M-audio and Mackie are both dropping the ball on software support lately and it 's going to cost them in the long run . The forums are full of people telling them that , but not a lot of results yet . We all hate Vista , but that 's life . Get your drivers up to date .
 Software seems sketchy . Sometimes it works . Sometimes it does n't . Very unreliable . Every time I run it , it has some type of issue . I wish I would never have purchased it .
 This thing is a total piece . Wanting only to be able to record , with a microphone , onto my computer , I purchased the M-Audio Fast Track . The drivers did not install properly , I had to buy a cord THAT THEY DID NOT INCLUDE , and when the cord finally arrived , the interface still did not work . This thing is a total waste of money and a complete piece of garbage.Avoid at all costs !
 The m-audio FTP seems like a great tool to have , and I 'm sure it would have worked amazing , except it came broken . The FTP did not work . This was an impulse buy . I should have not bought m-audio . They are renowned for the bad quality and short product life .
 Had this unit for a week . The first day it was installed I received a DRIVER_POWER_STATE_FAILURE blue screen of death -LRB- BSOD -RRB- . I experienced random BSOD every day until the driver was uninstalled . My machine
 First of all , search the forums on the M-Audio site and read up on the many problems people have with this box . It CAN work well - but it is very fickle.First off , it does not use the built-in CoreAudio drivers on the Mac , so it requires its own drivers , unlike many of its competitors in this price range . The M-Audio drivers for Leopard are beta , and have been beta for a long time . That said , I was able to use the audio inputs and outputs just fine . However , keep in mind that 4x4 is deceiving . Not all inputs and outputs can be used simultaneously , but rather only in certain combinations . Check the docs before buying.Second , it is fickle about which USB port you plug it into . M-Audio actually tells you to use only a certain port on a Macbook or Macbook Pro . I have never had this issue with other USB audio devices.Third , when I tried to use this box for MIDI sequencing , it would generate random note ON events , an any port , with any USB cable , with any MIDI cable , with any software . I was sequencing from a Mac , to a PC . The MIDI card in the PC was an M-Audio Delta 2496 . I verified the random events using MIDI OX on the PC , and MIDI Monitor on the Mac . In Midi Monitor the data was clean . But on the PC side MIDI OX showed the random events . I could not sequence with this box , period.This happened on two units in a row . One I could understand . Two is unforgivable . I did n't try for a third . I have a cheap USB MIDI adapter from TurtleBeach that works flawlessly every time . It was only $ 29.M-Audio claims that the MIDI portion of the Fast Track Pro uses the Mac 's built-in MIDI drivers . My TurtleBeach adapter also uses the Mac 's built-in MIDI drivers . I say this only because one might suspect that my Mac is to blame . I seriously doubt it . The audio in and out on the FTP worked perfectly for me . The MIDI on the TurtleBeach also worked perfectly . Every other USB device I own works perfectly on the Mac , including several audio devices.The fact that I was unable to successfully feed MIDI data from one M-Audio product to another M-Audio product does not speak well for M-Audio 's quality control.This problem forced me to switch brands , and give up on the FTP . Too bad .
 ohkay . so i bought this thinking it used a USB 2.0 port . IT DOESNT . i was trying to record one day all was going well , i herd my self in the monitors it sounded amazinggg ... but then i pulled up a beat i had made and proceeded to record vocals . . well NO PLAY BACK . the usb 1.0 can not SEND AND RECEIVE ... data or what have you . . idk the techs . . but basically you can NOT record and hear your beat through the interface . . kinda sucky ... cuz then you would have to use you lame computer port . for your headphones . . im returning mine and getting the fast track ultra . 2.0 .
 I ordered this case as a replacement for a school instrument . It did not fit at all , not even close ! My daughter thinks the designer has never even seen a bassoon ! It 's a real shame because I like the canvas outer shell and the zip pocket on the side , but you ca n't use this for a bassoon . There 's no protection for the whisper key and no allowance for the ring for the seat strap .
 This case looks really nice and crisp , but the inside is n't laid out very well . The padding on the top of the case is too thick and it presses the keys when you try to close the lid . I was n't going to force it closed . Everything sits in the case upside down if you use the backpack straps , which were really uncomfortable . The plastic part that clips after you loop it through the case was digging into my back . The case was empty and it really hurt . I ca n't imagine if my bassoon had been in it . I would n't reccomend this case . Only if you could somehow have the padding on the inside reduced and only use the hand and shoulder straps .
 After a lengthy search for a quality digital piano for myself to leisurely play and for my childrens piano classes , My wife and I settled on the YPG625 . The setup was easy and 1 hour after unwrapping we were playing.The sound was great and the feel of the keys was excellent.Then it became a mess . 3 days after receiving it the screen turned white and quit working . -LRB- the keys still made notes when pressed -RRB- I called Yamaha and requested to have another one shipped but they refused , instead wanting me to take to the nearset authorized retailer to be fixed . The retailer was 65 miles away and with our work schedule and the store hours this was not feasible.I decided to keep the piano at home for the kids lessons until I could get Yamaha to send a replacement and I could return the original.Within a week the whole piano quit working if left on for more than 15 minutes . After unplugging it and let it cool down , it would start working again -LRB- the screen still was not functioning -RRB- , but each time the duration is getting shorter.I am now awaiting an return authorization from Yamaha to ship it to them for repair . They will not swap out for a new one and they expect that I will be without a piano for 4 weeks . In this time i will lose about $ 200 for prepaid music lessons that I have no piano to teach or learn on.In short this as been the biggest dissapointment of all my Amazon purchases and I can not recomend Yamaha for any purchase.The product has had two major quality problems within 2 weeks and Yamaha 's customer service is not willing to work with the customers needs .
 I purchased this budget priced preamp on the glowing recommendations and reviews here and on other sites . However , as a preamp , it functions worse than even the cheapest preamps found on any basic interface or mixer board . Further , the device generates a low level static/crackling/popping sound that is very low but enough to dirty your recordings ruining any type of clean vocal/guitar takes you 'd get with it . I tried many different types of cables , power outlets , and power conditioners , and found the low level static/buzzing to be present in any condition.As a preamp for a distorted guitar signal , it may work alright , but the noise the Art TubeMP generates makes it completely unusable for any type of clean recording situation.There are times when the phrase `` you get what you pay for '' really rings true , and this is it . If you are in a position where you even need a preamp , do yourself a favor and invest a little more into a piece of equipment that is vital to getting a good sound out of your mics and instruments.I have since returned the device and gotten a refund .
 It 's good preamp , it really boosted my signal , which is what I wanted it to do , but it recorded such a loud hum that my recordings were useless .
 UPDATED 2-STAR REVIEW : Everything I wrote about ART Tube MP -LRB- below -RRB- is true . Unfortunately , they have n't stood the test of time . The two I bought have both fallen prey to overheating-related solid-state component failure whereas the Behringer Ultragain MIC-100 units I 've been using much longer in another location are still going strong . The Behringers , for a little more money , have a bit larger cases and power supplies ... apparently allowing them to run cooler and longer . I 've now replaced the deceased ART Tube MPs with additional Behringer Ultragain MIC-100s . I 'm sorry if I misled anyone into making a suboptimal purchase!ORIGINAL 5-STAR REVIEW : If one desires an easy way to experience the audio advantages of vacuum tubes in the playback chain without the associated cost and heat disadvantages of too many tubes , one can place a vacuum tube buffer stage between one 's digital program source -LRB- especially streaming audio , MP3 , or lossless audio files -RRB- and one 's preamplifier . The `` gold standard '' for doing so in an affordable manner is the Musical Fidelity Tube Buffer . Unfortunately , this product is very hard to come by . What to do?If one purchases two ART Tube MP preamplifiers ... each costing little more than the replacement cost of the vacuum tube it contains ... and four 1/4 '' male phono to female RCA connectors , one can create a budget tube buffer stage . The trick to making it sound good is to adjust it so it does n't add volume to the final output . Unity gain . One can effectively approximate the `` no add '' setting by ear.Why bother ? The strident `` grain '' associated with computer audio files is smoothed . Voices seem to come forward in the mix . And , for whatever electrical and psycho-acoustical reasons , the final sound seems just a bit more natural.I use two ART Tube MPs as a buffer stage between a Behringer U-Control UCA-202 DAC and a Behringer Eurorack UB-502 mixer to provide state-of-the-art amplification for my Vic Firth isolation headphones . The resulting sound is absolutely top-drawer and completely belies the bargain price I paid for these components.Enjoy .
 I like the warmth that the preamp adds , but the 60hz hum at any setting is excessive . Yes , I tried changing cables , checked and rechecked connections . If you 're thinking maybe I got a defective one , well , possibly . If that 's so then the my 2-star rating goes towards poor quality control .
 I really wanted to like the ART Tube MP Studio , but I 'm giving it a resounding `` meh . '' That said , the reviews for this product vary so much that it 's probably worth reading a little further.My interest is in boosting the gain from some vocal mics I 'm using for sound reinforcement with an acoustic band . I 'm not interested in professional recording or driving the tube into a guitar amp . I was hoping that the ART Tube MP Studio -LRB- which is billed here as a mic pre -RRB- would give me a hotter signal without adding a lot of noise.First impression
 I bought some flat piano pickup mic 's and attached then to the underside of our church piano . I installed this preamp to them and ekkk the noise coming from the mic 's was terrible . I did everything I could to clean up the sound but to no avail . I finally just had to remove this preamp from the system and there it sits till it goes on Ebay as I have no use for it .
 I have discovered -LRB- after testing this with at least 4 different microphones -RRB- that my unit seems to have ground loop issues . Whenever I 'm recording to a recorder -LRB- i.e. , to the mic input on my Canon Rebel T2i or into a mic adapter into my iPhone -RRB- , I hear an obnoxious little electric hum in the background of all my audio . I lose this issue when I send the 3.5 mm cable to a computer , but I do n't want to always have it hooked up this way . Unfortunately , it just did n't work for me .
 After about 3 moths into owning , it stopped powering on all together . The AC adapter seems OK when testing with other devices . No lights , sound - nothing . A quick cruise through various forums and it looks like these cheaper ART units are rife with issues . So just know that you get what you pay for in this instance.So , it 's back for RMA .
 Nice looking little Preamp , but first it had crackling noises , ao I sent it back for repairs.It came back and worked for a few minutes ; then suddenly developed a loud hum . I gave up and junked it .
 looks good . feels good but it is a hummer on sensitive electronics . tried using it with a heil mic on a icom ic2820h and it is not good . for the price i tossed it and will buy a solid state unit that runs on DC only . no AC no hum . to bad it want a hummer . those are good
 i know in a low price product ... if you just want that `` dirty vintage noise '' of analog machines you can use it for thatit ` s no good enough for make a decent recording ...
 I found The `` ART Tube MP Studio Mic Preamp '' by searching on Amazon for `` microphone preamp . '' The unit appears to be reasonably well constructed , but thus far it is useless to me because it does not have enough gain for the mics I am using -- e.g. , The Audio Technica ATR1100 . Connecting the ATR1100 to the phone jack via a mini adapter and speaking loudly into the mic , I barely move the meter . Of course I am using the high gain position on the ART and have the level at the max . My impression is that this is basically a line-stage preamp masquerading as a microphone preamp . Of course it is also possible that the ART Preamp I received is defective . So I am left with a dilemma
 Sorry , ca n't use it ... i did buy two of these and both are just too noisy . I replaced them with a Golden Age Pre-73 and it was night and day as far as noise levels . The Golden Age is silent.Can ' t say it 's worth even using it for any purpose really . I also bought the Rolls and it was quicker .
 if you can find it for less than 35 dollars , think of it as an interesting toy or experiment boxto do the folloiwng ... stick in your geetar , synths , bass , etc. . . or any line level source ... . most DYNAMIC mics and a few cheap Ribbon mics , get some boost ... NOT recommended for most all condenser mics ... yes , you will get CONSTANT hissing sound ... making the s/n appear tobe around 60-70dB ... or so ... butyou do get a CHANGE in sound character ... sometimes , good , sometimes not.depends on mic or input.sothats what it is.maybe have a bit of fun with it.most mics , even if you record the results ... with and withoutthis box , , , u will hardly be able to discern the diffference for most of youexcept for Definite addition of hissing noise ... due to bad passive parts anddesign mostly ... butit can be fun.see u.
 Reviews I found online suggested that these units were prone to hum , and yes this one did . I returned it and bought the ART Tube MP Project instead .
 Unfortunately , not only was the baton not the one pictured -LRB- the one I received has a pear-shaped handle -RRB- , but mine arrived with a noticeable bow to it .
 You think it looks nice , and it 's cheap , but thats not true . Sure it 's cheap , but it looks nothing like the picture . Its a badly manufactured , MADE IN CHINA , baton . Hopefully you do n't make the mistake that I did .
 This strap does not fit the Deering `` Boston '' model AT ALL . Make & Model types are critical . Typical nice Levy quality , though .
 I bought this soundcard to be used with my Logitech z-2300s . The soundcard offers great features
 I finally received the Cello and I was impressed of the extras that came with it . However . I CAN NOT keep it tuned at all . I keep tuning it like 6 times and it wo n't stay tuned . I 'm putting everything back to the box and I 'm returning this item .
 When I was quoted $ 1,000 locally at two stores for a cello just to begin lessons , I thought I could do better online . I found a cello through Crystal Cello . With any cello you buy , you 're going to pay $ 80 - $ 125 extra for set-up charges -LRB- tuning and setting the sound peg inside ; installing the bridge -RRB- , but I had to spend more like $ 480
 This is for the FBQ3201 unit . I just brought this unit home and found it to be defective out of the box . If I were to put a reasonably hot signal into channel 1 , after a few seconds it the signal will shut off . What is very strange is that if I touch the case body , the signal immediately returns . Does not do this with same signal on channel 2 . I cross checked cables and what not . Have to return unit . I will try one more time .
 I bought it because it had the bonus of a sub woofer out and a lot of other good features for the price . It hissed so loud I took it out of the rack within 30 minutes . I tried TRS cables , XLR and TS , even with the mixing board disconnected , it still hissed . I played with every setting , the only way to quiet it down was to put it in bypass . As soon as I pulled it out of the rack my system was quiet again . They had some good reviews so I do n't know if I got a defective one or not . I am going to return it tomorrow and try another brand . I had a behringer compressor a few years back , it died in the middle of a gig . It was only about a year old and always used with a power conditioner , I thought it was time to forgive and forget , I guess not .
 I 've had 2 and the second one blew up on me . The first developed a thundery noise - must be a dry joint inside . Yes they are very good bits of kit when they work , but the electronics are not well made and will let you down . Both these went within 3 years , not more than 15 gigs each .
 For some reason , I was thinking I could use this as an EQ for my home stereo . Definately not ! The sound quality was horrible . I had to return it .
 I really do n't even use this because the tones do n't sound right . I now use my piano to tune my guitar . The tones sound more like a phone when you hit one of the numbers , then you try to match it to your chord . I did not like it , I gave it to my kids to play with . Not worth 10 $ .
 I ordered three of these , but what Amazon shipped was not the rack vent in this picture . What I received had horizontal vents , not vertical vents , as shown.The vents are of very good quality , but they do not match my other ones .
 I received the Yamaha Baroque Recorder . Other than looking really nice , I could n't tell the difference between the sound it produces and the one I played off of when I was in elementary school -LRB- the plain beige colored Yamaha recorder -RRB- . And I am currently a part time professional musician . . I guess it only looks nicer and Made in Japan ...
 I had purchased one of these recorders before and I 'm very happy with the quality and sound of the instrument I already have , but I was very disappointed with the one I recently purchased from Brook Mays . Although it is the exact same brand and model of the one I already have , there is a serious issue with the construction of the instrument I just purchased . The head-joint is not aligned with the rest of the instrument , making playing awkward and difficult . When comparing both instruments side-by-side , it is apparent that the second instrument was not constructed like the first .
 First off , I 've never ever review any of my purchases on Amazon until this one , that 's how mad I am . This device came without the keys for the drawer . Contacted customer support person at the company several times about it , and received nothing back from them . NOTHING ! I would never buy anything from this company . In fact , I will use it , and then return it just because I 'm mad about how this company handles their customers . Poor customer service and poor assembly . If you buy this , you 're on your own .
 It 's okay for my kids as a toy but it 's off tune.You ca n't really expect to play music with this .
 I was sadly mistakes when I only received one recorder in the mail . The way it is advertised makes you think that you get three , not true ! and you ca n't choose your color . Other than that , it 's a decent recorder .
 The picture made it look like we would get three recorders . Only one came . Just as well , it sounded terrible . My husband tried to hide it from the kids !
 I am a professional musician . This item is not even minimally useable . The low notes below E will barely sound . The instrument is out of tune . Yamaha has agreed to evaluate the instrument . Results pending . Update
 This is a very amateurish recorder , not even suitable for kids . Sounds weak and cheap . Other Yamaha recorders I use play much better . Stay away from this tenor .
 I JUST ORDERS THIS ITEM AND IT , S JUST A VENT PANEL IT , S NOT THE ITEM ON THE PICTURE
 Amazon links this item with the Tascam CD-VT2 as an appropriate power source . Unfortunately it is a 9-volt adapter and the Tascam requires 5-volt . I contacted the Tascam Service Center and they warned me not to use this power supply as it could cause damage to the Tascam unit over time .
 Beware of ordering from Amazon partner vendors . You might be better off going to them directly . When I ordered the power adapter , it was not clear in the Amazon listing which was the correct model number for the digital recorder I also purchased . When I discovered the mismatch upon receiving the merchandise , I had to return the adapter to the 3rd party vendor , and I was not refunded the full purchase amount . : -LRB-
 I purchased the product about 3 days ago . I give it a star for being the fastest shipment I 've ever had . I 'm pretty sure that the strings would have been great if I had the other three strings ! I only recieved three ! I need six to play music ! I 'm very unsatisfied with the product . Maybe next time .
 I am a semi-pro musician . I play a hybrid finger-style using a flat-pick and steel finger picks . My primary guitar is a 1982 Taylor 555 . I found these strings to be utterly disappointing . Dull sounding with a very stiff and unresponsive feel . For `` light '' gauge strings , they required an awful lot of torque to get them up to concert pitch . So much so that it raised the action noticeably . If my Taylor had been strung with these strings when I was shopping for a 12-String , I would have passed this outstanding guitar over .
 I have used these strings on my guitar for years and always very happy with them , but these were terrible . Strings were `` dead '' the second I put them on . Maybe old ... who knows . Went to guitar center , bought the exact same strings and they were fine .
 I have a Gibson B-25-12 . The low G -LRB- string 5 -RRB- of the Marquis 80/20 set that I purchased was too short to reach the tuning peg . Did not have this problem with the previous set of Dean Markley strings . I assumed there is some sort of standard length for these types of strings . What gives ??? Emailed Martin -- no response .
 I put those on Taylor 614CE and they sound aweful compared to Elixirs I had on it before that . Sound is way too bright and shallow - there is no depth I 've grown to love to hear from my Taylor . Not buying those again .
 I have had the chance to read several Thomson Course Technology books in the past and expected the same level of detail that they usually apply to their books to this Video CD Rom , and found it to be a complete disappointment!The CD-Rom starts at an excellent pace being very detailed about the very basic components of reason , but as the videos progresses to the most important sections of the `` training '' the narrator begins to rush over the sections of the CD-Rom giving the impression that they shot this entire video in one sit down and where eager to get it done.Unfortunately they rushed over the most important key features of Reason such as the actual instruments and devices.For example the Subractor Video `` training '' consists of only 12 minutes lol ! That instrument being probably the most complex out of the bunch should of been at least a good 30 minutes to properly explain its many features and maybe throw in an example of how one can design a sound with it.The same thing is applied to the nn19 being at a mere 8 minutes , and the same goes for the other devices.The video is supposedly aimed at both novice and experienced users but the truth is that this video does not bridge the gap . It starts very slow in the first several chapters causing experienced users to want to fast forward and then moves at a faster pace causing novice users to lose the momentum it began with.It moves at such a fast pace in the middle that novice users will probably have to watch the 6 to 12 minute instrument videos over and over to wright down on a paper the terms described and pull out a dictionary . And experienced users will probably not find much here as the only probable new tips and tricks that are mentioned are a few new keyboard shortcuts and 1 or 2 personal tricks that the narrator knows of that are far from a `` Reason Master '' level.My biggest gripe on this book is the misleading title because this CD-Rom is only a slow paced introduction to very basic functions and a fast paced introduction to the various features and devices in reason.I would expect that allot of the basis of this video which he spent the most time on describing should of been left behind to the previous release Rason CSi Starter.Overall , is this worth the 40 bucks ? A
 The photo for this shelf is wrong ! Pictured is a 2U shelf with lip on the front . What arrived is a 1U shelf with no lip.The shelf that arrived is fine for my purposes , but beware if you needed the 2U version .
 These shelves are 10 inches deep , not 10 inches as advertised . This meant I have to take hack saw to the console I was installing them into . I have purchased 4 of these shelves -LRB- in one order or I would have bought more -RRB- and 2 had the rack ears bent when they arrived . However , the metal is so flimsy I couls bend them back with my hands .
 I purchased one of these at the suggestion of a Guitar Center rep when I bought an acoustic guitar -LRB- a super sweet Martin 000CXE Black , best acoustic I 've ever owned or played -RRB- . I was not that psyched about the in store $ 75 price tag but he insisted that it was killer for recording an acoustic guitar and that there was a `` no-questions-asked-lifetime-guarantee '' . Within a couple months the wood housing that covers the plug cracked . BOTH of them . I wrapped a thin strip of black electrical tape around it but within a few more months -LRB- of only studio -RRB- use they both had split . I took it back to Guitar Center and was told that I had to contact Monster . Monster strung me along with emails and phone numbers . On 4 occasions I sat on hold for customer support for over 20 minutes and NEVER ONCE could get an actual human being on the phone.I gave up on it and continued to put duct tape on it until it shorted.When it worked it was sweet , but the wooden housing is it 's Achilles heel . And crappy customer service is Monster 's . I 've had SpectraFlex cables for like 15 years ! Totally awesome and normally priced.Not worth the money .
 These strings were absolutely terrible . When I was installing the strings on my guitar , the string unraveled -LRB- not snapped -RRB- . I have had strings snap on me before , but unraveling shows the product is of poor quality .
 I have played a Martin D-35 for the past forty years and have had Marquis stings on her for most of these years . I do n't change my strings often and actually enjoy the full , bass rich response of an older string . Anyway I decided to restring my guitar with these strings and what a disappointment . The tone was fuzzy and tinney , none of the rich bass sound I was used to -LRB- nothing like the older Martin Marquis sound -RRB- . I waited a bit as stings do &#34; mellow out &#34; ; the strings continued to be fuzzy in sound , they are now in the trash . I tried the Martin SP 7100 / Cleartone in the same gauge and the sound is much , much better ; more percise and full . I hope they will mellow into the tone I love .
 I do n't know if it was a mix-up in shipping or a mix-up in photography , but I ordered this and got just an ordinary press-in trem arm WITHOUT the socket assembly .
 But they 're not too good when you take them out of the box and look at them . The pick you actually get does n't look anywhere near as good as the picture on Amazon . It is a thin sheet of plastic , rather crudely stamped out , grainily printed with a fourth generation carbon copy -LRB- misaligned -RRB- of the picture shown on this page . Unlike the magnificently stained glass jpeg you see , the actual pick looks faded , crude , and cheap.As a pick , it works OK , but not as good as a fender or martin , both of which are shaped and sanded to a fine , tapered finish . It is unashamedly stamped , poorly cut , and crude in the face of the beautiful picture , which looks nothing like the actuality of the pick you get . But just imagine , what if a pick really looked as good as the pick pictured here ? Would n't that be something ?
 I ordered this metronome two Xmases in a row with the clear statement that it was available . Sadly , it was cancelled two years in a row . So , while I admire the idea of this metronome , we never got it .
 First of all , I received a used stand - totally used . It was shipped in the original retail box completely haphazardly with clear tape all over it except for where all the tears and rips were . I open it and it was a complete mess . Paper with some other company 's logo stuffed in to keep it from moving and scratches and scrapes all over the stand and boom poles . Obviously assembled a disassembled numerous times . No instructions . No packing slip and a missing -LRB- very crucial -RRB- screw bolt . That would be the screw bolt that keeps the boom attached to the stand - kind of crucial.I gave this 2 stars because had I received this as new , with instructions and not scratched up , this looks like a nice stand . But my experience is so tainted because I very much need this in 2 days and it 's not going to happen . I 've never been so disappointed by an Amazon delivery - ever .
 I recently orderd the SKB SKB-18RW ATA Roto Acoustic Guitar Case blindly , having never see it before . I ordered it on the strength of SKBs description . From the photos I had seen on the Web , I knew it was a bit ugly but I wanted a case to handle air travel . When it arrived I eagerly opended the box and wrapping , and began my inspection . I was disappointed overall.Yes , it was just as ugly as I had thought . Worse than this though , was the fact that when the case was lying flat , I could depress the top with the palm of my hand with ease a significant way , so much so , that I felt any impact to the top or back would certainly result in a damaged guitar . I am sure that SKB put a lot of effort into designing their products , but I was n't prepared to put my faith in this one !
 We purchased this item when our children began to study violin . It seemed convenient to have a device that combined the tuner function and the metronome function . Initially , the tuner and metronome functions performed as described ; however , very shortly after we started using the device , it began to exhibit a variety of problems . In particular , it would refuse to go on , or when turned on , its display was populated with nonsense -LRB- basically , all of the LCD elements were on at once -RRB- , and you could not put it into either tuner or metronome mode . Inserting fresh batteries might revive it for a few days , but then it would start to fail again . It has only been perhaps six months , and the device now fails to work entirely . Would recommend trying a different brand .
 Maybe I just got a duff one , but mine is far too quiet . It has lots of very useful functions , and tuning to it is fine because you do n't have to hear the note , but when I 'm getting the speeds of pieces for my pupils to play at we can hardly hear the beats and have to do it visually . It is also useless for trying to play along with the beat as it can not be heard enough . Has anyone else found this , or have I just been unlucky ? I 've ordered a Korg and am hoping for more volume !
 I 'd love this if it had n't broke after my second time using it . I replaced it with a `` Tune Tech '' TT-500 and love that one .
 I should have known better . Murphy was at work . It was just over a year after I received my Edirol UM-3ex that I finally had the time to take it out of its packaging and try it out . It did n't work . No signs of life at all . I tried it with four different computers , four different drivers , four different operating systems and got no response at all . The warranty is 3 mo / 1 year . I 'll have to see if I bought it on a credit card with extended protection . The moral to the story is do every thing you can to try out a piece of gear right after you receive it , even if you do n't have time to really get into it . This model is discontinued now . It 's getting harder and harder to find a good mid-level midi interface . The 1-in-1-out midi interfaces are a dime a dozen , and the high end jobs are also available . Its in this multiple-in & out/under $ 100 level that the products are hard to find . It 's a shame this one did n't work .
 The product has an inherent flaw . The screw to tighten the knob becomes loose after a very short while . This keeps making the mike go flip flop - more dangerous for a sensitive mike like a Neumann that I use . Unfortunately Neumann 's original shock mounts are very expensive and the TLM 102 does not come with a shock mount .
 The screws that you use to tight the microphone clips are made in a weird way that you can only tighten the clip in a certain orientation , and it is a pain to mess around with it until you get your desired orientation . The side bars are not that secure.It should cost half the current price if not less for it to be a decent value .
 I bought two of these bars . I have had many problems with them . They are very hard to tighten at an angle - in fact impossible to do without pliers . Also , some mikes can only be attached to certain posts - the knobs at the bottom will not tighten to the bar . I would not recommend this bar.On the other hand , the price was about the same as it would cost me to ship back , and thus I did n't return them.I would recommend using a sturdier stereo bar.Update : After I removed one of the mikes , the side bars have now bent . They are not as thick as the center bar .
 First off , the program ` DPX ' is extremly tempermental - it works most of the time when you turn on computer , and rarely works if if you restart.I 've had E-mu for 3 + years and i put up with it because they had live ; on the phone customer service . Now it 's through a series of frustrating emails . I had sound problem one day . One day you send email , have to wait 24hs , for responce + they ask a question , if you do n't understand their Q ? you have to email again for them to repeat their Q ? . by the way , weekends do n't count . This went on for 4 + weeks , until i gave up . So i went with another system which i 'm very happy with . I wo n't name them so you do n't think this review is from the compitition company . If you do n't believe me , be my guest try them .
 I heartily recommend * against * purchasing these strings.Immediately after putting these on my guitar , I was _ unimpressed _ . The tension seems less than others -LRB- for example : Elixir Light Nanoweb 80/20 Bronze Acoustic Guitar StringsorD ` Addario EJ16-3D Phosphor Bronze Acoustic Guitar Strings , 3 Sets , Light -RRB- , and they rattled as if to agree with what my left hand felt in the tension . To both hands , the strings felt slightly tacky . Played fingerstyle , they sound dull , or muted , especially on the low end . When played with a slide , they sound noisy , as if my left hand muting is n't working all of a sudden.That was just the first day ! I hoped they would improve , but they did not . They continued to sound dull , especially played fingerstyle , as if they were really old . In fact , that 's it , in a nutshell
 Maybe its my acidic and greasy fingers , but after 1 week , the B and E strings were completely brown and crusty . I keep my guitar in a nice hard case when its not in use . They sounded good , for the week that they functioned .
 I 'm gon na have to give this a One-star , because the 1st -LRB- E -RRB- string broke when I put it on and was tuning up the guitar . I have played the guitar for 10 years and hence can say that I was tuning the guitar to the right pitch . The string broke at `` bead-end '' , close to the bead . I 'm probably not buying these strings again .
 Just a fair warning , if you purchase from Shoreline beware ! My strings arrived contained in their Martin box and within a sealed envelope . When I opened the envelope and removed the box , it was already open.The box was open and there were three of the six strings missing from the box.I have ordered strings from Amazon before but never again . I strongly urge any musician out there who thinks it is worth saving ten cents to buy online to just go to a guitar or music shop . To get a package like this only to see that someone clearly stole merchandise from it , and ultimately from me is simply maddening.Martin Acoustic Guitar Strings are the best around , just do n't expect much when ordering from the third party mercena-I mean merchants that Amazon has floating around here .
 Sounded nice , but quite a few snapped on me . Do n't last as long as some other brands I have used .
 Very dissappointed with these strings and will never buy them again . Went to rehearsal last night and found the 6th E string was a dud . Have never in all my years playing had new strings have problems but I did with these .
 I just bought these , strung my guitar with them , went to tune it , the fourth string snapped the first time I turned the peg , the inner and out parts of the string separated , it was unusable . Never again .
 I had purchased one of these over a year ago for my Son . After some months it started leaving black marks all over his guitars that he uses to earn an income with , they are not for pleasure . There was excessive glue used during manufacturing . I contacted the company and was told to return it but I did not want to use grocery money to pay for shipping and asked since Fiskar allowed a photo of my broken post hole diggers valued near $ 100.00 and supplied a replacement for free , would a photo be acceptable and I was told in an email that emailing a photo would be acceptable . I still have all the mentioned emails for proof . I have called or written the CEO of Get 'm Get 'm , who originally answered my complaint , about once a month now for 6 months and have been totally ignored . I have even offered to mail back the velvet part of the strap . So you may want to think twice before investing 40 precious dollars on a guitar strap that may be over-saturated in glue and leaves back sticky residue all over everything . Not fun to get the gunk off your hands either . I even took the strap apart and soaked the velvet part it in a cap full of laundry detergent and it still did not remove the glue . Will never buy a Get 'm strap again .
 The string that I actually needed was missing from the package so I ended up having to pay for this useless package and also buying another pack locally ! Not happy
 I put these strings not even twenty-four hours ago and they have already rusted a bit and lost their tone immensely . They sounded great for the first few hours of playing , but I was disappointed to see their condition upon waking up this morning . I 'm pretty bummed out to say the least .
 Multiple strings broke while trying to tune them , I never got to play them . Stay away from this one , spend a little more on something that will work .
 I purchased these awhile ago , just put them on , the 4th and 6 BOTH broke ! I have restrung my guitar many times . NEVER had this happen.Will not be buying them again .
 The lower strings create a rattling sound as you strike them . I 've never experienced this before with other strings . So I thought these strings are perhaps too soft and hit the frets , but that 's clearly not the case . A musician friend of mine confirmed the same impression . I have to conclude it 's the strings that are rattling . I 'm disappointed .
 Product does n't play multiple tones of s-p-S . Only plays a single tone . The plug point needs an adapter for US outlets .
 This product is a waste of money , it is far more prudent to buy these items in a larger bulk package from Zildjan and just buy a new pedal like a double pedal if you need a more advanced beater !
 This music stand was a great idea . Is n't it just what every musician needs -- a collapsable desktop music stand ? I thought so too , but I could n't get it to open when it arrived . It also did not collapse after getting stuck when I tried to open it . I ordered several of them for use in my classroom but ultimately had to send them all back . So overall , I can not recommend this item . However , I do recommend the Manhasset-53 tabletop music stand , which I ordered as a replacement .
 I bought 2 packs of these guitar strings . I do not know what the deal is , but the high E string broke twice within 6 sessions of playing and the G string broke once . I have never had such fragile flimsy strings . Going to send Gibson a message aobut this .
 Maybe I do n't know how to use a flute , or maybe this is defective , either way , the only sound I get is air . Disappointment for sure as it was intended for the flutist to march before American Revolutionary Soldiers returning from war . I needed something simple as in the 1700 's style -- One review mentioned good sounding instrument , so I bought it . `` When momma ai n't happy ... ''
 I bought this for my Motif ES6 and was very disappointed . Yamaha no longer makes the motif bag which is what I had , so I thought this bag would do the trick , boy was I wrong . Compared to the Yamaha bag I had -LRB- which lasted for 3 years , heavy gigging -RRB- this bag started falling apart as soon as I put it together . 2 of the zipper holders broke off as soon as I put my Motif in the bag and tried to close it up . Not to mention putting th bag together the seems inside the bag ripped very easily since they were made out of cheap nylon . I would not recommend this bag for any synth that is over 15 lbs because it is just not durable enough . I got what I paid for , that for sure .
 Do n't get me wrong , it 's a nice leather strap , but it is a very hard leather with heavy metal pieces on it . The tip of the belt on the strap is covered by a heavy , solid piece of metal which dangles down when wearing the strap on the guitar . My concern is that when I 'm playing , or when I take my guitar off that that heavy strap will bang into my Gibson . The holes cut in the leather were too small for my guitar strap pins on my guitar and it was impossible to fit over , the leather was just way too hard and thick . I had to use a box knife to cut the hole bigger to fit my pins . Even with the bigger holes , it 's very hard to remove the leather from the pins - I 'm sure it will soften with use , but in the meantime , I don want to damage my guitar pickup from having to force this strap on and off each time I want to use it - I always have to remove the strap because I dont want that heavy thing banging around in my guitar case either . This thing seems more suited for a hunting rifle , or something that is a little more heavy duty than say a $ 3000 guitar - I feel nervous with this thing around my guitar to be honest . Once it 's on and you get the feel for it , the worry goes away , but I do n't really like having a guitar strap that I worry will damage my guitar with it 's heavy metal and hard leather.To sum it up
 Although this item shipped quickly , it destroyed one of the string holders as it got stuck on the harp . I had to replace the string , tuning fork , and the item was rendered useless . Poor metal , poor fit , poor quality . I can not recommend .
 I purchased these by mistake ! They are too stiff . Gave them away to another guitar player in the neighborhood . I know that he likes them
 At 1mm these picks feel too thick and stiff . To the touch they feel powdery or dusty for some reason , an unpleasant feel . After a few minutes of playing they make your fingers sweat and become very slippery - unlike any other pick I 've tried . Because of that , after 2 or 3 uses the print on the pick starts smudging . I 'll say though that the sound they generate is very crisp and bright . They are also very durable . But they 're just no fun to use . Celluloid picks are still my favorite . But I have purchased a tortex pick from a band at a concert . It 's unbranded , smaller , has print on both sides and yet exhibits none of the problems that this Dunlop pick has . So the issue is n't the tortex material itself . I suspect it 's something Dunlop does , or most likely does n't do ; some surface treatment at the end that they are skipping on to save money I bet .
 These picks work fine when it comes to strumming and picking the strings of a guitar , and that 's pretty key . Still , I have to give these a two-star , `` I do n't like it '' review based on aesthetics.The black ink used to print the label smudged like newsprint . I played for 10 or 15 minutes and looked - black ink smudged all over . Maybe I 'm just a sweaty guy - okay , I 'm definitely a sweaty guy . Still , the pick looks disgusting and left black ink on my thumb . Jeez .
 I suppose if you want a heavy pick , Tortex might be on the top of your list . However , unless you also want black fingers and lips from the ink of the Tortex logo , I 'd stay away from these .
 I never come the product to my hands . I do not have information of the product , which I spend with the order ?
 I was a little disappointed b/c the product image was misleading . It appears to be a dozen multi-colored picks , but I received all yellow . This is n't that big of a deal and I 'm sure they 'll work just fine , but when buying them for a child , choice of color does matter .
 First of all , these picks are way too noisy for a thin pick . I know this is a matter of preference and according to some of these comments , some reviewers get raging hard ons for this particular pick . These picks are very noisy and slippery for strumming . I personally believe that glossy .50 mm picks are better for strumming , they provide less strumming scratching and less friction . The tortex 's matte texture does not glide well for strumming causing loud percussive noise and less grip stability making them flimsy . Additionally the tortex logo is a cheap ink print that smear off.The tortex logo rubs off on your fingers and leaves a giant smudge on the thumbs . The logo can actually be rubbed off completely w / the thumbs.I usually like Jim Dunlop picks , my favorite being the Dunlop USA Nylon 1mm . At least that pick has an embossed logo and knurled texture for added grip . The edges also get sharpened the more they wear out . If you play bass and guitar , I recommend these . I did buy the blue 1mm tortex but they were only aight . They were better than the .5 mm red ones but not as good as the black textured nylon picks . If your reading this and want a thin picks , get Ernie Ball .5 mm instead . The glossy finish glides smother and quieter w / a nice tone . Bottom line
 These picks slip out of my fingers to easy ... They 're just too smooth I guess . My Dunlop picks are much easier to keep gripped .
 I got these pics about a MONTH after I ordered them . They did include 3 extra pics that I did n't order , but still , 1 month is ridiculous .
 Ink comes off with just a couple minutes of use . When I first saw a used pick I seriously thought it was an old pick I may have had , and tossed it in the trash since I had new ones to try out.When I saw the second pick after some use , and saw the ink all over my fingers . . and could only think of everything I had transferred ink onto including my guitar , the rest went in the trash.I have the stiffer yellow ones and none of them have any ink left , but it comes off much slower so I never noticed an issue . But probably wo n't buy any picks with ink on them in the future.Perhaps the ink can be removed with alcohol or mineral spirits ?
 terrible the design comes off by ur sweat and i didnt like the thinkness of this pick ... also my strings are hard and the pick wears off easy ... DO NOT BUY
 These picks seem to wear gradually ... which for me is a great plus , cause the feel and accuracy tend to get `` tuned '' , for a nice bite ... Wear is more of an advantage , rather than chip - or - crack . Heavy enough to articulate a leading riff , or embellish a chourus ... WELL CHOSEN MAT ` L !!! - sWEEPING NEVER FELT SO RIGHT ... ! Also , I wanted to search for a pick , -LRB- picks -RRB- that had a stormy , depressive color . I needed to request each pick , in the dozen , to be individually gift-wrapped for my child . Upon arrival , all I received was twelve , Sun colored picks in a labeled bag . Billy expected gloom and what he got was inspiration and a product that worked ! - Hey guys WHATS YOUR PROBLEM !?? - K. . .
 I first want to say I agree with the good reviews for these picks . Quality wise , they are very good . The grip on them is superb and the sound is great . HOWEVER , I chose these picks rather than the cheaper ones because of the image Amazon has for them . I was expecting the 6 different colors , and all I was shipped was the blue.Though the quality is nice , spend less money on the other generic Dunlop Tortex picks because the only reason to spend more on these is the thought you 'll get a variety of color choices . Wrong ! Beware the misleading picture !
 As a beginning guitarist , i love these picks . A friend gave one of these picks to me and I loved playing with them . When I lost the pick i looked to Amazon to buy the same ones . WARNING
 I am a relatively new guitar player as I 've only been playing a few months . I have found that I really like the feel of the thinner picks , they do n't seem to have the sharp `` chingy-chingy '' sound of the thicker picks for playing rhythm . The thinnest I had tried up until this point was a .46 mm but I wanted to give these a shot just to see if I might like these picks that were even thinner.Well I got them today and I can already tell that I wo n't be playing with them . My guitar that has always had really nice , rich , mellow sound suddenly sounds tinny and cheap , like it was one of those children 's guitars you can buy for $ 35 at Wal-Mart . I switch back to my other , thicker , celluloid picks and the beautiful rich tone is back . I am unsure at this point whether it is just the paper thin measure of the picks or the different material that makes it sound so terrible.Maybe someone with a bit more experience that knows what they are getting into would be happier with these.Very unhappy with this product and will be sending it back for a refund.On another , better note , the package was shipped and arrived on the exact day they estimated , the packaging was good . Happy with the experience of the purchase , just not the product itself . That 's why I gave 2 stars instead of one , just because Amazon made the experience a pleasant one .
 they are very cheap ang flimzy.they wear down very easy.i know they are not exspencive.i hate them
 Dunlop .73 picks are the best picks in the world as far as I 'm concerned . At a music store they range from 25 to 40 cents each . The description for this item does not show a quantity . Now that I received it , I find you get a dozen for less than four bucks , which would n't be bad , but then with the cost of shipping I ended up paying close to nine bucks for twelve picks . I did not see anywhere in the description of the item where they told how many picks you get , and I was hoping for more .
 I thought the pick would have more of a tacky or grippy feel . Better than a plain Dunlop pick , but nothing special .
 Do n't waste your money on this . The wood is close to impossible to bend and once you do , the sound quality is horrible . Better off getting from a site that actually makes beriumbaus .
 I chose this particular version of the product because of the colors . The picture shows many different colors , in pastel shades . The picks we received were all one , ugly grayish green color . Maybe pick color is n't a big deal , but I took the time to specifically chose these colors because I knew my daughter , who 's learning guitar , would like them . So , do n't trust the picture & know you will probably get some yucky generic color if you order these .
 When I play the guitar , the picks I use have to have a little bit of a grip -LRB- I 've gone to edging them with duct-tape to get the desired grip -RRB- . I was at a guitar store and told this to a sales rep. He picked up these gator-picks and said that when your hands sweat , these little guys stick . So I bought them and gave it a solid try.I used it for about a half hour but never got a good grip . Half way through a song , the stupid guitar pick slipped out of my fingers and landed inside my guitar.I 'm done with these things ... they really do feel like they 're coated in Teflon and the coating responds the same way . I guess I 'm going back to the duct-tape .
 The impression I took from the pictures of this pick was that they would be pliable , perhaps of a material similar to a hockey puck or a regular Dunlap pick . I had hoped the stubbier width would make it easier to hold . However , they are made of a more rigid plastic . I was unable to produce the rich tones my thirty-five-year-old acoustic guitar can give . At best , I could get only a harsh scratching sound , the pick 's influence distracting from my Mossman 's timber . Even banging out campfire songs on my giant 12-string generated a sound I did n't enjoy . Alternating up and down strokes was uncomfortable for me too . Oh well , my mistake . -LRB- I was able to modify a standard width pick by gluing a rubber disk to it ; this worked . Therefore , I suggest the difficulty I had was caused by something beyond my not being used to its width . -RRB- And , I wonder , has anyone who used the stubby picks longer than I noticed a difference in the life of their strings ?
 My review does not speak to the stubby picks themselves but to the vendor . Although I paid for and was supposed to be sent a bag of six , I was sent a bag with only five and a hole in the bag where the sixth one was removed . It is not worth my time and money to return to get the sixth pick , but I can put in a review saying so . Therefore , whether you select these picks or not , I would recommend using a different vendor .
 i dont know why everyone thinks thinks that these are so good . I bought them thinking that my playing would be better but i found that my playing was actually worse . Thicker pick = worser playing DO NOT BUY
 This guitar pick , when held properly , is slippery , does not fit your fingers correctly , and is easily nicked by guitar strings . The worst part about this is the nicking , because once it is nicked your stings can get caught in it and break . Do n't worry , this was not some freak accident , it happened with almost every pick that came in this package.I understand that the pick is designed to be easier to hold , but `` stubby '' is not that great . `` Textured '' would have been much better.I would say that one pro is how solid it `` feels '' , but because the guitar pick is easily blemished by electric and acoustic strings , it would be inappropriate to call this product `` solid '' .
 Picks are a personal thing , and no one pick suits every situation . The big stubby is a very comfortable pick that will stay firmly in place in your hand . The fact that it 's not flat but slightly rounded makes it great for fast picking . But it 's sound is duller than a flat pick and less percussive , and for me that 's a deal breaker . -LRB- I 'm talking about acoustic picking . Maybe it 's fine for electric . -RRB- And I do n't like it at all for strumming , both because of the dullness and the lack of feel . So I bought a pack of these , which I almost never use and will give away to curious friends .
 I like the grip on these picks , and the sound quality is n't bad -- but nor is it worth this price for everyday strumming . Also , do n't expect to receive picks that are any shade of white or blue , as pictured -- I received transparent purple picks that were n't at all easy on the eye . If you want a thick pick that produces sound similar to the Big Stubby and has a good grip , I 'd recommend 1.14 mm Everly Star Grip Picks instead . Obviously not as thick of the 2mm Big Stubby , but then again -- the 2mm is excessive for most picking needs .
 They are cheap , light and not terribly able to handle even tunes like Magic Bus from The Who.I had higher hopes for this product.They are not what we best expected , they have little reverb , do n't feel like the weight of the rosewood set we owned previously -- and they do n't have the timber/vibration that proper Rhythm Sticks seem to ... . I 'm saddened by having to write this review . I wish they were better .
 This pipe was a disappointment . First the good parts . It is made from a nice piece of wood and looks pretty impressive at 27-28 inches . I got this for a prop to take to renaissance faires . The reed is plastic and it does actually make a sound . That 's about it . There was no manual to describe how it is supposed to be played . The holes are small and uniformly drilled . It does not play according to any type of scale that I recognize although it is possible to adjust the pitch of the notes by changing your breath pressure or fingering to try to approach a scale . The lower notes are especially prone to pitch variation due to pressure changes . The biggest problem with this is the tone . The instrument is much quieter than a recorder or a penny whistle . It does not make much sound . It looks rather nice and it does make sounds but it is not really worth the price for basically a prop .
 I recently bought a few packs of Jazz IIIs and I was shocked . They do n't play at all like what I was expecting . Under high magnification the edge does n't look the same as the old Jazz III either , and they do n't play the same if you turn them over !!! What 's up with that?I 'm sorry to give such a poor review to a great brand like Dunlop . Let 's hope this is just a short-term fluke .
 This product is horridly difficult to get working on OS X -LRB- Mac -RRB- products . The customer service is close to worthless . I am at the point of giving up and purchasing a competitor 's product that actually works . My guess is that either Tascam is incompetent wrt software , or more likely the product is new enough that they have n't gotten it to work yet on all common OS 's . -LRB- I would have given it zero stars , but it appears that one star is the minimum allowed -RRB- .
 This interface sounds amazing when it does work , and it really is a great device in itself , being sturdy , easy to use and having plenty of ports and features for the price . However , Tascam really needs to get their act together with supporting operating systems beyond Windows XP , and with making their hardware work well on 64-bit systems . To be fair to the manufacturer , it would probably work all right in Vista 64 if EVERY program being used was 64-bit along with all the hardware , but almost no major DAWs have 64-bit versions , so in reality the 64-bit support is worthless . After making sure the firmware/drivers were up to date , and after about a day or so of testing every possible configuration of hardware/driver settings in FL Studio 8 , I still just could n't get it to stop dropping out and producing severe pops and glitches , no matter how high the buffer length was set . Even outside of FL it had some problems ; in WMP it was fine , but while watching flash video content in Mozilla Firefox -LRB- with the US-144 as my soundcard -RRB- there were still some pops . And surprise surprise , Firefox is 32-bit ! Plus , this thing even caused the GIMP to repeatedly crash for some reason ... simply pathetic.So , in conclusion , this piece of hardware in itself is amazing for the price and sounds and works flawlessly ... that is , if you have a computer archaic enough to meet what are basically de-facto `` maximum '' system requirements , so to speak .
 I have owned the US-144 for a little over a year and have rarely had a recording session that was n't a headache . Apparently , the drivers are unstable making it unpredictable whether the unit will be recognized by my recording software , Garageband . So invariable I have to unplug my USB cables and plug them back in again , quit out out of Garageband and constantly reset Garageband preferences to select the US-144 , turn off the Mac , download new drivers , delete old drivers , and this has been going on for over a year . One need only do a search of reviews on the US-144 to hear a chorus of complaints . The unfortunate thing is Tascam was once a brand you could trust for professional grade recording equipment . Tascam has discontinued the US-144 leaving loyal Tascam customers in the lurch . I am going elsewhere for a working audio interface and I recommend you do too .
 If you are using Vista 64 stay away from this interface . Even after downloading and installing the latest driver and firmware - 1.12 - there are still latency issues along with random snaps , crackles and pops ...
 The sound quality is very good . However , the interface crashes at random intervals throughout the day . On a fresh install of Windows XP SP3 , I frequently got the Blue-Screen-of-Death blaming tascusb2.sys . There was no warning . Computer could be on for hours before doing it , or not . I have n't been able to discern a pattern as to when it happens -- it happens most often when I listen to music , but sometimes it will crash when I 'm doing nothing at all with it.Installing the newest drivers from the Tascam Website actually made my system crash more often than the old drivers . The interface also takes 20 % of CPU power to run on a Core 2 Quad Laptop , even when I 'm doing nothing with it . The Interface actually crashed my PC once while I was writing this review.Google it ; there are dozens of reports online of people having the same issues as me , and hundreds of reports regarding Tascam 's worthless customer support , even here on Amazon . The instruction manual is also littered with typos.Even when it does output sound , you ca n't use it in a production environment due to very high latency . If you set the latency to anything other than the highest setting , you will get all kinds of crackling and skipping , even when just listening to music in Winamp or Windows Media Player . It often does n't get properly recognized in Cubase 5 . Recording is nearly impossible.Support is unhelpful , telling me to disable my anti virus and firewall -LRB- not an option due to security concerns , but even when I did do it for an hour , my system crashed again -RRB- , and outright lying to me , saying that Mac users do n't have issues with the Tascam Audio Interface , when even the reviewer above me has problems getting it to work on his Mac.Bottom line
 I have two PCs that are less than a year old , both with 7200rpm hard drives and max of 4GB RAM . One is a laptop running Windows Vista , the other is a desktop running Windows XP , both running 32-bit OS with dual core 2ghz intel core 2 duo processors.I was unable to setup the device on Vista without constant playback lag and popping within windows when monitoring sound via headphone jack on the device.However , this worked without as much trouble when using the same hardware on Windows XP . However , on Windows XP I still had a slight recording lag which is apparent when multi-track recording . I was n't looking for a challenge , I wanted an audio interface that just works . This has been a challenge .
 The interface simply does not work . I agree with those who state that there are sound driver or other issues . A total waste of money . I ended up with an Apogee Duet and a MAC Notebook . Part of the issue may simply be windows PC and these types of audio interfaces and reflect the superiority of Mac vs Windows for audio recording . But I 've spent fruitless hours trying to get clear audio out of TASCAM when hooked to a PC . Run do n't walk away from this device .
 Good for a pretty look and thats about it.My recommendation is to put them in a frame and hang them on an enemies wall . Then repeatedly say how beautiful they look .
 The gauge is fine , but should you sweat the lightest bit , you loose all control over the pick . I 've used most everything and these are probably the worst I 've used in terms of grip .
 While these picks have the body and stiffness I look for , they also have little burrs left from production that need to be filed off before use . If you do n't mind spending some time getting them ready for use , these are good picks .
 I had to send this back . It did not work despite trying several different CDs . The microphone jack also seemed defective . There was a lot of static when I plugged it in and static whenever the cord was moved . I think the manufacturer must have a quality control issue judging from other reviews . You might get lucky and receive one that works -- or not .
 I bought this at Target . It does n't work . Absolutely no sound comes out of the microphone . Both my husband and I have tried everything to get it to work w / no luck . Unfortunately , I lost my receipt so I ca n't return it . Good as a CD player , but that is it . .
 I purchased this VERY same machine a couple of years ago from Walmart . It only worked 3 times , then the CD player quit !!! DO NOT BUY !!
 We have had problems with this product . The chargers do not connect well to the walkie talkie . After months of use it is hard to get a good connection when we put the walkie in the charger . We either get a blinking red light , orange light or green light instead of a solid red light which causes the machine to discharge . We also have found that they wear out with less then six months of usage . Two years ago we purchased 7 of them and in February of this year we purchased 4 more . Now we only have six that operate out of the 12 and we are starting to have trouble with some of the remaining ones . We also find that some of them do not last for more then an eight hour period after six months and they are suppose to last 12 hours . We wish we knew what to do since we need them for our staff .
 Useless in Phoenix , Arizona . Dries out after a day or two ! Might work great if you live in a humid climate : -RRB-
 Like so many once great products in our country , greed for a higher profit margin has ruined this product . They 've reduced everything 40 % . The size , the weight , and most damaging , the size of the MOST IMPORTANT part , the SPONGE inside . This would be a great humidifier ... for a DOLL HOUSE GUITAR . Chincy with a capital chince.As with the loss of the square Premium Saltine , I blame the bean counters and other unscrupulously ambitious boss pleasing corporate swine.THIS NEW HUMIDIFIER IS A USELESS TOY !!!!!!!! DO NOT BUY , IF YOU VALUE YOUR GUITAR !!!!! Do this instead . By a plastic travel case made for a bath sized bar of soap . Punch or poke a hole/holes in the top . Insert a NEW kitchen sponge , -LSB- which you have saturated with water , then rung out , -RSB- into the travel soap holder . Cut to size if nesc , but should fit perfectly . Place in case pocket.This will have the moisture you need to keep your guitar happy , care-free and free and safe from those drunk and down nasty , damaging , Planet Waves ...
 I bought several of these for my guitars . What a mistake . The sponges are tiny and all of them dried out within a day . Not very convenient . I am going back to using household sponges in sealed plastic bags with holes punched in ! Planet Waves does not have a great reputation for quality humidifier systems .
 This guitar humidifier dries out fast and you 'll need to fill it up about every 2-3 days , spend the extra money and get the Oasis . I live in a moderately dry climate and this humidifier requires more attention and time than I want to spend worrying about my precious guitars.Planet Waves Acoustic Guitar Humidifier
 This goes between your 3 and 4 strings , spreading them both way out . This constant stretch will ruin your strings quicker as well as widening your guitar 's nut . This is a really awful design . I mean , really awful .
 Is my house that DRY !? In less than two days the little sponge inside is dry , dry , dry !! I was thinking at least 14 days before I have to mess with wetting them again . And I ordered three of them !! I have to say these suck ! In more ways than one .
 I live in the mountains in colorado , so you should take into account the dry climate . Having said that , this product does n't work . I was told it is incredibly easy to use . This is true . The underlying problem is that it does n't give off much humidity . I re-fill every night , and my guitar began to crack . The same thing happened to my friend with the same product . I took my guitar to a pro repair show , and the man said he has fixed countless guitars using this humidifier . He kindly pointed me to a functioning one .
 The old ones were better . I have two and they work fine . The new one I bought is cheaply made . It does n't hold as much water and dries out quickly . Planet Waves should go back to the old model . - Alastair L-C
 I bought this as a gift for my son , who is first chair clarinet in the school band . I received the packet promptly , the product looks nice . However , only after a few days of playing in the band , my son complained that it does not make some notes and probably leaking air . I contact the seller and got the answer that I have to mail the packet back to new York for repair . this really pissed me off . I should have bought from official store for this kind of really expensive product !!
 I ordered the expensive clarinet that came with the leather briefcase but Weineer sent me a clarinet with a cheap backpack ... I asked them to send me the one that I ordered and they told me that I have to send the backpack back to them first and they will send me a correct one ... Most of the companies I deal with will send me a return label but not Weiner ... They would not pick up or send me a return label for the exchange ... Bad Service and totally ignorant with the wrong order ... I would not oder anything from Weiner anymore ...
 I had no idea that the banjo string set I purchased would come without ball ends or a method to keep them on a banjo that does not have hooks in the tailpiece for this loop end string set . The package gives no clue that these strings come only with loop ends and no ball ends to hold the string in the tailpiece . The set is useless to me as there is no way to fasten them to the banjo . I am disappointed in the Gibson brand for not labeling this fact on the package .
 When I received this product , the top of the container was not secure and it seemed that all of the cleaning solution had evaporated . There was some left on the bottom of the container which I swapped up with the cleaning tool , which was n't nearly enough to clean my guitar . Basically , I received a dry cleaning stick . Maybe it would be better to purchase this item in a store rather than having it shipped ?
 Learning the guitar is expensive and this is one lesson . The odor is bad . So bad I can not take it.Change the strings , Do n't mess with this junk . Its not just the odor . I do not want anything this string close to my eyes . I was hunting for a solution to sweat and sticky . It helped the sticky thing some but created more problems that it helped .
 This product is not what it seems . It has a cool name , but that 's about it . It 's a tool oil that stinks . I tried my best to get use to this product , but learned that there are much better ways after going into the studio and recording for the 1st time . After doing away with the Fast-Fret , my playing has improved and I hardly ever have to change my string because of gook . Not to mention that getting that crap on my fingers was just nasty . I now use Old English and my guitars thank me , my nose thanks me and my fingers thank me . You will too ...
 I would return this , if it was n't given to me as a gift . The leather looks cheap , the underside is too slippery , and it 's too short overall even at the longest setting . The padding is nice , but that 's about .
 I bought this about a year ago in 2010 . Like similar products , it was very easy to set up . Within a few months I noticed that one speaker or another would occasionally fail when starting a record side . I used to be able to fix this by jiggling the L and R connectors on the back . It was n't a big deal , I could live with it . More recently , in order to get it to work again , I 've had to disconnect the power supply and reconnect it . It seems to solve the problem , but I ca n't really say I 'm satisfied with this product . Now it happens every time I start an album side , which equals a lot of unplugging and re-plugging . I got what I paid for , a few months of use . Time to upgrade .
 I have a recently purchased Sony STR-DH100 amp/receiver , which I knew would require a phono pre-amp . This Behringer pre-amp -LRB- purchased from Musicians Friends -RRB- worked fine -LRB- no hum -RRB- but when I turned my Sony amp up -LRB- not very loud -RRB- to hear my phono the amp would shut down with a `` PROTECT '' warning indicating an `` irregular current . '' Obviously incompatible , so I am out the shipping charges to receive and to return the product . What a waste of $ $ and time . I am now using my old colege amp -LRB- with built in phono pre-amp -RRB- to listen to my records .
 I would return this , if it was n't given to me as a gift . The leather looks cheap , the underside is too slippery , and it 's too short overall even at the longest setting . The padding is nice , but that 's about .
 I purchased a set of three mizmars of varying sizes , and like another reviewer , was unable to get a sound out of any . So then , reading the review notices , I decided to buy a two pack of reeds and staples . That did nothing . They do not seem to fit any of the sizes . Additionally , there are no instructions about how to play the instruments -LRB- and good luck trying to find anything like that in English on the internet -RRB- . I am out another nine dollars or so . I do not recommend anyone who does not know how to play a mizmar to buy the instruments or the reed and staples .
 I DO N'T EXPECT THAT THIS PRODCT IS MADE IN CHINA . I AM TOTALLY DISAPPOPINTED . I AM NOT SATISFIED WITH ITS PERFORMANCE .
 Piece of junk , thin material , zipper malfunctioned & skipped track & locked-up very first pull.Threw the whole thing away in disgust !
 This product broke within the first 24 hours of being used . The hard plastic cracked . I replaced it with a hard rubber form which has worked great . A little more money but worth it .
 Bought several of these . If you can get your mic into it and leave it in , you 're okay . If you have to take your mic in and out , expect it to break in a couple of turns.Two of them broke just trying to put my Pyle mics into them the first time . Find a different clip .
 Sounds Horrible , like some cheap plastic toy you 'd give to your children . Great for decoration , but dont expect to get any music out of it . Good Luck .
 If you read this it means you in the same point where I had been some time ago and I hope my advise will help you as much as the same advise had helped to me.Essentially it is pointless to discuss some hypothetic `` classical guitar '' on the web . In the same way as all we , people , have the same hands , legs and heads but have different nature and voices , the guitars , even of the same model of the same manufacturer may differ wildly.The Classical guitar has to be made of wood . And wood , even of the same age and tree has much of personality and much of `` specifics in sound.If you consider this guitar you are shopping in the lowest end for cheap instrument . Well do not do it ! Because I doubt you will learn it ever.First of all buy the real Spanish guitar . I mean Spanish made in Span not the `` Spanish '' made in China or anywhere else . Spanish guitars , even the cheapest made toward sound , not toward look . Do not buy guitar with laminated top , it will sound as a toilet sitting and you never will be able to get decent sound out of it . The quality of sound is very important while playing classical guitar and you produce the sound with your hands . It is crucially important to learn to produce right sound by positioning fingers and nails properly
 It seems to me everyone got exceptional instrument except me . I do n't understand what 's so great about this guitar . Action is just horrible . I mean , look at 12 fret its 10 millimeters . I do n't know much about classical but it is not what I would call great playability . Of course , you can play on this guitar , I do . But it 's hard . I suppose , one should n't expect much from $ 100 dollars instrument . But I repeat , it 's not great . Now about bass strings . They sound bassy , as I suppose , they must . But the thing is their bassines overpower trebles . Trebles sound unproportionally weak . And yes , yes . I did changed strings on a good ones -LRB- D-Adario normal tension something -RRB- upon getting this guitar from Amazon I should say though that guitar starts to sound much better now than it was when I just got it . But action on this instrument still kills my fingers . I do finger pushups in order to develop muscle on my phalanges , in order , to play on this guitar somehow . Of course , I could ask professional to fix bridge nut , but why would I do it for such cheap guitar . My verdict-unless you want to develop your fingers , in order , to pull out nail with your bare hands , go for it . I will send it back , and buy myself inexpensive Spanish brand .
 I own several Yamaha musical instruments . I purchased the C40 assuming that the overall quality would be good and that the acoustical sound would be at best acceptible . The one that I received was defective in that it buzzed/vibrated when certain notes were played -LRB- sympathetic body vibrations -RRB- . Also , it could not be played in tune-i.e. the fret/nut/bridge alignment was off . So . I suppose this is typical for a $ 100 entry level guitar . Perhaps I got a bad one . I know that guitars , even the same brand and model , differ greatly from one to another .
 when i got this , it seemed in condition until a week later , i realized that the last key didnt even give out a proper pitch , and it still had the last persons moisture in it , and it wasnt oil or grease
 I bought this for my son who will use it at school . This recorder does not have correct tones . Its fa and sol are completely off . I have to purchase another one but it wo n't be a Yamaha .
 description said it was for iPhone but had 3-pin microphone plug in so it is 100 % unusable for me . still in box .
 This is some sample sound of the Audio-Technica 8HEx recorded onto my Zoom H4 at an audio store . As you can hear , it sounds very poor -- like a telephone . It would only be suitable for AM radio , in my opinion . Sample is a high-quality . wav file.Audio Technica Pro 8HEx Headset Microphone
 Mid-east blackwood uilleann chanters are decently tuned and they will play two octaves , but not with this reed . This plastic reed will not play in tune and it plays only the lower octave . The reed does not play in tune because the staple is too short . You can get the reed to play the lower octave in tune by extending the length of the staple with a bit of 3/16 inch brass tubing . Many people seem to think that Pakistani pipes are unplayable . The chanters and drones are fine -- it 's the reeds that are the problem .
 Mid-east blackwood uilleann chanters are decently tuned and they will play two octaves , but not with this reed . This plastic reed will not play in tune and it plays only the lower octave . The reed does not play in tune because the staple is too short . You can get the reed to play the lower octave in tune by extending its length with a bit of 3/16 inch brass tubing . Many people seem to think that Pakistani pipes are unplayable . The chanters and drones are fine -- it 's the reeds that are the problem .
 Great travel guitar - for a year . I have taken it all over the world and loved playing it . Good sound quality and volume -LRB- for a small guitar -RRB- Recently -LRB- 16 months after purchase -RRB- the top has separated from the side body panels , requiring significant repair -LRB- the guitar has not been dropped or damaged -RRB- . When contacted Martin said it has a 1 year , NOT 16 month warranty . Hard to think of anything with the Martin name as disposable , but the LXM may not be a guitar for the long haul .
 I 've read so many good reports on these picks and I thought I would try some but the tone is quite harsh and especially brittle on mandolin ; even by two very high end mandolins . It must be the material they are made of as they have a nice rolled edge and are quite thick . These might work for some players but they do not work for me or any of my guitar or mandolin students . Just not a pleasant tone , unfortunately .
 This gift was a gift for my son . It was discovered that his standard size guitar could not fit into it . This company refused to give me store credit or a refund because the problem was discovered past the requisite 30 days . I will not be doing business with this company in the future . Very disappointing and frustrating .
 Model number
 I purchased this case to enclose a Agile Al-2000 I purchased here on Amazon . Overall the case fits a les paul style guitar pretty well but provides pretty minimal protection due to being rather thin . If you are looking for a cheep option for transporting a guitar in this is alright option but I would n't consider this for more than storage or for a minimal risk environment.I ended up replacing it with a hardshell case as soon as I had the money to due so .
 Recently I needed to purchase a tambourine for a dance class , and this item was chosen for the students there . My impression is # 1 . If you want something ethnic to hang on the wall , this would work , I suppose , but # 2 if you want a sturdy musical instrument to play , please PLEASE dont waste your money on this . It is flimsy , poorly finished , the skin head is badly tanned and can still have some hair remaining . The zills or jingles appear to be aluminum can lids , and the slots they are in are roughly finished , often jamming the metal into unplayability.It is an instrument of poor quality , and not even good enough to be used as a toy . I think it would be dangerous to give to a child due to the raw , sharp edges of the metal.I give this only one star because I cant give anything lower than that , but it shouldnt even rate one star . Dont waste your money.L.A.Davis
 Active Musician should discontinue this product or sell it under a different category such as Home Decor . The `` cymbals '' are like thin flat metal washers with no musical quality to them . Active Musician did not include the soft case it was supposed to come with . Do not buy !
 The keyboard range is far too small , several of the keys do n't work properly and it took well over a month for my MIDI cable to arrive from the seller . All-in-all , it is a necessary part of my studies but I 'm not very happy with this keyboard .
 This is the worst midi controller i 've ever used , production wise , because i 've gone through 2 of these things in one year , and that is not right considering that these things can cost up to $ 150 a controller for these . The keys and hardware are made of cheap plastic , and easily break . My two that i had stopped working randomly and now have to send the second in for repair . But you know what , forget it . They are not worth my time . I 'm just going to buy a Oxygen controller instead .
 I had the same exact issue as another reviewer . Very bad product and customer service . My advice is to never buy an M-Audio product . They will rip you off and offer bad customer service that gives you the run around with no solution . Here is the other reviewer 's post on this M-Audio product : Warning for Windows 7 users , especially 64-bit versions
 You get what you pay for . The M-Audio Keyrig feels as cheap as a Casio keyboard . The pitch bend and mod wheel are kind of nice , sturdy rubber , but the keys are light and feel like they could break under your fingers if you really whaled on them . There are no other controls on it other than a volume control . If you want a control surface with some knobs and sliders you may want to look at this model 's big brother . I used to have an old version of the Oxygen 8 . That controller was pretty solid , yet still inexpensive . You get what you pay for .
 This is a nice inexpensive controller until it just stops working . The symptoms are ; it still lights up , the pitch bend , modulation and volume slid still sends midi signals , but the keyboards goes dead.There may be parts available to repair it from M-Audio , but the cost is 25-45 % of the price.Sorry M-Audio , I can not recommend this unit .
 I bought this keyboard from Best Buy.It is not a very good keyboard.It has the following problems : When you are in the normal Octave -LRB- both octave lights on the left are on which is the default -RRB- , when you go into G4 and above which are on the right , the keyboard produces a very muted sound . It is a drastic transition from F4 to G4 keys . It sounds OK when you set the keyboard to a lower octave.Also , in the normal octave mode , chords A minor and C sound the same . This is because when you hit the A minor chord the A note is hardly heard.Now I am looking at options . May be it is the particular piece that I got .
 I was really disappointed that this M-Audio Keyboard did n't come with the usual M-Powered Pro Tools Essentials or the USB Audio Interface . I Googled the exact same keyboard `` pro tools keystudio '' and found it for $ 79.99 at B&H ... WITH THE PRO TOOLS RECORDING SOFTWARE AND USB AUDIO INTERFACE ! STOP SELLING STRIPPED DOWN VERSIONS OF THIS PRODUCT !
 Bought this for my son for Christmas , It is almost worthless . It is being sent back for a refund . The Support at M-Audio is a joke . I really do n't know how they can stay in business with and poor service and products they provide.Save your money and buy something that actually works .
 I had purchased this product as an inexpensive way to learn a little keyboarding without buying the full item with all the bells and whistles . Took 2-3 hours to figure out how to install it thanks to poor instructions from the manufacturer . The keyboard was obviously primarily for Macs -LRB- I run a Vista home machine -RRB- and certainly did not work with my OS out of the box with any of the software provided ! Took awhile to figure out the problem -LRB- even with repeat visits to the website -RRB- before I finally got it installed . Definitely not plug-n-play if you run Windows , although it is doable.When it does play , the sound tends to be far too quiet and I find myself often using headphones just so I can ensure I hear what I 'm playing . The Keyrig program included is nice and offers a lot of options , but may be a bit much for first-time users who just want to connect up the board and rock on.Other reviews have already mentioned the lead hazard , be sure to wash your hands after playing and do not touch mouth/nose/eyes while you are playing.On the plus side , it is an inexpensive option for those willing to put a little time into getting it installed -LRB- Hint
 Wow , lead paint ? PEOPLE READ PRODUCT REVIEWS BEFORE YOU BUY !!! Do n't be like me ... Besides not being able to eat while using this board and having `` Wash Hands '' taped on it the only problem I have with this board is the pitch wheel wigging out . It 's very annoying to deal with so I have to disable it every time I turn it on . Also , why does M-Audio make it so hard to get M-Audio Key Rig software ? Why would you give me a CD that directs me imediately to your site where you -LRB- supposedly -RRB- download it?If you want to buy a toy for a child you 'd like to poison then by this board for them.If you do n't want to kill them , get something else . The Oxygen is n't bad.I just bought a barely used Triton Extreme 88 key with a Gator case and heavy duty stand from a friend of mine last week . I might upload a video of me taking a baseball bat to this POS ...
 Warning for Windows 7 users , especially 64-bit versions
 I bought this for college in the end of the summer and it worked great . Now it 's October , and it wo n't play any notes for me for my Aural Theory Homework . This is n't what I expected when you pay close to 100 dollars .
 It sounds good , but no use if it ca n't stay in the soundhole . I placed my pickup into a portable Yamaha F-1 acoustic.It fit snuggly - fine , great.However , after only about a handful of times taking the pickup out and putting it back into the soundhole , the PLASTIC `` stays '' / notched pegs which swivel and brace the soundhole -LRB- that is , the plastic pieces which keep the pickup in the soundhole -RRB- would not stay taught/fixed . The result - the plastic stays would swivel too easily and collapse the pickup into the soundhole - bummer.I returned it , consequently .
 I was totally disappointed in this product . I guess I should not have expected more for the price . Very flimsy and poorly made , sounds more like buzzing through a paper towel tube than a fanfare trumpet . This will spend the rest of its life hanging on my wall , or as a funnel to add transmission fluid to my truck .
 The C-range frequencies are not illegal to use in USASEE
 I 'll go ahead and assume you already know what a clean boost pedal does , and I 'll say that when it works this one is perfectly competent.Unfortunately , that does n't matter much when it does n't want to work . Took it out of the box , noticed right away that the volume knob does n't travel properly . It hangs up in the middle six or so out of the entire range of ten . Then , I start playing around with it , and I notice that about every third time I hit the footswitch to disable it , my signal cuts out entirely . Uncool.I had read other reviews of this pedal , and seen a couple mentioning problems with the knob and footswitch -LRB- including one guy who tore it down and saw how cheap the switch is -RRB- , but I decided to give it a try anyway . Thankfully , it failed right out of the box , so I can return it and get something else.This makes me sad , because like I said the actual effect was fine . I like the styling , I like larger pedals -LRB- many of the current-model clean boosts are in smaller packages -RRB- , I wanted this thing to work for me . But back it goes . Unless you plan to spend your time trying to fix the internals of this thing at a later date -LRB- or allowing for several return trips to BBE , because at least they give you a five year warranty -RRB- , I 'd look elsewhere . I imagine if you replaced the switch and knob , it 'd be a fine pedal . But I do n't have the time or desire right now . Maybe I 'll keep an eye out for a used one to do this to.Funny thing , to me , is that it comes with a power supply . Like , nobody else gives you a power supply with their pedals . Maybe they should consider leaving the wall wart out , and spend that extra bit on upgrading the components that people will actually handle/turn/stomp on .
 Maybe I got a bad one , but it did not do very well in my setup . I tried it on my pedal board and isolated , as well as with the provided power supply , 1spot and battery.To start , I 'm not a fan of the fact that it 's huge . A clean boost has a relatively small circuit , and should not take up as much space as my TC Electronic Noa Delay.It also added tons of nasty noise . Not what I would call clean gain at all . The vol pot sizzled and crackled when it was turned , and the bypass switch produced a VERY loud/nasty popping noise , quite bad compared to all other pedals I own.It does seem to feel like it 's great quality , unfortunately once plugged in it just did n't work out for me . Again , maybe mine was defective , but my opinion if it has been tainted , and would n't own another one.This got returned .
 This piccolo was to be used by my daughter during marching season . She had it about a month and then it would n't play any more . It just stopped playing . This piccolo is junk .
 This violin worked for about two months . I could not find a music store that would help with the pegs that would no longer tighten . The reason they would n't touch the violin is that it was so cheaply made . No one would work on it because it would break so easy . A purchase that was `` You get what you pay for . '' Fortunately , my daughter had so much fun playing with it for a couple months that we ended up buying her a nicer one .
 I ordered this used equipment for my son to practice on , however the speakers did not work , the mic was missing . I contacted the seller and explained the situation , he was very uncooperative and refused the return or refund my money . I paid 150.00 used , the new one was 200 . To replace the speakers and the mic was 75.00 . I would have been better off buying new one .
 If you have been trying to learn the secrets of jazz on the guitar but to no success , then this DVD is definitely not for you . Maybe come back to it twenty years from now when you 're a professional . That 's because Sid will lose you five minutes into the video and all you 'll see is a talented guitar player showing the stuff that an amateur like you ca n't play yet . An instructional video is supposed to break new grounds for people watching it by carefuly explaining the chords and triads and scale patterns . Sid already assumes you know everything and frankly if I knew everything I would n't need a video
 How can anyone live with themselves charging $ 100 for something that does n't even work . I could live with less than stellar sound quality , but peeling paint and valves that just do n't come back up all the time ?? This was a big huge waste of money . I expect garbage when shopping at the dollar store , but when I pay $ 100 for something , I would expect it to work . Spend the money and buy something else .
 The product description led me to believe that the product was something else . I will be very leery before buying this type of product again . and then to have to pay to return it was bogus !
 I bought this for my son -LRB- 1st grader -RRB- ... And the metronome stopped working after 2 months of barely being used . Luckily , I was able to return it to amazon and bought a Korg instead .
 I have owned several tuners , none of which have ever broken ... except the Intelli tuner . I have two of these and both are broken ... do n't waste your money on this brand .
 the switching from the metronome to the tuner ... not so great . The metronome stopped working after a few days , and would occassionally work . It was n't worth the shipping and hassle to get another one . the tuner works though .
 Sounds great as a shaker , but it 's too too big , heavy and unwieldy to be useful as a pick . On top of that , the pick itself is too thin for my taste . The the Rhythm Ring instead .
 I am not crazy about this item . Great concept , but it does n't sound that great to me and the pick itself is very soft.The shaker stays in your hand of course , which mutes the sound quite a bit as you strum . Clever idea , butdoes n't do the trick . Sorry to have to say so .
 The first rainstick I received had spilled its contents all over the inside of the mailing box . When I contacted the seller , they sent another one out right away and told me they did n't need the first one back . The second stick arrived and works fine , but it is a very short rainstorm , which I guess could be remedied by buying a larger stick .
 The second I got this Rain Stick I knew my problems were over . The 12 dollars I spent was not entirely wasted for the next thing I knew we had a Deluge that lasted all of ten seconds . This is a big thing down south here , especially since the Drought hit.Yes , I can guarantee you the magical properties of such Rain Sticks are magnificent . Get yourself one if you want to get some rain in your dusty region , it will help immensely.Hey , if we all started shaking our sticks then maybe we 'd get rid of this terrible drought.As for music , or using this as a musical instrument , well it has n't gone over so well . My young niece constantly GLARES Hard at me , and grabs it from my hand.I have managed to annoy my poor retired father into turning the T.V. volume up to the point where not a shake can be heard.As for the rest of the family they have let me know very loudly how annoying it is.As for myself I put in a good pair of ear plugs and have at it , or just shake along to the tune that may be playing on the keyboard my niece likes to compose on . -LRB- She usually stops me quickly and has learned to tell me NO ! the second I try to start up a symphony of rain to accompany anything she deems worthy of playing for us.Personally I think it could compliment it quite well . -RRB- Though overall I am a bit disappointed , I have not been able to keep a good beat or use it as a real musical rattle . Despite the description it does not seem to be constructed to truly be used in any real musical capacity.But as for the rain a * BIG Two Thumbs Up * :D it has worked out WELL , and I suggest everyone get their own stick to shake. : D
 get a bigger one this puts out too little fog too slow too ! Get at least 800W
 Well i use this for reason other then most probably , Im a photographer and i use smoke as a prop . Well i thought this unit would be great but unless mine was defective i was not impressed.Pros - The unit is small , portable , and professional looking.Cons - Takes 5 minutes to warm up -LRB- which is fine -RRB- but it also has to stop every couple presses of the button to reheat , in my situation i cant have this . I need smoke when i need smoke : DNot sure if its the solution but this stuff dissipates FAST ! i could not even keep a small room filled in my home for more then 3-5 minutes without it being smokeless again . This is a HUGE problem for me because combined with the need to have to wait for it to heat and the speed in which the smoke disappears i would never be able to use this in an outdoor shoot which i do all the time.Needless to say i cant use it , perhaps its a great entry unit for DJ 's and such , but for me not so much .
 This product did not work as I expected . Very little fog only in a small area not at all what I wanted for Halloween . I guess I will keep it even through I should return it !
 Bought this for around $ 40 USD got it home and plugged it in and it was fogging up the place like crazy . But then I started noticing that its duty cycle was inconsistent . Sometimes I could hit the fog for a good 30 seconds and sometimes I would be lucky to get 2 seconds out of it . Then one evening after work I came home to a puddle of what looked like fog juice on the floor . The fog machine had leaked all of the contents of the tank onto my floor . I have only had this machine for a week and it is not fit to do even one show .
 Only used this at 3 parties and it just stopped producing fog all together . Pretty disappointing for the cost of the machine . Even when it did work , it worked sporadically at best and the fog smelled pretty bad .
 I would not recommend . Took a while for it to heat up . The sample fog juice did last for the night .
 leaked right out of the box . and the heater doesnt work very well.buy this item cheaper at your local Party City ... and when it doesnt work , take it back easily.some things are better to buy local .
 This product was loud and would only produce fog at random . Not what I was looking for at all . Do n't buy this if you want to produce a lot of quiet fog when you need it .
 I could sense a strong chemical smell right when the fog came out . On the side of the fog maker container , it said that clear without smell or chemicals , but no it was not true at all . I used it once and i was done with it . The smell was too strong and the fog tended to go everywhere instead of sticking to the ground . The amount of fog released was good for a small room and that was the only good thing I could find from this fog machine .
 This product is listed under `` ankle percussion '' , and as such it is completely disfunctional . There is no opening to allow you to actually put it on your ankles . The fabric is too soft for the heavy rattles and the original sewing job is poor . I had to figure out how to make it work . Had to purchase valcrow first thing . Luckily , I owe a sewing machine , but even with that I spent 2 additional hours sewing by hand to make it somewhat work . All that instead of just happilly handing it to my friend on time as a holiday gift . So if you are inventive , have extra time to spare and can afford to waste money , I highly recommend this product .
 Seller was great and refunded my money ; he was really nice.Do not buy a used GPO tho ; you will not be able to register it unless the original owner can unregister it first . Native instruments registration support is the worst . The person I talked to was a rare parrot teacher .
 JUst for the voice . . it sounds good , BUT IT NEVER GOT RID OF THE VOCALS . Even i changed it for another ... it did the same . I 'm keeping it because for my backing tracks my vouce sounds better . But dissapointed ...
 IT HAS BEEN POORLY DESIGNED BY A RENOWNED MANUFACTURER BEHRINGER.EXTREMELY POOR QUALITY PRODUCT . IT IS A WASTE OF MONEY . IT IS NOT AS PER THE SPEC.IT IS A GREAT SURPRISE FOR BEHRINGER PRODUCT USER .
 Ordered this `` karaoke '' machine for my 8 & 10 yr old granddaughters , who are great little singers ! But WHOA this is only a mixer and not karaoke at all . Thankfully their mom is an electronic wizard and could figure how to hook it up , but there is no place to put in a cd , therefore no words to follow . I am so disappointed !!! Alas Amazon ... the manufacturer has mislabled this machine .
 I have bought other Behringer products similar to this one and they work fine for the price but the minimix karaoke machine is a low quality equipment and it doesnt deliver for the price . maybe if it wasnt that expensive but its not worth the money ... but be my guest and try it , youll be karaokeing sad songs in no time ... jajajajaja ! 1 !!!
 i paid for this item on 31/8/2011 it is now the 4/10/2011 and i have not recieved it yet.legal action may follow if i do not get satisfaction immediatly .
 I bought this product due to previous good reviews and its low price . As long as it works reasonably well , I 'll give it at least a 4 star review . However , I was really really disappointed , since it just did n't work after I used it two times for Karaoke . I heard a `` ding '' sound when I was listening to some soft music , and the mixer was dead thereafter . The good thing is that Amazon responded quickly and my replacement is in shipping . I hope the new one will work as expected .
 bought two of them , both of them got problem , first one , can only use 1 mic , 2nd mic is always very hard to work well .2 nd mix800 , only one channel works , the other channel got no sound . dont know why.I thought it was my software or laptop 's problem , but it is not , knew this after many test with other machines.find a good one , guys !
 My son opened on Christmas morning only to find that the microphone did not plug into the karaoke machine so there was no way to use it . Now I -LRB- the Mom -RRB- have to find a mic that will plug into the machine . This was my son 's main gift , and it was a bust .
 I bought this for my daughter for her birthday . She tried to tune it and as soon as she did one of the strings broke . It was definately not as we had expected so we returned it .
 While the fit and finish of the bridge pins was very good , I found the heads of them to be too large for my tasts .
 I decided to try out these bridge pins on a Martin DR. The guitar already has a lot of sustain , so I did n't notice much improvement there , but the tone was definitely brighter . I appreciated the brightness for the gig I was playing at the time.The problem has to do with the size of the pins combined with the composition . The pins are quite a bit larger than the original pins I had been using , and getting the ball end to fall into place was tricky ; they dramatically increased the time it takes for a string change . Worse , the pins seem to expand and contract a LOT based on temperature . As the stage would heat up during a 2-hour show , the strings would continually go sharp . I had never had that problem before , and I do n't have it now that I 've switched back to my bone pins . I ca n't say with scientific certainty that it was temperature-based expansion that was causing the problem , but , as the bridge pins were the only change in the guitar , I can absolutely state that these bridge pins affected my guitar 's tuning negatively.If your guitar already has larger-than-average bridge pins -LRB- I do n't know that I 've ever seen one that does -RRB- , you do n't need to change strings frequently , or you have plenty of time to re-tune between songs , then these could be helpful if you 're looking for brighter tone . Otherwise , I 'd recommend trying different strings to alter your tone .
 I bought this set of pins just to replace the original plastic pins installed as I bought my guitar few months back . However , I thought it would fit in but as I try to install it , it 's useless . It 's too short and small that it wiggles as you push it all down . It does n't even hold the ball end of the string.So for you guys out there who owns a yamaha guitar , it wo n't do a thing . So I ended up giving these pins to my friend . I just got nothing out of 14bucks . Im still finding a brass pin that would fit on my Yamaha guitar . I 'm frustrated .
 These pins originally fit nicely with the first string replacement . After that they no longer would hold . They are uselessfor my Martin 000-28 .
 So I got them in on the estimated delivery date which was great ! But when i opened them they really felt like plastic . Then i was like let me just go install them and see . Well when you have to tune the guitar to a higher pitch the pin comes flying out and hit my wall . . Would not recomend this product . Your better off with practice
 The bridge pins in the photo look perfect with a shiny white mop inlay but mine were brown and dull from what looks like glue holding them in place.D ` Andrea Tone Pins Brass Bridge Pin Set , Mother of Pearl
 The taper angle on these is not correct for my Dean , so they did not work as intended .
 Disappointing , line inputs are noisy for a product described as `` high resolution '' with an optical out . I would not recommend this product .
 I bought this with reservation basis the mixed reviews of `` good enough '' and `` sucks '' , and my experience was that it does not reproduce sound quality very well at all . I read about poor sound quality and to `` make sure the ground wire was used '' , but ground wire or no ground wire the input from a good amplified tuner was very poor on the ouput side . In other words it `` sucks '' . I paid $ 28 shipped to my house and tried it a few times in multiple configurations , but in the end , I gave it away . I 'll try again for better sound , and please , I am not an audiophile in any sense . The reproduction is very , very , poor in my experience . I would rather say otherwise , but I ca n't .
 it 'll put sound throughit does everything it sayslow latency and allbut the sound quality is terriblenot usable for even an OK recording
 The output level is so low that for normal listening levels from my receiver , hum can be heard.I have found many others that have had the same complaint , and there does not seem to be any solution other than to use a preamp to raise the signal to achieve a satisfactory s/n ratio . $ 30 is cheap , but money spent on this device is wasted .
 The UCA202 inhibited the use of the recording level bar in my Windows XP operating system . That bar selection was grayed out and not usable . I switched back to my old external sound card -LRB- with one bad channel -RRB- and the slide bar came back . The downloaded driver for the product did not change the problem .
 This unit is not designed to work with Windows XP Media Edition operating system . I contacted tech support and was told this . I was told it would work with XP Home Edition and XP Pro , but NOT Media Edition.I gave this one star so this warning would be noticed.The unit did work fine with Vista Home Edition .
 I got this DAC as an off-board USB audio interface to connect my Mac to a pair ofAudioEngine A2desktop speakers . It worked well for about a year , but started to go bad . It was subtle at first -- a bit of buzzing or crackling . It finally got so bad that I threw this one away and got theEdirol UA-1EX USB Audio Interfaceinstead , which looks very similar but has held up over 2 + years.Spend a bit more money and get a higher quality audio interface .
 The price is right for this device however it really depends on what you plan to use it for . I have had several recording devices over the years and gone through 2 home recording studios . I was looking for something very small and simple to hook to my laptop and capture quick song ideas with multiple tracks . It worked great for single track recording . not the best quality recording but good enough . the problem came when i tried to lay down a second track . the latency was horrible . it 's unusable as a multi-track device . I have ordered the other model UCA222 the ultra low latency version and I hope it works better . I really want to like this device because it is so simple to use . This is just not the device for multi-track recording .
 The interface did n't work well for me . There was a constant buzz no matter how I tried to hook it up . Spend a little more and get a product that will work well . I 'm returning mine !
 Ok I understand it now - I use Abelton Live 8 and thought this would be and easy , read cheap , interface to record some instruments with . WRONG ! I am returning it . It does not work , has no drivers and is not detected on my Mac -LRB- my Mac finds everything -RRB- . Bought the Focusrite unit instead . Got it to work on garage band but latency was miserable and so was hiss on recordings . Save your money and time . Buy the Focusrite interface or one of the others . Yes over $ 100 but you either want feedback , hiss and frustration or you want a smooth interface connection with good resonance . It also lacks 1/4 plug , one rca input , you need an addapter . Not what I thought I was getting - dumb me .
 This unit did a moderate job until it lost the right channel , after which Behringer no longer knows you . Any requests for answers are a useless endeavor . This company needs a better quality control system , and the ability to communicate with users of their products . I do not recommend them for this reason .
 I had high expectations for this device since I had little luck recording with my sound card or microphones an had had sucess with previous Behringer equipment . When I got this device and plugged it in , i noticed horrible buzzing coming from my audio output ... no matter what i did , the buzzing would not go away . Not only is the buzzing annoying , but im in a death metal band , so there has to be distortion on my guitar , and this made my distortion pedal sound like '' tiny computers '' ... like in that Metalacalypse episode . Even when i mixed the sound through my mixer , it sounded like a digitech effects pedal , which im pretty sure everyone tries to avoid . And the fact that you cant plug any old guitar cable in it angers me ...
 The blurb on Amazon said `` Ultra-flexible audio interface connects your instruments , mixer etc. with your computer for recording and playback ... '' and it was $ 30 so I bought one . What the heck , nothing else I 've tried has ever successfully connected my 65 Gibson SG with my PCs -LRB- this PC is running XP . -RRB- Well repeated attempts have failed completely with this little -LRB- plastic , BTW -RRB- box . XP recognises it , but only as an output device . And yeah , I downloaded and installed the drivers from the website , etc. , but trust me
 I 've done many recordings for many years , but all old school . I just could n't seem to get this to work like the old devices . Not user friendly . It might be a good thing for some , but not for me .
 I bought the Behringer UCA-202 hoping to DJ and record with it . It was working fine for about 3 months , then one day it just would n't turn on . Still have n't been able to get the light to turn on or my PC to recognize it is plugged into a USB port . Could use some help . Thanks .
 I got this for effects DJing along with a NUMARK MIXTRACK.You ca n't use this to listen to your headphones and output audio as two separate channels.It does n't require drivers but I found that some software -LRB- TRAKTOR -RRB- will need ASIO4ALL to allow you to use it . Virtual DJ was pretty frustrating also but mainly because of its unrelated instability issues.As far as quality goes , it sounds ok but I have n't had the chance to try it with any high quality monitor or PA system yet.Probably will return it and get a controller with built in audio , like the MIXTRACK PRO .
 Installed this on a WIN7 Pro PC and could not get it to ` work ' Then I uninstalled driver and re-installed Behringer driver . My WIN7 PC died and it took me 20 hours to repair the damage . Be fore-warned . I wanted to throw this piece of # $ @ ^ against the wall but instead returned it to Amazon .
 I 've had a lot of trouble finding a usable device to get a line-in for my laptop . This was my second try , and unfortunately it did not do the job despite my expectations from so many good reviews on amazon . Loud buzzing accompanies every recording . Maybe i 'm doing something wrong , but for me this was not a good buy .
 While the shipping was timely , the product itself is lacking . I suppose I should have gotten a clue from the low price . There 's no way to tell from the picture , that this so called `` hemp '' seems to be nothing more than bright yellow sewing thread , and does not have the sturdiness and thickness of hemp routinely used in piping . I would not order this product again .
 If you are expecting 6 pair of inexpensive sticks like the picture shows , this is NOT what you want . The picture is VERY DECEPTIVE . You will only get one pair of OK sticks . Shame , shame , shame . There are better sticks for less elsewhere and you would get what you thought you were paying for . Not the case here.Very disappointed !
 Mid East means one thing for me , That 's Pakistan . Beware of chanters and bagpipes from the middle east . If you want to learn to play the pipes contact a local Pipe & Drum band , they will be glad to help guide you in the purchase of a quality chanter and provide lessons .
 I bought this harp more for its unusual shape . Upon arrival I was very dissappointed to find that it has no unusual shape , and looks much like any other harp sold on amazon for a lower price . Although it has good sound and quick response it IS NOT anything unusual and the same thing can be purchased at Cracker Barrel for a much cheaper price . Extremly disappointed . I will be making a phone call to the company as soon as the morning comes .
 You get what you pay for with this violin . In other words , it is n't very good . If you want this violin to sound and feel like a violin , you are going to need to put about $ 300 worth of repairs into it . You might as well just slap some rubber bands on a cardboard box , send your kid to music lessons and hope they succeed . Make an investment in a real violin and it will be worth it .
 Personally , i have to say the sticks that i got seems like the fake ones , the paint is really bad and smells really bad too . BAD
 This stick is well balanced , but the paint makes it a nightmare to hold on to ... will not buy another painted stick again ...
 You 'll be lucky if you can get these reeds to work . I bought three of them and none of them worked , the one that worked so-so was very , very difficult to blow . Best to spend the little extra on a quality chanter reed made by a reputable reedmaker .
 Spend what you should and buy a good one . The pickups broke the amp plug broke etc. .
 It would be helpful if the product description identified these as ball end strings or loop . Did n't catch it when I ordered them and these are not the kind I need so now I have to return .
 If your dulcimer uses a ball end string , then the D'Addario J64 is not want you want . A description telling whether strings are , or are not ball end should be added .
 Please do n't do this to your child . Refer to your child 's band director 's preferred instrument list . This thing will be in the shop more than it will be in your child 's hands , I guarantee .
 I have gone through 3 sets strings for my 7-8 year old . These strings , as said in previous review , are difficult to unpack due to the way they are bundled together . Once they are undone , they are just as difficult to put back in the container . Also , only 2 of the strings have consistently broken so I have 3 sets of 4 strings that are left over . Next time I change a string they all get replaced whether they need it or not.If someone knows of an after market brand or a better brand name guitar string manufacturer that reproduces these strings it would be worth a try .
 These strings are for a fixed bridge . I cant get these junky things in tune on my Floyd which is hard enough as it is but these things forget it . Im going to have to break out my expensive pack of Clear Tones or my D'addarios .
 My review is based on one purchase of 3-pack , so this is an account of my personal experience with this particular purchase and not a review based on extensive sampling of the brand . One out of the three reeds in the package was cracked and could not be played at all -LRB- reed case obscured the fault -RRB- , one read was not cut well and will need some work and one reed appeared OK but , after playing it , I found it was much stiffer than indicated strength , so it will require more work . I found such obvious lack of quality control on part of manufacturer appalling . I bought quite of few reeds in the past -LRB- some even without brand names -RRB- and never before I was moved to write a negative review . I will never buy Rico Royal again .
 I 've been using Primo 's for a while and love them but they 're very hard to find.Thought I try these b/c of the good reviews.Very disappointed ... these reeds -LRB- and I tried 7 of the 10 to be sure -RRB- sound like I 'm playing thru a towel ... Muffled & weak.On the upside , I purchased the Rico &#34; plastiCOVER &#34; reeds in the same orderand absolutely love them !!! They last long & provide excellent tone throughoutthe life the reed .
 I never used this brand before i ordered these . They split almost immediately . I went through them way to soon . I was not pleased with this product .
 We got a bad Selmer C Star and sent it back to Selmer Paris . The mouth piece was not right and we had two different accomplished saxophone players tell us this . We sent the C * back to Selmer only for them to say that nothing was wrong with it . We paid too much for something that was defective and Selmer Paris has a bad reputation when it comes to warranty 's -LRB- just Google it and see for yourself -RRB- . We were loaned another C * and the difference is night and day !
 Purchased this product in 2010 . Used it a handful of times . Then , it sat , unplugged from electricity and set up , in an upstairs carpeted room . There were no animals and no kids . Sept , 2012 I plugged it in , turned it on - and the MODULE , the main part , simply WILL NOT WORK . The adapter light is on , so I know the adapter works . I contacted the company OSP - all they could do was OFFER TO SELL ME A NEW MODULE FOR $ 125 . I already paid $ 449.00 for the whole kit originally . So , beware - again , used it about 5 times , took excellent care of it and it NO LONGER WORKS AT ALL . The whole thing turns about to be A WASTE OF MONEY . The amazon seller 7ballmusic has provided good customer service , however all they were able to do was refer me back to the OSP company . Please , DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PRODUCT , nor expect the OSP company to help you out when it stops working with minimal use and excellent care.OSP DD502 DD-502 MKII Digital Electronic Drum Set Kit 215 Voices 20 Preset KitsOSP DD-502 MKII Digital Drum Set.OSP DD-502 Digital Drum Set Control Module Brain
 Good for playing all out . They have no touch or feel . They wo n't make a sound if you tap them softly . The pads wear out very quickly . I wish I 'd paid a few bucks more and gotten a better set .
 El producto no fue de mi satisfacci&oacute;n . Es verdad que es muy econ&oacute;mico , pero de haber sabido lo endeble que era no lo hubiera comprado . Parece un estuche de `` utiler&iacute;a '' , como para usarse en una obra de teatro y no como protecci&oacute;n para un instrumento musical.Aunque suponga una mayor inversi&oacute;n , les recomiendo adquirir un producto con estructura m&aacute;s s&oacute;lida .
 Hi , The mixer is good , is small and convenient , good price.The powercable plug is quite special and delicate , it has little weak pins that in my case bended . Honestly , I didnt push it they are just that bad.No problem you 'd say , buy another power adapter ... well there are none !! there is not a single power adapter anywhere in the world , I dont know why but it seems that they dont produce them anymore.From Behringer directly the power adapter costs 28 USD ! thats more than half the price of the unit so beware!If you already bought , be very careful because this thing is delicate
 ca n't adjust it properly . But sounds ok ! Would not recommend it to anyone . The shipping was great got it in two days and did n't have to pay for faster delivery . Thanks Amazon
 I tried two different of these mixers -LRB- sent one back , and am keeping the other -RRB- , and both give horrible amounts of extra noise on the Mic in plug , especially when using a Condenser mic that requires Phantom Power . I have a different Behringer mixer -LRB- Behringer Xenyx 802 Premium 8-Input 2-Bus Mixer with Xenyx Mic Preamps and British EQs -RRB- that introduces much less noise than this one -LRB- but still not perfect -RRB- . Its a soothing white noise in the treble range for those who like it.All other parts of the mixer works great , line inputs give no noise . Perfect for mixing together two other pieces of equipment -LRB- Guitar , Tape Deck , etc. . -RRB- but not microphones.You get what you pay for , so do n't expect a silent Mic Pre on this one .
 I used the XLR input mainly , I just ca n't work with a device that produces so much noise . I wish I knew that before I bought it , but now you know .
 I bought this mixer a year ago -- I used it as a headphone mixer for my computer workstation.Even though it lived in a low-stress environment , it stopped working after 6 months.I bought a Mackie for $ 100 as a replacement . The Mackie is a much better mixer , the knobs move smoothly and it sounds better .
 The item I recieved from Amazon was shipped from America to Australia , the power adapted that came with it was the wrong one for australian voltage . I recieved the BEHRINGER PSU MX3UL instead of the BEHRINGER PSU MX3EU ... This caused the item 's power adapted to short cirut , and I 'm not sure if there is any problem with the mixer it self , but this should not have happened . It would be greatly appriciated if you could ship the BEHRINGER PSU MX3UL power supply . This was confirmed by a certified electrician.Thanks . Jessie Thiele
 Bought one and the Phones output broke in three months . Replaced it and the same output broke in two months.I 've had enough.John
 This was a gift for a cousin who wanted to just get a signal into his computer for recording . It works just fine for someone starting out , but for someone more experienced , hopefully you 'd already have the brains to not buy from Behringer . They 're not well known for pro-audio like others such as Sennheiser , PreSonus , Focusrite , etc. . They 're for beginners .
 I was looking forward to using this but the seller , Behringer , sent an american power adapter , even though it was being sent to Australia . I contacted Behringer Australia and they said they would send me the correct power adapter . However , I have yet to get it or even hear from them . So poor service and poor after sales service . I have other Behringer equipment and they work brillantly , but you need to buy from Behringer Europe to get what you need .
 Right out of the box , I must say the XENYX 205 's mic preamp has no phantom power . I bought it together with a condenser mic to record some vocals . Now I have to wait until the phantom power source I bought arrives.It is the reason why I 'm giving this unit only one star . Otherwise , it could be a very good portable/entry-level little mixer .
 A mixer is a mixer right ? I got this and used it for a few years with my little recording desk ... I just used it to feed signal from my computer or mbox or ipod or sometimes my pod to my Alesis M1 monitors . I got a bigger desk and was still using the Behringer . One day I needed more inputs and brought out my mackie 1202 . WOW the sound improved SO much !!! I was amazed at how muddy the Behringer was making EVERYTHING I ran through it . I 'm not saying mackies are the best - I 'm sure there 's many other mixes that sound better or as good but I would NOT recommend the behringer to ANYONE .
 i use this mixer for tracks with my band . the only thing i dont really like is that the click always bleeds through the sound system no matter what i pan or tweek on the mixer . does anyone know how to fix this problem ?
 I was very happy with the quality of the sound , low noise , etc. . Very nice engineering . Unfortunately , they got some of the easy stuff very wrong . No on/off switch , as many others have noted . Also , the power supply connector fits very loosely into the mixer and comes out easily in a gig situation -LRB- bumps , floor vibration , etc. -RRB- The connector pins on the power supply connecting into the mixer are unbelievably thin - like some guy worked it up on his breadboard and then just called that the final product . The connector is similar to the old round connectors between a keyboard or mouse to a PC before they all went to USB , only way , way more fragile . -LRB- I never bent one of those in my life . -RRB- So after owning it for 6 weeks , the connector worked loose during a gig , and I lost sound . Which is annoying . But worse , I reached from the front to plug it in -LRB- it plugs into the rear -RRB- and did n't get it in quite straight . I bent one of the paper-thin pins . When I went to straighten it with a tweezers , it broke right off . It 's impossibly thin - I would have to hire a jeweler or something to solder it back on.Of course , it 's a special design and you ca n't go back to Amazon or any store and find a Behringer power supply . So I found a local authorized service center through the Behringer website , but I 'm sure I 'll have to pay as much for that replacement power supply as I did for the whole mixer . In fact , I had to buy a new mixer anyway -LRB- NOT Behringer -RRB- because I had a gig the next -LRB- weekend -RRB- night and could not get a replacement power supply in time . So , I really did pay the price for a new mixer , because I had to actually get a new one . If I want my Behringer to be useful , I 'll have to pay through the nose I 'm sure to get a replacement power supply.Bottom line
 I normally like Planet Waves Accessories , but this Capo will break the first time you grasp it wrong . The spring stalk is flimsy and protruding where it breaks easily .
 This amplifier stand is a great concept and works fairly well , but the plastic locking mechanism -LRB- or bottom nut -RRB- that holds the three legs open and locked into position eventually wears out rendering the stand useless and unusable . It says it can hold up to 75 pounds , and it likely can , but my 45 pound amp eventually rendered the back leg useless -LRB- would no longer lock into position -RRB- and I had to trash the stand .
 This stand broke after a year . I used it for 40-50 gigs with smaller amps -LRB- 18 w Fenders and a Victoria Regal II -RRB- . But then it stopped working -- the back leg would no longer lock , so the stand could n't support an amp . I emailed the company for help and someone called . She sounded familiar with the problem , and said that they could mail me the needed part , if I could drill-out a rivet , replace the part , and then use a rivet gun to put it together again . I do n't have a rivet gun . The only alternative was to return the stand to the company on my dime -- about $ 13 -- so they could decide whether it was a `` manufacturing error '' such that it was `` within warranty . '' Even if it was , she said , they would not reimburse me the $ 13 shipping . The uncertainty , delay and cost is too much . I 'm throwing the stand away and buying one from another company . This is not the `` ultimate '' amp stand . It 's not even a good one .
 I 'm not sure if I just got a bad unit or what , but I could not recommend this amp for any critical listener . I originally ordered it to power the center channel in my home theater -LRB- meaning I was going to run it bridged mono -RRB- but upon hooking it up I realized there was entirely too much noise -LRB- similar to ground loop hum -RRB- . Thinking it was a ground loop issue I tried using a cheater plug along with plugging it into my Furman PL-8C power conditioner -LRB- which seems to destroy any noise from other components -RRB- but had no success . I decided I would try and live with it and went to play a movie . 10 minutes into it I noticed the highs were just extremely harsh and distorted . The noise I maybe could have lived with , but the distortion drew the line for me . At this point I thought maybe re-purposing it to power my rear surrounds in stereo mode instead of bridged mono would solve the issue -LRB- since I know running bridged mono tends to increase THD -RRB- , but again I was disappointed when I was met with the same results.I ended up replacing it with a Dayton Audio APA150 and absolutely love it . Noise is almost decreased to the level of my Crown XLS1500 -LRB- I.E. almost non existent -RRB- and the full frequency range is reproduced faithfully . I was really rooting for this little thing since the price was GREAT for the power output , but as they say , if it looks too good to be true ... If you 're getting this for casual use like ambient music or outdoor party use , by all means go for it , but for a dedicated home theater/music setup , I would avoid at all costs . Just my $ .02 .
 I cant open the small plastic package , I used the scissors to open it , but broke the string.Be careful when opne it .
 It really is short with no built in ability to extend . For desk interviews you have to hunch way over . Pay more for the extra few inches !
 Buyer beware Music 123 belittles A to Z claims . I received my brand new Dean EAB case with large amounts of excess vinyl glue outside and around all the seams . Everything sticks to it dirt , lint , your hands ! what a huge mess ! But the mess only gets dirtier when 123s contact seller link returns failed email contact notifications verified by Amazon . The leave feedback link works but if you reply to the reps email it also fails . What a stonewall setup . Good luck getting any service . I got a whole $ 14 back for my cleaning efforts . I figure way less than minimum wage and the cost of cleaning materials . What a rip off .
 Less than worthless actually . It did n't dampen any sound that I could tell . Guess you could use it as packing material . Anyway ... I was greatly disappointed . Probably the worst purchase I 've ever made on Amazon .
 Picture depicts this as BLACK . Not even dark gray . Pretty pricey for what you get . Can buy green high density foam twice this thick for half this price . But , I did n't want green or gray foam , I wanted black . No recomendations
 I was happy with this pedal until it just stopped working one day , almost five months exactly from day I ordered it . It completely stopped sustaining notes , pressing on it had no effect . I checked over and over again to make sure it was plugged in and everything . I practice 30-45 minutes a day , I did n't use it every single day but pretty often . I 'm disappointed , I thought it would last longer . Instead of ordering another one , I went with the M-Audio SP-2 which so far is working just fine . Hopefully I wo n't be on here again saying the same thing about that one .
 My church 's original Kurzweil sustain pedal finally gave up after many years of heavy use , so we turned to this pedal as a replacement.It worked for about two weeks , then the staff began complaining of intermittent failures . Within another two weeks , it failed completely . We replaced it with a Roland DP-10 -LRB- awesome pedal , highly recommended -RRB- , while the FC4 went on a shelf in the office.Fast-forward several more months . Tinkerer that I am , I `` rediscovered '' it on the shelf , and removed the cover to examine it . It turns out that the pedal failed because one of the wiring connections had NO SOLDER at all ... the twist in the bare wire was the only thing holding it together . I 'm amazed it lasted as long as it did!As a result , I really ca n't recommend this pedal for professional use .
 I 'm sure this is an effective sustain medal but it does NOT work with a Casio keyboard . As I read searched online I eventually found others who have said this , but I did n't find anything on Amazon stating not to get this pedal if you have a Casio . The polarity is switched and there 's no way to change it . Others on Amazon said to plug it in the keyboard then turn on the keyboard to change polarity , but that did n't work for me . After reading , others obviously had this problem as well . I 'm hoping to save people the effort of having to return this like I did .
 I actually read and appreciated all of the reviews posted here before ordering this sustain pedal for my Yamaha keyboard and was convinced that it would be what I needed . When it arrived I was pleased with the weight and feel of the pedal.Unfortunately , like another reviewer 's experience , my pedal worked exactly backward ... the sustain is always `` on '' until the pedal is depressed.I could understand the possibility of this happening if I was trying to use this pedal on a keyboard built by a different manufacturer , but both the keyboard AND the pedal were the Yamaha brand.I 've chalked up this experience to bad luck this time ... and have ordered another Yamaha pedal from Amazon . I will return to post a review of the next outcome .
 I had to return this item because it would n't work with my piano . It states in the description that it is for all pianos but it worked backwards on mine . It should have a polarity switch like most other models .
 I 've had to return this item twice now because it sustains notes when the pedal is not depressed and does not sustain when pedal is depressed . I have a casio keyboard and I do n't know if that has anything to do with it , but I have n't been pleased with this purchase .
 Granted , I 'm a stupid consumer , but I assumed manufacturers would use the same signal-conventions for a simple accessory like a sustain pedal . I was wrong.I gave this product a 2-star rating only because it did n't work with my piano , but the FC4 seemed like a very nice pedal -LRB- very sturdy ! -RRB- . It had the opposite signal needed for my Casio CDP-100 -LRB- opposite meaning the Yamaha is ` open contacts on sustain ' , and the Casio wants the contacts closed on sustain -RRB- . So , owners of non-Yamaha pianos beware ! Confirm that your piano will work with this pedal before buying.For my Casio , I bought an M-Gear SP-2 Sustain Pedal . It 's working fine , and seems to have the same look-and-feel as the Yamaha .
 I was quite enthusiast about buying this Yamaha sustain pedal for my Yamaha keyboard but like others on this page , The sustain is on when my foot is off it and off when I press my foot down to turn it on . They should send it out with a repair model or recall these . At any rate , I have to go to the trouble of returning it like the other buyers . Very disappointing . Surprised at Yamaha .
 Obviously the item shipped to me was wired incorrectly and they do n't make them ALL like this - or else the other reviews would be bad . The pedal shipped to me has crossed wires . With no pedal pressed , the sustain is ON , with the pedal pressed , the sustain is OFF . Totally backwards . I am mostly annoyed because i got the super -LRB- slow -RRB- saver shipping and waited two weeks to get a crappy pedal that i have to ship back - and then wait another few weeks . Yay .
 After much research and testing , I decided to buy this Yamaha FC4 Sustain pedal to accompany my Casio PX-330 keyboard . I opened it up , plugged it in , hit middle C and the keyboard speakers filled with rich reverberation ; only problem is that I was n't stepping on the sustain pedal . Every time I pressed on the sustain pedal , it would act in reverse and cut the sustain . Likewise when I released the pedal , the sustain would resume through every note played , but with no control of how much sustain . I researched for different ways of solving this problem where I concluded it could be a wiring problem -LRB- possibly out of phase -RRB- , or even an incompatibility issue with my keyboard . Needless to say , I decided to opt out and return it . I 'm using the meager , but effective , Casio sustain pedal that comes with the PX-330 . It 's doing every thing I need it to , therefore I 'll try a new sustain pedal when it bites the dust .
 i was looking for a replacement pedal for my Yamaha DD-55 drum machine . according to the Yamaha Corp. website , either the Yamaha FC4 or FC5 pedals will function for the Hi-Hat/Pedal 2 . but when i took it home and plugged it into the machine , it did n't work :-LRB- however , i 'll give it 2 stars since the pedal works beautifully with my Yamaha keyboard -- as good as the one i already have , which only cost me $ 9.99 . so i 'm returning the FC4 while i continue to search for what i need . i realize the DD-55 is has been discontinued for a while , but i was quite disappointed to find misinformation on the Yamaha website about their products .
 It slips on a tile floor . Bought similar pedal with switch that also slips but put non-skid material under it .
 The product information states that it is for electronic keyboards that have a sustain jack . Well , mine does . Hence this pedal should work for me ! Right?NO SO !! It does the reverse polarity thing that you will find in a lot of these reviews and all over the net . None of the fixes work . What a waste of time and money shipping this back and forth when compatibility information posted with the item listing would have avoided the issue . Very disappointing .
 This tuner is a good idea but poorly executed . I used it for violin . The worst thing about it is that it uses up relatively small and expensive CR2032 batteries -LRB- 2 at a time -RRB- very quickly . I did n't get many tunings out of a new set of batteries . Hard to believe ; perhaps it drains the batteries even when off . It certainly seems that way . It is also a very slow responder . You can check finger positions only if you play scales very slowly . Suggest you look for a tuner that uses AA or AAA batteries with clip-on tuner pickup . This tuner is headed for the trash.Since writing this I 've heard from the company
 This tuner came with part of an electric violin set I got , but after using it , I would not recommend this item to anyone . It is a complete waste of money . The batteries only last me a few tunings before dying , often at the most inopportune time , and I do n't tend to carry 2 backup batteries as they 're rather expensive . If the batteries would last more than a handful of tunings , this would be perfect , but you 'd be better off investing your money into a quality item .
 I used this tuner for about a day and a half and the little blue grippers fell off . I tried to put them back on to no avail . I tried to replicate their purpose with duct tape . No go . The thing would n't stay on my horn . Wish I had my money back .
 This is very difficult to use - not ready out of the box - need to probably get other cords , etc. to connect to computer/speakers - more complicated than I was lead to believe
 I so wanted to like these speakers , I listened to them extensively , among with other speakers of the same price tag , before I bought them and they were clearly the winners . I bought a pair along with 2 Mogami Gold TRS calbes , about $ 50 dollars a cable , good stuff . When the speakers arrived I plugged them in and as soon as I connected the speaker cable -LRB- 6ft -RRB- to them I started listening to radio ! I didnt even connect them to my audio interface -LRB- Audio Kontrol 1 from Native Instruments no less -RRB- . I could listen clearly to a radio station . I thought that the Mogamis were defective and switched them around but both speakers had the same problem with different cable configurations . I was devastated . I looked on the web and sure enough other people have complaints about the poor shielding of this speaker . And it is not any ground loops since the minute I remove the speaker cable there is no humming noise and they are super silent . After reading some articles I started some shielding experiments with aluminum foil and to my surprise I made the following discovery . When there is an electrical connection through the foil from the push pin of the XLR/TRS combo jack in the back of the speakers with one of the little switches in the back of the speaker the interference goes away . Wow ! I cant believe that KRK didnt do its homework shielding these great speakers properly . I have read on the web that some people have actually opened them up and installed tin foil along the sides of the speakers . I am not sure I am going to go that far . I am calling KRK and see what they have to offer as a solution but most probably I am returning them back . Such a same . The sound is really great , so much clarity and punch out of these speakers but the interference problem is really intolerable .
 Item is a waste of money , First off It came with Torq 1.0 its old and does n't work with windows 7 ! Second When i ordered an upgrade on Avid 's website I wasted another 80 dollars on Torq 2.0 because it would not activate properly , You have to purchase Torq 2.0 full version -LRB- over 200 $ -RRB- , If your network settings change even a little then your registration is canceled and you have to enter a new key they claim to give you 3 but they gave me 2 . did not work , then trial mode ends and you can not use it at all ... so i paid 450 dollars for a toy i played with twice , Overall i give it a 1/10 for lack of support , By the way Torq 1.0 is the worst DJ software i have seen in years , And Avid has way too much control over the software .
 All I really have to say about this product is that it 's extremely unreliable . While using both my own personal Xponent and the same one that belongs to my college 's radio station , I 've experienced countless problems . When everything actually works , it is a very fun unit although it is limited . The controller maps constantly have to be reset , as they unexpectedly seem to change themselves , and often the entire map will go out , requiring a software reboot , which may not even fix the problem . I have experienced these problems running the Xponent with Torq 1.5 as well as Torq 2.0 , on both a power mac and macbook pro . I would only recommend as a beginners unit , and that 's if the user would be knowledgeable enough to be able to fix all the problems Torq causes . It 's alot of fun , but sorry ... wont be keeping this for long.EDIT
 I read the reviews , good and bad and decided to try it any way.Im running a newer version 13 `` macbook pro ,8 gig ram.Right out of the box , nothing but trouble with getting the play buttons to work on the exponent , they would work in torq , but not on the unit . Then i updated to the newest version and it worked , then crashed and started reprogramming it self . The pitch knob would all of the sudden become the play button and everything would switch around.To stop it you reset the midi default.I figured that out and managed to use it with all sorts of glitches and crappy sound quality for about a month.Then the left channel all of the sudden is like 40dbs quieter for some reason and also stopped saving my itunes playlist 's order for some reason.It 's built like crap , sounds like junk , works sometimes.If you want a stable platform for djing , this is NOT the machine.Im selling this piece and kicking my self for buying it .
 Never got through one DJ gig without this thing screwing up . The midi mapping seems to change for no reason as you 're using it . This thing lists for $ 799 on m-audio 's web site . It is no wonder why it now sells for $ 200 .
 Hello , I 'm really frustrated because I just bought M-Audio Torq Xponent and since in the description it says it works with Mac I bought it . I got it and I ca n't get my Mac to recognize the device because it 's not compatible with ALL of OS 's versions , specifically the latest one which is 10.7.4 . You should specify this to customers , now I do n't know what to do .
 I bought one of these back last month . I was very excited having seen all the hype about it . In the end I ended up returning it and very disappointed and furious with M-Audio 's non existent tech support.First off this will not play nice with the M-Audio Fast Track Pro external USB Sound Catd . You might wonder why I was using this when the Xponent has its own internal sound card . Plain and simply the internal card in the Xponent -LRB- after reading many reviews other places -RRB- was the most complained about feature . The internal card does not have good sound quality you will be embarassed if you were to use it 's internal card to play a gig . It skips , drops sound in and out and when mixing two tracks starts to have stuttering sound issues and other audio defects in the sound . The fast track pro and Xponent are incompatible . They both use the same driver for the USB function which is the RTF DM driver . If you load the Fast Track it kills the Xponents driver if you load the Xponent it kills the Fast Track Driver.When you fire up Torq and have the Xponent connected to the Fast Track Pro and the Fast Track is on Torq will say it did not detect an M-Audio device -LRB- this is the DRM built into the program -RRB- . If you turn off the Fast Track Pro Torq will launch but you have no sound since your plugged into the Fast Track for sound and it is turned off . If you turn it on once you are in Torq then Torq freezes . M-Audio tech support just kept telling me it should work and kept referring me to their FAQ 's . The tech support is terrible these guys know nothing and read from scripts and knowledgebases.I decided to connect the Xponent directly to the my M-Audio AV40 's -LRB- which have good sound -RRB- and the Xponent worked I had sound . However as soon as I tried to mix tracks I noticed issues with the sound . Within 15 minutes the right channel on the Xponent died . I tried resetting it turning it on and off and got nothing . No audio level meter and no sound from the right channel . The left channel still had sound but the right channel was dead . After all of this I returned everything . I told M-Audio I would do so if they could not fix the problem . They did n't care , they offered no solutions and just canned response apologies.Also if you want support their automated system requires a support code and acts as a gate keeper . You get one free support incident when you buy any of their products -LRB- just one for use with one issue -RRB- after that you have to purchase a support code . Their is no way to talk to anyone without one the system requests that you input your support code when you select technical support . If you select sales you will get a voicemail message and never get your call returned -LRB- I tried that route as well to try to get a manager -RRB- . This I find not only very offensive but also after just spending $ 599.00 they only give me one free incident ? I previously also owned their XSession Pro `` Mixlab '' which after all of this happened I decided to go back to it . I originally ordered the Fast Track to work with my XSession Pro but it did n't work with it because of driver issues . So After I found the XSession would n't work with it i decided I wanted a bigger better Dj Controller and ordered the Xponent . Many people were saying the sound card in the Xponent was junk I held onto the Fast Track pro to use with the Xponent not knowing their would be a compatibility issues with that as well.After installing the fast Track Pro 's drivers my XSession Pro quit working on my Vista PC . M-Audio told me that while the controller -LRB- The X Session Pro -RRB- would work in Vista 64 bit however , Torq LE would not they said this came from the engineers of the software . If you look at this video here you will see it does work in Vista Go to the 4:24 mark in this video -LRB- warning
 I 've used this controller for years and always loved it , despite the tendency of the software to crash in the middle of a set , causing an extremely embarassing 2-3 minute stop in the music while the poor DJ struggled to get the machine back up and running . I 've seen it happen on at least 2 occasions at public and private parties where the DJ was using an Xponent . I would be very nervous about using this controller in front of more than 5-10 people.Supposedly the new 2.0 version of the software is less buggy -LRB- maybe -RRB- but it does n't matter because now they 've intentionally created an even worse problem for the software
 I do n't know if they sent me a wrong one , but the label does say it is a classical model.but the case is way too big for my classical guitar ! it fits my acoustic dreadnought body perfectly.I 'm sending mine back for a refund
 I specifically ordered the acoustic guitar case and they sent me an electric guitar case ! I am not happy as I have an acoustic guitar which does not fit in the case !
 I bought one Alesis Playmate last year and had to return it right away , as it was n't working properly right out of box . It was replaced by another one , which started to malfunction after only 7 months . The product would sometimes rapidly change keys by itself when playing CD 's and sometimes would not start playing the CD unless turned off and on . Since it was under warranty , I brought it to the service center , who could not recreate the problem , saying that they could n't fix it if it was n't broken , despite my protests . Alesis refused to replace the unit , even though it was less than a year old . I am now stuck with an inferior , malfunctioning piece of equipment .
 I ordered this product two week ago . I was so excited to try it out but when I opened the box and set everything up . It would not read any of my cd 's ;o{ Now I am stuck and have to wait till Alesis fix the problem which can take another month .
 These mics sounds great , but they 're unusable with the supplied rim mount . Whenever you hit the drum , the mic will wobble back and forth , about an inch each way . I ca n't believe they released this mic with this mount . It really is ridiculous .
 Its a beautiful flute , great tone.Good case -LRB- the sticker is easily removed , if you wanted to know -RRB- , came with a pair of gloves a bit small for me but it was nice to see . Also had some grease for the flute.Has the rod and cloth.Contacted Austin Bazaar and they said to contact them with the order number and your name then they would honor the warrenty.Had little peices of plastic that needed to be removed in between the keys so that they did n't get hurt in shipping , which is nice knowing someome somewhere took the time to do . ** EDIT ** Unfortanitly the company will not honor any purchase made on Amazon.com.I have contacted them before with my questions and they did n't care . Then when I need to have it fixed its `` we will not deal with Amazon.com purchases since it was `` fulfilled '' by Amazon .
 I have seen these these harps in stores . I am a harp player . The quality on them is very inconsistant . There a few few lucky one that have gotten useable instruments , but for the most part the are decorative only . There are several good harps available from quality manufactures for just a bit more money . Look at Harpsicles , Dusty strings or if you are handy - Music Makers - they sell kits to build your own -LRB- you can also get pre-made -RRB- and are quality instruments . A lot of the enjoyment you get from playing is having an instrument that sounds good . If you are constantly have to struggle to keep it in tune - you wo n't play it . Do yourself a favor - steer clear .
 Bought this 5 months ago . Drum sounds are superior for this price range , however that is damped by poorly designed hardware . Example
 The Irish Rosewood Flute is beautiful to look at but not that easy to play . The E note is particularly weak and whispy sounding and the tuning is not very good from note to note . I find I have to make a lot of note by not adjustment to play something in tune . I pretty much have stopped playing the Irish Rosewood Flute , but did not return it because I enjoy the look of it where it rests in my study .
 this company has variable quality flutes . low d is hard to get out - a common complaint and a huge failing in an irish music intended instrument .
 We have used this product for just over 1 year in our church . Two of the inputs are dead . The effects section is dead . The EQ is not behaving properly -LRB- for example , when setting the selection switch so that one set of EQs is for the monitor and the other is for main , only the right speaker comes on , so we are forced to configure the EQs as left/right -RRB- . The feature set is nice for the price , but not if everything starts failing right after the 1 year warranty is up .
 SEPTEMBER 2011 . Over the past three years I have purchased two of this equalizers . Both have developed the identical problem
 I received this case as a gift . I own an Ashley harp . It is a nice case , but unfortunately , it is too small . The zipper broke almost immediately when I tried to fit it around the harp . I was really disappointed , but I still tried to use it anyway . I taped it shut with duct tape . However , the case was still so tight that I broke one of my levers .
 No power right out of the box . Same problem another reviewer had . Unlike him , I 'm not messing around opening the thing up . They obviously have quality issues . Going back to my Voodoo Labs Pedal power . Otherwise it accommodates a bunch of pedals and seems very sturdy .
 I got this item , and was surprised at how big and heavy it was . It is very large , and does n't seem to accommodate very many pedals . It is also considerably heavy to carry when * empty * . Once I tried to get it setup , I was angry to find out that there is n't any clearance to leave standard sized wall warts plugged into the unit , and close the case . On top of all this , you 'd think that the power supply would be adequate right ? Nope . With only 4 9V pedals plugged in , I found my EH Cathedral unit to start dropping out from being underpowered . I switched to a pedaltrain board and a Godlyke power supply , and I am 100 % happier . Too bad I wasted money and time on this piece of junk .
 i reread the discreption and it was correct but you should put youth childs or kindergarden . its worthless to my band sounds like what it is a toy .
 These tambourines are in horrible condition . They look as though they were soaked in grease before shipment . I am very disappointed with this product and Amazon for selling such a product . However , I did receive the items in a timely manner . I have scheduled a return of these items .
 Not so hot . Spend a little more and get something that sounds better . You 'll probably be disappointed if you buy this .
 CP Single Row Tambourine , 10 InchesI bougth the new one and they sent me a used and BROKED Tambourine.They shipped in one day but the Tambourine is used and broked , once i bougth a new one!Do not buy that !
 i recently bought pacific digital 's drumxtreme with all intentions of using this product as a beginner 's tool . i hate to say that i am dissapointed with it though . for starts , the software that comes with it hardly works , meaning the `` music game , etc. '' does n't work , so therefore one can not play along with music . all it basically does is let you bang on the drums and try to figure out things for yourself . so why not get real drums instead ? this product promises a good beginner 's experience but does not deliver it . the sound is not good quality , and the toms are barely audiable . not to mention that this model does n't come with a hi hat pedal , leaving the beginner to use their arm - which complicates things in the beginning and could leave one frustrated . sure , there are other models that offer this , but for one who is on a budget and just looking to begin drums , this one seems like the best bet . i personally wish i would 've kept my money and used it on real drums instead , which i am going to have to do now . so save yourself the trouble , if you want to begin - begin on real drums and get the real experience , dont be fooled by this product .
 Initially pretty happy with this purchase for my son . Better feel than electronic drum pads , and he could play with headphones . Unfortunately , drum unit died after just a few months . I tried contacting vendor 's -LRB- Pacific Digital -RRB- customer support . But they will not answer . -LRB- Pacific Digital itself appears to be OEMing these for some unknown Asian manufacturer . -RRB- Went on to Pacific Data 's `` Live Support '' -LRB- chat -RRB- feature on their Web site , but it is in fact off-line . I had bought these at pre-rebate price and even ordered upsell kit from vendor Pacific Digital . Now we 're left with $ 400 doorstop , and we 're obvously extremely disappointed . ...
 Do not buy !!!! This item had potential . The rack mount is good and the setup was fairly easy but the lack of customer support from PD makes it almost useless . The interface software included with the kit is just plain awful !!! For the low price I was n't expecting much , but believe me , I got even less than expected .
 This kit sounds like a giant hunk of poo . Lack of accessories and believable patches make it hard to even practice with .
 THIS GUITAR DOES NOT RETAIL AT $ 1,200.00 and should be corrected by the vendor . False information to lead buyers into thinking they are getting a great offer . You can pick this guitar up for the price listed at many different shops , either online or local . DO NOT PURCHASE based off of the listed retail price ! This guitar is good for beginner/intermediate players .
 The lid of this violin case would not close over the bridge of any of my violins -LRB- I have 3 -RRB- . To force it would of course have broken the fiddle . The soft lining inside the case was rough and hard and scratchy in places . The lids of the accessory pockets came out of their sockets and had to be reinserted after they were opened . The whole thing was certainly worth no more than $ 55 -LRB- if that -RRB- . Except the canvas exterior , it was cheap and rickety . I emailed the seller with my first complaint -LRB- that the lid would not close -RRB- and asked for a refund . I was offered an upgrade . I do n't know whether he meant for me to pay the difference or whether he was offering it free . -LRB- Naive , are n't I. -RRB- I refused because I had already bought a new case . I did not want this one . Again I asked for my money back . All of it . The case was defective and it was not my fault . The upshot . This whole fiasco cost me a little over $ 27 -LRB- shipping both ways -RRB- . Amazon said yesterday it was putting the price of the case back on my VISA . I will never again buy anything from a seller on Amazon . This is the 3rd time I 've been cheated . Amazon rescued me once -LRB- the mdse simply never came -RRB- . I cut my losses and kept yet another defective violin case after exchanging it once and getting another one with the same problem - a hygrometer that does n't work . And then this thing . One note about the $ 27 in shipping I was bilked out of . There is a fine cake of rosin I want -LRB- at a violin store -RRB- . It costs $ 22 . Shipping is $ 6 -LRB- their minimum -RRB- . $ 1 and what I lost on this violin case would pay for it . I do n't know whether I 'll buy it or not . One word on behalf of the seller who responds quickly and writes very polite emails . He did not charge me the `` 15 % restocking fee '' he threatens people with returns with . I think that would have cost me about another $ 8 .
 Bought the Kelly 3C in `` Crystal Clear '' not quite two years ago . The sound is great and it is comfortable on the lips . Unfortunately , about a week ago , I noticed that the shank is starting to crack vertically from the end . It seems to be traveling up the moutpiece , and now , it 's almost a half inch long now . I thought that the Lexan plastic was supposed to be be fairly indestructable , unless you abuse the mouthpiece -LRB- drop it , crush it , etc. -RRB- . There 's not a scratch or abrasion on it . I would n't have thought that normal playing would do this . I guess we 'll see how good the warranty is , but the replacement cost is $ 10 , which seems high for a manufacturer 's defect . Do n't know if I 'll bother with it , or just go back to a traditional metal one . I 've never seen those mouthpieces exhibit this kind of behavior .
 I am not really sure what I expected when I ordered this mouthpiece , I had never heard or seen a plastic mouthpiece so I decided I would give it a try . I thought it would have been made a little bit more solidly ... from the moment you pick it up it has a very lightweight cheap feel . Also the rim is very narrow , if you are player that uses too much mouthpiece pressure -LRB- like me -RRB- you will definitely feel this mouthpiece sinking into your chops . There are much better ways to learn to reduce your mouthpiece pressure .
 What exactly is being sold , here ? A cowbell or a practice pad ? Or both ? I would be afraid to order this , and not know what to expect in the mail .
 Generally happy with this brand -LRB- I own many APC items -RRB- . However , this particular unit had a defective plug that the phone line plugs into . Vanns , the reseller , would not replace or take the unit back as I did not notice the problem until a few days outside the 15 day return window . It was a very disappointing experience .
 Everytime I used the wall switch the power filter tripped . This is a brand new custom home about a year old . I use several other line conditioners from APC and other makers and have no problems with any of them . APC claims that it trips due to voltage irregularites but the one I used to replace it does n't act the same way ????
 I have one of these for my flute . I bought this for travel poropese because I was always at school , parades , church and in and out of the airport . It is very soft and not well protected . The flute head does not fit well in it and has to be `` Shoved '' in to fit . If you have a B foot it wo n't fit or you have to put it on the outside pouch . THe pouch held pencils and maybe a phone , but on this product the lining does not last . Mine ripped in like a monoth . It is also way bigger than the normal flute case and sometimes in the way , it it 's not a dead give away that it 's a flute . The nice pretty colors usually cost 10-15 Dollars more ... I would n't recommend it , because you will have to replace it in the near future .
 We had a bit of trouble tuning the harp , and probably overtightened it in the process , as the string `` popped '' within the first 10 minutes of use . My advice
 The picks do n't stay in very well . I do n't even trust my pics in it at home , much less if I was jumping around a stage . Get some duct tape or something .
 The Rovner 1M is for a metal alto sax or a slim tenor sax mouthpiece , not a clarinet ! Fix your listing !
 I bought 2 of these to check the room temp/humidity and the temp/humidity in my guitar case . I was always puzzled by the wide variation in the humidity reading so I replaced both batteries and left them side by side for a few days . They consistently read a difference of more than 10 % for the humidity reading.They are advertised as digitally accurate-they are not .
 If you are serious about playing castanets these are not the right thing to purchase . I 've learned it 's not an expense you can forgo by bargain hunting . If you are just looking for a prop they will do . They are pretty big and hard to play . The right one is not notched and they sound pretty much the same so you ca n't tell which hand is which . Needless to say , they do n't sound right at all . Definitely a waste of money for the earnest student .
 Made a mistake on this purchase . Decided to save a little money over a high quality leather strap . The edge of this strap is very irritating on your neck . A bass can get heavy after a few hours , and this strap will scrape your neck until it is very red and irritated . Not a good design .
 this item is totally different from what the picture shows ... it has no wheels , it has one handle on each side instead of two per side . and its not big enough to be a 10 space rack -LRB- at least not for the size amps i have -RRB-
 After awaiting three weeks for this item , when it arrived , I was surprised to received something I did n't ordered . After following the steps to try to return it and obtain the right item , five weeks later am still stock with it . The Vendor seems to ignore my claims . I do n't have the Deep Carpeted Pro Rack or my money back.Be careful when ordering this item , is not a $ 20 piece . Their return policies are not honored when you submit a claim , they do n't care about their customers at all and it is a complete RIPOFF !!!!!
 This amp gets high marks for form and low marks for function . It is portable and light . My father-in-law joked that it looked like I was carrying a car battery around the house when I traveled from room to room with it . From the first day , though , I was never happy with its ability to reproduce low notes . Even at moderate volume , they were putting too much stress on the speaker and sounding quite pitiful . When I hooked my mp3 player into it to play guitar along to a backing track , it cut out and sounded terrible.I bought the amp to practice , playing mostly in a small bedroom at low to moderate volumes , so I do n't think I was being unreasonable in how I expected the amp to perform . Roland should have put a bigger speaker in it . I 'm returning it . As an alternative , I 've been using by VOX headphone amp piped through an iHome mini speaker . This is a smaller option that works just fine for small room practice sessions and a cheaper alternative to the Roland headache-in-a-box .
 This item is as advertised . However , it is very small . It is very hard to read . I will need to buy a magnifying glass to see the chords I chart .
 The picture shows the baton as having a white stem , but the one I received is wooden . The grip is a pretty color but the stem matches the walls in my band room and our gymatorium , so the students have a hard time seeing the baton . I need white !
 This was the first time ordering a replacement head for my Remo tunable Djembe . I measured the playing surface of my drum which measured 12inches , so that is what i ordered ; however when I tried to install the replacement head it was too small . I 'm guessing a 13-14inch head to compensate for the side walls of the drum . Well when I contacted the seller for return/exchange they replied with '' Mr. Harrison we regret to inform you that our drum heads are non returnable ! Lesson learned ... I will never be doing business with this seller again . I have been buying from amazon for years and this is my first bad experience , so I guess I 'm doing alright : -RRB-
 i actually got this from audiohollics a little under a month back . I was going to just get a regular surge supressor for my new home theater setup in my bedroom but decided to get one of these since they were on sale . The work in the bedroom this is going into is taking longer than it should so i figured i should test it out . I pluged it in the spare bedroom im sleeping in and it does n't seem to work right . It only has a 32 '' tv , a ps2 , and laptop plugged into it and it seems to randomly turn itself on and off for several minutes . as if its overloading or something over and over again . I checked the outlet , I double checked that the polarity was n't reversed , that the neutral wire was fine , and that the ground was ok.It all checked out . Either this things a giant piece of junk or i have a defective one . Either way , unimpressed . Im going to try to send it back since im almost at the 30 days
 I bought this APC device and did n't get the opportunity to use it immediately due to a move . Unfortunate for me ! By the time I got it set up and working , I was out of my return window . The device would randomly reset itself . Recently , the power button broke , and now I have to lean on the button as hard as I can to get the unit to turn on , but the moment I let go , it turns back off . I rarely write reviews , but with only one other review on this device , I felt I should say something to be sure NOBODY buys this thing . I ended up just ordering a Belkin surge protector for far less , and I have not noticed any differences in the quality of A/V from my stereo receiver , plasma tv , blu-ray player , or xbox360 . Do n't buy this device .
 Ordering online is normally a great experience , unless the product is defective . Then you rely on the return process . Well what a painful experience we had . The Barcus Berry clamp on bridge came with the wrong parts . We could connect it to the violin bridge but the mounting hardware for the 1/4 '' plug was not properly matched . Basically the threaded tightener was a different thread size than the screws -LRB- shown in bottom left of the picture -RRB- It took several weeks to get my full refund processed . During the process , MusicianVIP told me that they had several Barcus Berry 3100 's come back and that they were all being shipped back to Kentucky . They said I would have to wait . After several emails , I asked for a full refund which took TOO long . They also suggested that the Barcus is n't as good as a Fishman.The whole process from receiving the product to getting my money back took over a month.I had also communicated by email with Barcus Berry directly . Send them an email and you get a reply saying that they do n't check email often.I give it a 1 because the product arrived new and unusable , the reseller seems to be getting a number of returns , and I was n't impressed with Barcus Berry .
 I usually do my homework and read reviews from real people before buying anything , I do n't know what got into me this time , full moon ??? I bought this and it seemed ok in the store , but the other reviews have it right
 Does n't register hardly anything , it feels cheaply made , and I literally threw it away upon realizing that it did n't work worth a damn . Do not buy .
 I thought I could plug in my headphones and use the metronome but NOPE . The tuner works like any other tuner . The metronome has diffrent settings but ca n't hear them cuz I ca n't plug in my headphones . It 's kind of hard to hear over live drums .
 the tuner part of this is okay . as another user mentioned , it works best in a quiet room . also works well if you plug directly into the guitar output.the metronome is junk . even on new batteries after prolonged use it shuts off . it is quiet . the only plus side is that you can set it easily .
 This unit is a servicable tuner , and metronome , but you can do better in both departments for sure.I find it useless for acoustic guitars if there is any background noise . Even just a TV on with normal volume nearby seems to prevent it from getting a clean read.The metronome is annoying because of the lack of volume , and the fact that it 's plays an electronic tone instead of clicks . Not a good idea.Metronomes should click . . click click click click ...
 For the price I 've seen better ... it really is n't all it 's cracked up to be and the construction of it is just wrong ... plastic ? Really ? I took it back and got something better .
 I was very disappointed in this tuner . Even alone in a room with no other noise , it is hard to tune my instrument . I have to pluck the string several times before it will even register , whether it is in tune or not.Boss TU-80C Chromatic Tuner & Metronome
 Works great in a quiet room . When I used it at a performance at a pub the ambient noise renders the tuner useless . Even with a plug-in clip-on mic on the instrument it did not register the note reliably . When this happened I would borrow a Yamaha TD-10 from my guitarist which worked great w/o a plug-in mic . I 've since sold the TD-10 and bought a new Yamaha TD-10 , which is sadly discontinued .
 Like the title says , I found this at my local Guitar Center , and thought I 'd kill 2 birds with 1 stone and get a tuner and metronome together . The tuner works fine , but if you are honestly going to use the metronome , GET SOMETHING ELSE . This thing is way too quiet and there 's no way to fix it .
 One of the most annoying things when using the TU-80 as a metronome is the way you have to select the tempo . You 'd assume this would be the number one function on a metronome , but no , you have to push the `` select '' button three times before you can change the tempo
 This tuner is alright . It works best in quiet environment . I used this tuner to help when tuning my acoustic guitar . I exchanged it for another tuner . Now I regret it . Sometimes I have to pluck the strings especially the high e several times to get it to register . I was confused with how to use the metronome . It had things like 0/4 1/4 etc. . I did n't get that . The metronome was strange because it did not display time signatures . Also the beep sound was unusual for a metronome .
 I 'm usually a big fan of the BOSS company and their products . I have one of their more advanced metronomes -LRB- Dr. Beat -RRB- and used to have their smaller metronome -LRB- DB-55 I think -RRB- before I left it backstage at the Library of Congress . Even though I usually avoid products that are both Tuners and Metronomes because they rarely deliver two good products in one , I went with this because I thought it 'd be better . The Metronome is USELESS . WHY ? Because there is no volume control whatsoever . The worst thing is that the volume that the metronome sounds is like a little toy soldier beating his mini baton on his mini stand . It 's so soft that it 's embarrassing that they even incorporated it . The tuner function seems decent although I have n't used it extensively .
 Barely acceptable . Not consistent at all , poor cane quality - that being said , when you get a good one -LRB- perhaps 10 % -RRB- , they sound great . at least they 're cheap !
 Barely acceptable . Not consistent at all , poor cane quality - that being said , when you get a good one -LRB- perhaps 10 % -RRB- , they sound great . at least they 're cheap !
 Barely acceptable . Not consistent at all , poor cane quality - that being said , when you get a good one -LRB- perhaps 10 % -RRB- , they sound great . at least they 're cheap !
 Like the other reviewer , the one I received would not load a CD . This was a Christmas gift request , but we are sending it back and plan to shop for another brand .
 The first one I received would not accept a CD . It would not go in the slot at all . I returned it via Amazon and the next one worked.The CD player did function , pitch control worked , etc. . Kind of hard to figure out the controls though . Not well designed.Then , this one started skipping with almost all cds , and doing funny things . Taking really long to load , etc. . This was after about 3 months of moderate use . -LRB- 3-4 hours a day . -RRB- I would not recommend it . Not worth the trouble .
 the strings came fast but the B and the E string came pre broken im not sure what happened maybe a factory error these are great strings just make sure you check them right away
 I 've been changing strings for years on my guitars . Three strings broke from the new EB super slinky . I replaced the broken strings with old EB super slinks . Thank heavens I did n't try to cut them off .
 Barely acceptable . Not consistent at all , poor cane quality - that being said , when you get a good one -LRB- perhaps 10 % -RRB- , they sound great . at least they 're cheap !
 Buy this if you want to develop scoliosis . There is no way to adjust it to make it comfortable to play unless you have no neck . Lee Oskar makes a great holder for 10 holes that is easy to adjust into a comfortable position . You may have to bend it a bit -LRB- everyone 's frame is different so do n't let that put you off -RRB- but at least that 's possible with the Lee Oskar whereas it 's not at all with the Hohner , which is too thick to bend . That thickness also means that it weighs far too much , making it even more uncomfortable .
 The Hohner ` heavy duty ' -LRB- wide -RRB- harmonica holder has been assembled incorrectly for many decades , and no one seems to notice.The problem is that if you wear it so that you can put harps in the holder , with the swing arms away from you , then the neck loop lower ends are digging into your chest , especially the wing nut on the right side . The wing nut is supposed to be on your left side , with the ends of the neck loop sweeping up and away from your chest.If you go to Google Images and search for
 I got this harp rack a couple of months ago , and I 'm pretty unsatisfied . I stand about six feet tall and I 've a long neck , and I have to bend my head way down in order to reach the harmonica . It 's made to fit all kinds of harmonicas , but the ten hole just kind of sits in the middle . I have a tendency to slide off the end of the harp when using this holder . Add to this a bunch of heavy metal that leaves imprints on your chests and you 've got a harp rack that just is n't worth the trouble.Pros
 I bought two of thes holders -- both of them did not hold the ten hole harmonica for even a second . I thought maybe the first one was defective -- but guess they all are at least for the smaller harmonics .
 This is my first harmonica holder purchase and the first one I 've actually used so I do n't have much to compare it to . It seems to be well built but the ergonomics are n't quite right . I have a pretty average body type and I just ca n't get it into position where I can play comfortably . It 's getting a lot less use than I expected . I would recommend looking for alternatives .
 If you want a nice mini harmonica , I 'd highly recommend paying a few dollars more and buying a german made , hohner `` little lady '' . They are much easier to play and sound a whole lot better . I bought a batch of some of those `` mini harmonicas '' but these ones are made in china and are a very inferior product , for a cute little gag gift , this kind is ok , but if anyone wants a mini harmonica they plan to play , rather than have for looks , I reccomend getting a REAL `` little lady '' .
 It 's too small to be useful for anything ; You can only sucessfully register two notes . I bought this in the hope of being able to have a smaller harmonica to mess around with and see what sort of sound a hohner would before I put money towards a bigger one . It gives off a really nice true-to-tone sound and it registers really clear and it looks cute if you want to use it for aesthetic value as of `` oh , hey , look at me ! I have a tiny harmonica ! '' and nothing more than that .
 Yes , it 's a tiny harmonica and yes , it 's somewhat `` cute . '' However , to be quite honest , this thing is utterly unplayable . I do n't mean to sound angry ; I mean that if you wanted to play the harmonica on the Hohner 38C Mini Harmonica , I really do n't know if you could . The reeds are out of tune and when you blow into all the holes , the sound that comes out of it does not even remotely resemble what you would expect to come out of the first four holes of a `` real '' harmonica.I only bought this because I was buying a different harmonica and had the option to also purchase this one . I 'm not going to rant about how this is a waste of money , because it 's less than $ 2 , but I do n't suggest buying this `` harmonica '' if you have intentions of playing it . You could use it as a nice key chain or Christmas Tree ornament , but beyond that , its functionality is severely limited .
 The mini harmonica is much smaller than the photos seem to suggest ... this device is only one inch long ! but works ...
 I was hoping for a harmonica that was small but played well ; this one does not . I wo n't try to buy a mini-harmonica cheaply again .
 When this APC power filter was taken out of the sealed package , the insulation on the power cord was melted to itself . The package was not damaged , so the over heating and melting had to occur prior to packaging . I sent this back and received a second unit . This unit functioned for four months , until I moved it . I unplugged all cords and unscrewed the coax cables . After moving the power filter , when I tried to screw in the coax cables , I discovered that the coax connector on the power filter had broken and the threaded part outside the filter case was no longer connected to the portion inside the filter case . Extremely poor quality ! The A/C connector for the power filter is behind a heavy entertainment center that I ca n't easily move , so I ca n't send this unit back . Do n't buy APC power filters like this design.Added on July 28 , 2009
 Poor Quality . Defective out of box . Power button is a cheap pressure switch which did not turn unit on except after repeated pressings and when on would not turn unit off , except after repeated pressings . Unit would sometimes turn on or off by itself . Be aware that the unit is designed to turn off with any electrical power interruption , even a self induced one such as resetting a circuit breaker , and then stay off until manually reset , . This would be a problem if the unit is located in an inconvenient location such as behind components .
 This APC device does a good filtering job and has plenty of receptacles for TV and accessories . A good feature is the blue light signaling the polarity of the input current . Yet an overwhelming flaw is the fact that every time there is an interruption , blackout or brownout , you have to reset the breaker on the device before the plug-in instruments work . This fact was not clear before I bought the device , and it made it useles for me . I bought 2 , replaced them and discarded these .
 These rings are alright for a beginning drummer looking for that sweet-spot sound in his/her kit . However , as someone who plays a lot of music a lot of the time , I ca n't recommend this product . I have knocked these things off of the drums in the middle of a song , got them caught on my sticks several times , and never really enjoyed the muffle they bring . I strongly suggest going with MoonGel damper pads , or the Evans brand mufflers , as these are small and inconspicuous , less likely to fall off or get hit by a flailing stick , and around the same price range , if not cheaper . plus the sound quality , in my experience , is way better from MoonGel .
 Product still not here . `` Order Placed
 My tenor sax fell off of it and was seriously damaged . I recommend laying your sax down sideways in the case , this stand is a menace I gave it away .
 This shock mount is nicely made with quality parts , very sturdy indeed . Unfortunately the shock mount makes noise when wiggled side-to-side which is heard in the microphone . My Rode shock mount is dead silent but does not hold the mic as rigidly as this unit does . I am tempted to return it and try out the other four rubber band AT model but it 's more trouble than it 's worth .
 I wanted to learn how to play a harmonica , and the guy at the music store recommended this harp and this bookThe Complete Idiot 's Guide to Playing the Harmonica , 2nd Edition . Unfortunately , not all the notes -LRB- holes -RRB- work . The # 2 -LRB- E -RRB- does n't work , and the # 1 -LRB- C -RRB- and # 3 -LRB- G -RRB- are spotty , so no first C chord . I can hear the air blowing through or around , but the holes seem clogged whether I 'm blowing easy or hard and make a terrible sounding note -LRB- my family cringes and can tell I 'm blowing that note when I try -RRB- . The other notes work just fine and sound good . Most of the other reviews praise this model , but mine is defective and does n't inspire me to practice . I do n't know if it 's the reed -LRB- which I suspect -RRB- or how to fix it or replace it , but I should n't have to in a new product . Not recommended -LRB- at least for beginners -RRB- .
 Cello strings are quite expensive , so I thought I was getting a deal getting this one on amazon for only ten dollars . However , I was incredibly disappointed when I finally recieved it . First of all , it was n't in it 's original packaging as shown . Secondly , it was used . Last of all , IT WAS N'T EVEN A CELLO STRING . It was a USED guitar string ! I was beyond upest . Rest assured I will never buy from THIS user ever again . What a jerk .
 Been having problems with the sound of 2 different Hohner Marine Band Harmonicas , Keys of C & G , both sounded too high and tiny . Tried buying this one in the Key of A , but that was n't the problem . It was the Marine Band sound and 2 bad reeds . Bought an older type of Hohner Harmoncia , in the Key of C , it sounds great and is much easier to play .
 I was very disappointed with this harmonica - so I sent it back to Amazon as it is cheaply made and sounds like it . The comb has protrusions which cut your lips when playing . You ca n't disassemble it for cleaning or repair.If you want a decent harmonica in this range , buy the Hohner Special 20 Marine Band , or better still , the Lee Oskar equivalents which have superior tone and quality and can be taken apart easily for cleaning and adjustments .
 I 've been playing R&R and Blues harp in various bands , for about 30 years now , and I 've got a bunch of different types of microphones . This is at the bottom of the pile , let me tell you ! It 's way TOO big and HEAVY to play for any length of time and make the moves that give your playing its tonal range . The earlier magnetic resonance 520D mics like James Cotton used to play , were interesting for their sound quality , but the Astatic D35 and other Shure mics , out-perform this `` brick '' by far ... The new Peavey might be a winner ... I tried to sell my Green Bullet , but could n't even get $ 50 for it on a popular auction site . Now , I would n't give you $ 10 for this `` collector 's '' gem , it does n't work for performers , but looks authentic enough ha ha ! The joke is on whomever thinks this is a cool mic .
 I am a violinist of 15 + years . I remember using this brand when I first started playing . I also remember breaking strings all the time - my mother can attest to this . Once I started buying my own strings in high school I bought Dominant ; though more expensive , the quality of the sound improved and the strings did n't break as often . My 9yr old sister just started playing cello . I will be gifting her a full set of Dominant strings . Oh , the joy of being the baby and getting spoiled rotten . : -RRB-
 These strings are definitely not the best of quality . They do n't have a really warm tone and are easy to break . They do work though in a pinch .
 Good strings for the beginner - however , I had to buy them elsewhere , as this seller sent the wrong strings -LRB- twice -RRB- . After two months , I 'm still waiting !
 After reading the 400 page manual and still getting nowhere , I called Sonic Foundry and asked for help . I explained that what I wanted was a clear-cut timeline that I could import music into and play with , giving it minor effects like echo and bass , and also making them fade into each other . They recommended `` VEGAS '' , another Sonic Foundry program that seems more suited to my needs . Reading the box is very confusing to a beginner and I highly suggest calling the sales line to talk to a representative before purchasing . You can find the number on their website at SONICFOUNDRY.com . In addition , the manual is very confusing . It constantly refers to things that are not in the index and there is no glossary , so learning was usually by chance . In defense of Sound Forge , it seems as though there are many unlimited uses for this program when applied to specific tasks like altering sounds , voice and doing professional music editing , but the sheer volume is too overwhelming for anybody who justs want to edit music .
 The promise was tantalizing . A stick you could strum , and , this is the truly amazing part , I would n't be able to make a wrong note . On the latter , I really felt the expectations were a bit high for a company that knew me so little -LRB- I had n't actually met the company , so I wrote this off as polite flattery -RRB- . And as my previous experiences with strumming regular sticks had ended in blisters and an infection on one of my knuckles , I thought I would approach this one with caution.But this was no ordinary stick , it was a slim , portable , stringed instrument of the dulcimer persuasion . With diatonic fretting , I could truly be free to be the musical simpleton that I am.This stick came with a custom case and -LRB- shipped separately to avoid damage in shipping I found out later -RRB- an instructional booklet and CD . This is a very good thing , as regular sticks have no documentation at all.Well as it turns out , I could make a wrong note . As my fingers made their way down the neck , like a nervous teenage boy on his first date , praying to whatever supreme being who 's the right one , that there 's no umpire at third base , the notes started sounding off . Looking down i saw that the neck had a particular twist that you normally only find on fashion models and the women who do n't find me charming at bars , and preferably not on stringed instruments.I 'm going to assume that I must have gotten a defective product , but as I 'm reviewing the one I received , I must give it two stars.In the end I chose to send back the strummable stick and spend an extra $ 40 and purchase the Roosebeck Wildwood Dulcimer , which is the non-massage version of a happy ending .
 I have purchased and installed 3 of these units . Two in church sound systems and one in my home . All of the units have had problems reading certain CDs . I get `` no disk '' errors or it takes a very long time to read the CD , both of which are unacceptable in a unit of this price . These CDs have been `` brand new out of the box '' and CDRs I 've recorded . Sometimes they read sometimes they do n't . I can not recommend this unit .
 This is a well built deck that has held up just fine with heavy use . However , I would not buy another one because IT DOES NOT HAVE A REAL TIME COUNTER FOR THE CASSETTE DECK . For a $ 375 industrial deck , to omit a real time counter is ridiculous .
 This mandolin is beautiful . Too bad I ca n't get it tuned . I even bought a new tuner to tune this thing , but no dice .
 ... this ca n't really be called a mixer without a pitch control to slow down and speed up the music ! Numark is a great company to buy mixer , I have a nice CD mixer by them . I would love a ipod mixing dock but this is n't a mixer if it does n't have pitch control ! There are stores selling this item on clearance right now for half its price !! I wonder why ? ... still waiting for an ipod mixer in Milford
 Did not work with my apple computer , requested help but did not get results I wanted which was to return idem & get credit
 This product is now discontinued , but no one bothers to tell you that before you make your purchase . Yes , it was very inexpensive , but you can not update anything or register the product any longer!Two thumbs down !
 The computer I have now -LRB- about 500 Mhz -RRB- is faster than my last one , and the earlier version of Plus ! worked well with my older model . However , my current model ca n't process most of the programs available , so I just deleted the whole package . I intend to get a faster computer in the near future , and will use SuperPack at that time . The features look pretty cool , but I ca n't give it a favorable rating at this time . However , when I see how it would work with a faster processor , I may re-rate my review .
 After struggling to install this program and getting an error message each time , I finally called Microsoft . The tech person I got was thorough but knew enough to know he could n't solve the problem . His Manager was consulted and informed us that there is a glitch in this program and it can not be installed on some computers unless they already have Microsoft Plus !! So the solution they offer is to find a friend who has it - download my set on theirs and burn a new disc to copy to my computer . I think you will understand that I would like my money back . Please follow up and let me know what to do . Thanks , Maureen Burbage
 This product has very little to offer . The Plus for Windows 98 was more interesting and offered more ` extras ' . This product does n't have much on it , not worth the money .
 I love the screen savers and some of the other applications but this takes up way too much room on my hard drive and slows it down . I have a huge hard drive too . It takes over 250.00 MB 's . I had to remove it to free up space . What you get for the price is n't that good .
 I purchased this software thinking that I could take my digital images , create a slide show with music , and then burn it to dvd for the family to watch.Unfortunately , the disk that I got gave me some error messages that when I called tech support -LRB- one hour hold time -RRB- they told me that my error message meant that I could create files , but they 'll only run on my computer , not on my tv dvd player . In addition , you need to buy additional dvd burning software , because the dvd burning software imbedded in this software package will only create dvds that will run on a dvd player with the Microsoft logo on them . -LRB- The package says the dvds will run on almost any dvd player -RRB- So I asked for my money back . However , since it took me more than 30 days to find all of this out , they refused a refund .
 This is the first time I have ever reviewed a product and I do it so that no one else will waste their money on this . It adds virtually nothing to XP . Too bad they did n't make it as interesting as their packaged media edition . That would have been worth the money , but old Bill who does n't want to be the richest man in the world would rather you spend money on a new PC to get that product . The themes are nice but far too few for the price . The games are a gimmick since you have to pay to play the real things . The DJ is dumb and the dancers are cute but after a while boring . Hard to figure out how to use the music converter and photo stuff . Too bad could have been something but in its present form , not worth the money .
 By reading the cover I thought it would be a great product to have . It indeed has some good items but overall this is something one can live without.Games - Bowling game is actually a teaser version . You can play only two lanes . Others cost you extra . Two other games are not exciting.Themes and Screen Savers are mediocre.I liked the analog convertor but not too much . If you can get input from any audio device , this program can convert it into a digital format . Alas it does n't convert to MP3 format . Also you need to keep computer completely free of other load while recording otherwise songs will be recorded slow or fast , but not on the normal speed.Dancers can provide some entertainment to young kids for two minutes but soon they find out that these dancers have canned actions . I liked Ben though especially when he gets tired of dancing.Bottom line - I do n't think you would regret buying this at 17 dollars but the novelty will wear off within a week .
 Terrible !! When I attempted to use the product it did n't work as advertised . Trying to get customer support was impossible . They continually sent me to the wrong people in India , none of whom spoke english fluently . Finally , after 1:20 of resorting to spelling out the words I was using I gave up and called another number for Microsoft . I was told that this is an ` obsolete ' product that is no longer supported even though you sold it to me , as new product , less than 3 weeks before . Amazingly , this product is still offered on the microsoft.com web site also , without any disclaimer about obsolescence and lack of support .
 After loading tracks on computer the time for formatting and saving tracks the time required to do so increased as much as three times what it took formally . Detecting adequate signal with Analog Recorder is sometimes ignored and sometimes louder than the volume played on the LP , cassette , or Reel To Reel .
 THIS HAS A COUPLE OF DECENT SCREEN SAVERS . OTHERWISE IT 'S MOSTLY JUNK . SHOULD HAVE KNOWN IT WAS TOO CHEAP TO BE EVERYTHING IT CLAIMS .
 I am new to Amazon.com and all I wanted to do is buy the windows xp super pack , but you just keep showing all these other products and there is nowhere for me to just buy it and go , so I guess you just lost a customer because if you make it this hard for me to check out and be on my way , then I might as well just go to the store and pick it up myself . Thanks anyway but I really dont want to sit here and keep trying to buy this item and getting everything else plus the kitchen sink . So maybe later on down the road I 'll try you again and see if youve made it any easier to just put an item in your cart , check out and be done , without all the song and dance about everything else you keep trying to sell me . sincerely , queencolleen .
 microsoft calls it superpack but who are they kidding?it would n't down load and when I called for help , well there went 2 hours o frustration . finally I gave up and fortunatly amazon took it back , refunded my money even for the return postage.this is one terrible product and I do not recommend it to anyone .
 This software would not install on my computer . There were error 1904 which involves the registry . The MS Tech page gives this as help , `` find a computer with PLUS ! installed and take lines out of its registry and put them in your computer '' , all with the big heading `` doing this could make your computer not work and you will have to reinstall everything . '' Not a great deal of help for me . Microsoft is just stealing your money with this software as it is .
 This software did n't quite do what I expected . I was somewhat disappointed when I discovered that it would n't convert iTunes m4p music files to MP3 files to run on a REAL Player .
 I purchased this specifically to transfer my record albums to cds . It was much more complicated than expected and the results were disappointing . It did not break tracks automatically . The sound is hallow after recording . I 'm told I need to buy an equalizer now!The cd label maker was wimpy . I ended up buying the Memorex CD/DVD Compact LabelMaker System . It gives me so many more options.AND THERE IS NO WARRANTY!I should have read these reviews before I jumped into buying this . The other stuff does n't add anything of value to Windows that I do n't already have.Save your money .
 I found that I threw good money after bad . Windows XP has all of the screen savers that were on the program .
 Do n't even bother wasting your money !! The screen savers make your computer work way to hard they are not even worth using and the games have one level and then they expect you to pay for more . The Wallpapers are the only worth using with this software . All in all a rip off .
 I had originally given this bulb a 5-star review based on it being a great value and working seemingly fine . However the bulb burned out yesterday -LRB- I was using it in my GE range hood -RRB- after being in there only about 4-6 weeks , so the quality seems to be subpar .
 I order two bulbs with this order , they came poorly packed , just a bit of bubble wrap in the box but the packages of the bulbs were loose in the box . One was broken .
 This string has had it 's day , and it 's long past . Coming from someone who repairs and sells violins for a living , players should look elsewhere for affordable student strings . With many advances in string technology within the past 10 years , it does n't necessarily pay to stick with old standbys anymore . Super Sensitive Red Label strings are somewhat durable but harsh . Go with D'Daddrio Prelude strings instead . Same price as the Red Label strings but with a tone that 's easier on the ears . The lower strings can be a bit on the dark side , but that 's far better than a harsh-sounding string . Go with the Prelude strings , a real no-brainer . D'Addario Prelude Violin String Set , 4/4
 These strings would be o.k. for a beginner to the violin since you do n't want to invest too much in something that may be a passing hobby . I found I did not like these strings even on my cheap violin and I could not get a good sound out of them . They are thin and sound cheap even though they cost quite a bit which like most cheaply made strings for the violin they always sound like banjo strings to me . For beginners these strings would be good especially for people with children who play . I am still a beginner and I ca n't bring myself to play with these strings anymore now that I have found better sounding ones . Though it comes with all four just get ready for the sound they make when played . Some people like them I guess but me I ca n't bring myself to recommend them unless you do n't mind sound for someone starting out . If you like them then have at and buy more but for me its merely two stars and not worth it for me .
 These strings are the dreadful . They sound bad , and are uncomfortable to play . There are other cheap strings that sound much better
 I use to use these strings in 4th grade for my violin and they were great . . I just got my string set today and the D string was lose and the damn thing snapped on me ... what crap ... I wish i could get my $ 14 back !
 This was a rip off !!!! because they send me rusty strings and they burst when putting them on the violin so I give this product a all thumbs down
 I had really high hopes for this product and was very excited when it arrived . Good sound , good feel , but within a few months it was very loose and would n't stay in tune . I would see this as frustrating to beginners and unacceptable for those more advanced . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This Honor looks nice but sounds almost exactly like my cheaper plastic soprano . I guess you have to spend a whole lot more to get a wooden one that beats the good plastic ones .
 I had my hopes really high for this recorder , and when I finally thought it came , it turns out they shipped it wrong so I got the cheaper pearwood one instead . I was extremely disappointed .
 Works fine as a mute , but it really needs some kind of a string or handle . Hard to pick up and remove quickly , and the clanging on the floor when it 's dropped is not cool .
 These are simply the worst sounding things that I 've ever put over my ears . You 've heard of muddy bass ... How about muddy everything . I was going to serious think about donating these to the school for the deaf so that people could experience what hearing loss sounds like.Buy a pair of cheap headphones for MP3 's , portable CD players , or iPods and get an adapter if you want to use it on home equipment and it would sound light years better than these headphones!EDIT
 I 've been playing the trumpet for almost 15 years and I bought this piece after moving into a 1-bedroom apartment . Got ta keep the chops up . This unit definitely reduces the amount of sound made by the instrument , but it reduces airflow through the instrument to such an extent that you almost have to play in a different way . With the mute on , the instrument requires nearly twice the amount of air to produce a tone at all . It 's a tough trade off , and in my opinion , too much to ask .
 I 'd be very wary of the two previous reviews , if you are like me you look around and read reviews from all over . -LRB- you really should -RRB- then you will notice there are sites with these very SAME reviews word for word and at various different vendors sites . . now lets just think about this . . how freakin much would you have to LOVE a product to take the time to go to all the vendors all over the net , and COPY AND PASTE your `` heartfelt '' and `` it 's so obvious '' review on all these different sites . nah that 's not happening . . NO ONE is doing that . . UNLESS THEY ARE GETTING PAID or own the freakin company . disregard the above reviews and go see if you can try one out at a store near you . . OR wait until you can read some real reviews . After seeing this obviously questionable practice I 'd really read that warranty card and make sure you can get a refund too .
 I bought a 3 pack of Hohner Blues Harps.At first , they played alright , but after about a year some of the notes would n't play properly or it took a half second before the reed would activate , which does n't make for really good music if you ca n't blow a note and have it play right away . The unit is not dirty , nor was it abused . I disassembled it and checked the reeds and they were clean . Some people swear by these , but 2 out of the 3 I bought were junk .
 I 've been playing Blues harp for over 30 years . Hohner 's customer service is despicable . They redesigned these MS Harps -LRB- Blues Harp is one -RRB- so that you have metal cutting into your mouth . They could have designed it so that the metal plate that the reeds are mounted on are tucked WITHIN the comb so that your lips are in contact with plastic or wood instead of sharp edged metal . Only an idiot would not realize this in designing this highly touted MS system . Forget about Special 20 's too , they go bad after just weeks . I 'm switching to Lee Oscars . Do n't even try to contact Hohner it is impossible . They display complete lack of commen sense in their design and zero concern for their customers . They continue on their steady decline in quality and service . But their marketing is clever . Take my advice , stay away from this company 's third rate products .
 I am amazed as how most music shops will sell you this harmonica when you ask as for one as a beginner . This was my first harmonica , and over the years I have discovered its multiple limitations compared to other models.Hohner 's Special 20 , for example , is in the same price range and it is much easier to bend , overblow -LRB- after adjusting the reeds -RRB- , much tighter ... it is a much better harmonica.I strongly suggest not buying a Hohner Blues Harp .
 ---------- Hohner Blues Harp :--LRB- ** ___ -RRB- overall
 The wooden forks does not hold well in place and the rest easily displaced with the slightest movement of shoulders while playing . The thickness of the rest even with the lowest setting does not fit comfortably -LRB- too thick -RRB- between the chin and the shoulder of my 9 year old child while playing . Had no choice but to return the item and changed the order to the sponge shoulder rest which is much better .
 The rest is quite comfortable , but tends to fall off the violin easily . As an adult of course I use a 4/4 , but I also bought one for my daughter who uses a 1/2 . Hers falls off more frequently than mine which is quite disruptive and annoying while practicing .
 I bought this as a gift for my husband - it was on his Amazon wish list . However , upon checking , he said that it 's part of a kit and they no longer make the other components , so it 's basicly useless . There was also no invoice included with the product when it arrived . I 've been trying to return the item to the manufacturer but they refuse to reply to my inquiries , so I 'm likely out the $ 160 and am extremely disappointed .
 I bought one of these several years ago . The last time I tried to hook it up , and powered up , and everything looked normal . However , upon connecting the cables to an amp , no sound was produced.I was talking to my friend last night about wanting to buy a drum machine , and without mentioning my experience or Alesis by name , he brought up an Alesis SR-16 that he had - but it does n't output sound.These things WILL stop working . Google it .
 I just got the SR-16 . I unpacked it and turned it on . It worked for a couple of hours and then it simply stopped working . Now , I have to box it up and send it back . This is very uncool . The QA on this product did not work!Crap !!!!!!!!
 I was thrilled when i first got it , however the sound was not working at all . I took it to radio shack only to find out that it doesnt work . I want my money back because my son worked hard for that money .
 I did n't have this 3 months before it broke . The plastic piece just snapped in half after very light use . Looks great ! Shame it is n't functional .
 I looked around internet to find a good priced rasta color guitar strap . So I finally found this one that I liked because it had the black strips at the ends . turns out to be that there is no black in the strap just yello green and red . Picture is wrong and item does not look as good without the black strips at the ends .
 Wheels are in a cheap plastic housing , one of which shattered after rolling less than 100 feet . SKB hustled out a pair of replacements -- but the wrong type . I left a message to explain which type I needed but no response after a week . The case itself is OK , not especially heavy duty , but decent enough for the gig a month or so I do . It is larger than I needed , but the extra storage is welcome . The handles and locks are good , and the padding adequate . I say upgrade the housing and it 's a 3 star plus case .
 Thing was obviously busted from a factory defect despite it having someones signature in it -LRB- Handwritten -RRB- that they had inspected it . Waaaaaaaayyyyyyy to big unless you have a frekin massive board . Thinish plastic , not enough padding . Do yourself a favor and get a different one . The minimum dimesions on this thing are wayyyyyy off . Dont buy .
 Wheels are in a cheap plastic housing , one of which shattered after rolling less than 100 feet . SKB hustled out a pair of replacements -- but the wrong type . I left a message to explain which type I needed but no response after a week . The case itself is OK , not especially heavy duty , but decent enough for the gig a month or so I do . It is larger than I needed , but the extra storage is welcome . The handles and locks are good , and the padding adequate . I say upgrade the housing and it 's a 3 star plus case .
 Thing was obviously busted from a factory defect despite it having someones signature in it -LRB- Handwritten -RRB- that they had inspected it . Waaaaaaaayyyyyyy to big unless you have a frekin massive board . Thinish plastic , not enough padding . Do yourself a favor and get a different one . The minimum dimesions on this thing are wayyyyyy off . Dont buy .
 I was very excited to play even though I received it a few days late . . Looks very nice but does n't stay tuned for longer than 30 , 45 min . Head phones are garbage !!!
 it was my first electric voilin and it seemed like the best and it was like that for about a year . but then it started to not work anymore . I WOULD NOT SUGEST BUYING IT !! unless you are only to play it for a year or 2 but after that it just does n't work as well . I TAKE CARE OF MY STUFF TO EXPECUALLY MY VIOLINS !! BUT ITS GREAT FOR BEGINNERS TO START ON BUT Ii suggest a diffrent one if you want to have it long term .
 Music Conservatory is incredibly bad . First , before it can run it told me that it does n't support large fonts . This forced me to change the fonts on my system and reboot . Small fonts look bad on my system , but I was forced to change to small fonts . Voyetra has lost half of its audience before the program can even start.When the program starts the first thing that you notice is that the screens are extremely difficult to read . Some of the screens are absolutely impossible to read , at least on my machine . They tried to make the screens look old like crinkled paper , but some of the screens are so bad that you have to blindly click to see what happens . I 'm running in 32 bit true color . But I tried 256 color and it looks just as bad.I had hoped to be able to hear how each instrument sounds . But only about one quarter of the instruments have any audio attached to them.Most of the instruments have a ` video ' button . But when I click the video button , the screen puts up some text and then immediately overwrites the text with the original image . Perhaps on a very slow computer this would be long enough for you to read the text.You can click your way through all of the information on the disk in a few minutes . If you buy this product you will use it once and never again.This application was obviously designed for very old slow systems .
 I got this cable few years ago for 100 bucks at guitar center . It sucks up tone and ruins the true voice of your guitar and amp . Did well in the studio since its very quiet , but it really fails at live application . Returned it at guitar center and got a spectraflex cable that made my guitar tone as natural sounding and its half the price of this overpriced chinese made junk of a cable . at least the spectraflex is usa made and has a lifetime warranty like monster cables .
 Remember the girl who broke your heart ? She was SOOOO magic ; Aphrodite , Athena , Artemis all in one incredible , beautiful creature . You kept trying and trying and trying.She 'd play you , too . Spend a little time with you , batting those beautiful eyelashes , brushing against you so alluringly -- then blowing you off yet again . But it was always the same story -- you 'd end up alone at the end of the day with nothing to show for all your efforts but pain and frustration.You finally wised up and blew her off once and for all -- and for three months never heard from her , until , day by day , like a nasty scrape , the pain dulled , and you would find yourself surprised that hours , even days had passed without a thought of the pain that had once dominated your entire world.Then the phone call would come , and , with a sweet , honeyed voice , she 'd work her magic on you again , and you 'd think to yourself `` maybe THIS time things 'll be different ... `` Enter TASCAM and their magic product `` Gigastudio '' , the reputed sound sampler of the gods . GIGABYTE-sized , absolutely authentic sounds from your MIDI tracks . The ability to create aural magic for the price of a small television set.And I bought the hype.Not once , but twice.Now I 'm no slouch with hardware -- in addition to a one-year tech certification , I 've got Microsoft MCP and COMPTIA A + and Network + certifications . I can build a PC from the ground up with my eyes closed and diagnose and repair virtually any problem.I 've also used a number of different audio products -- Cakewalk , Sonar , Sonic Foundry , Halion , all will generally excellent results . But EVERY incarnation of Gigastudio has only caused bluescreens or simply refused to function.After shelling out the first 150 bucks and spending months and months of fruitless tweaking and rebuilding , you 'd think I would 've learned my lesson.But no , not this hopeless romantic.When music giant Tascam bought out Nemesys , the company responsible for the first Gigascrewedio , I thought -- like so many other hapless victims -- that THIS time things would be different.And so I parted with another cool 250 bucks with the blind faith of the lovestruck.Needless to say , the relationship never got past first base -- the initial installation -- and , since I waited past the warranty date , I am , once again , nicely out of luck.So I called Tascam right before the holidays.Getting only a recorded message , I spoke nicely , calmly , and gave detailed information about the problem , along with my contact information . I sent out a follow-up email , along the normal channels.No answer.I kept trying , calling long distance at different times of the day , leaving messages with tech support and the main number . E-mail after email followed.After two weeks , my patience wore somewhat thin -- hell , even a form letter would have been appreciated as a simple gesture of courtesy.But now , a month later , it seems I just ca n't get no lovin ' from Tascam.Fact is , Tascam , she just do n't care.And so , as I finally promised , I 'm parting company with Gigascrewdio , never to look back . And to all of you hoping to make music with this expensively-wrapped , overly-hyped , perfumed piece of -LSB- waste -RSB- matter , expect the same . You ai n't gettin ' no lovin ' there.I , for one , will be looking into lemon laws to try and recoup my cash so as to spend it better elsewhere.And so , that eternal advice still has n't changed
 Tascam needs to take this product off the market , because I am pretty loath to purchase anything from this company ever again , and I am a 30 year loyal customer -LRB- 3340 's , 8516-A 16 track , M3700 , DA38 's , FW 1804 , etc -RRB- . If this product is any indication of the direction this company is taking - watch out!I purchased the Orchestra version after reading the rave reviews they published , but these folks must have purchased & installed the product during a very specific window of PC hardware & O/S . Anyone with a dual core will see crashing unlike anything we have seen for many years - we are talking entire OS winks out , not even a blue screen - just launch Giga Studio when you need to do a really fast shut down . VISTA is right out , but even XP will crash ALL THE TIME on modern hardware . You will not get any productive time with the software on a modern PC.Now , you wil get to see it run if you can patch together a very old -LRB- 4-5 years -RRB- PC , but it will be very , very slow . And it will still crash sometimes , PC will hang , and it will not work well at all with any other sequencers . They say to use SP1 , but SP2 is where we are now with XP.Right now , I am fighting the license scheme because after trying to get it to run on all of these various configurations , I can not restore the license , and my grace time has run out . Which gives me time to write this review.Tascam - shame on you . You need to do a recall on this baby , and at least TRY to retain some lifetime customers .
 have had this cable for almost 2 years . used it probably no more than 10 times . now the cable is not working and have to move it a lot just to get sound . disappointed with the quality for sure .
 I really ca n't say if this product is good or no because , I was totally ripped off by CYBERHOUSE the people who sold me this . The turntable was missing a major part and did not even work . When I tried to return the item I was told because of a technicality they would not allow me to return the item . I am a US Airmen stationed over seas and during the holidays it takes long to get products sometimes . So to rip me off simply because I didnt get my package in time when it was missing parts is ridiculous . Never buy anything from CYBERHOUSE these people are unethical and criminal in my opinion .
 I have a Fender Squier Strat ... gig bag does n't even come close to fitting ... bummer ! It would help to know before purchase as to fitting standard electric guitars like a Strat ...
 While this stand might be perfect for a professional musician who is used to schlepping lots of heavy , awkward equipment around , it is not appropriate for the average Joe guitar and viola player who does n't want a huge music stand in her living room 24/7 . The assembly is not easy and you get grease all over your hands . The sturdy part that holds the music is very HEAVY . You have to purchase a special bag separately if you want to travel with it or tuck it away somewhere without separating all the parts . Worst of all , I lost $ 35 in shipping costs -LRB- almost half the cost of an Amazon prime membership -RRB- . Brooks Mays deducts $ 13 for their shipping and it cost me $ 22 to send it back UPS . In addition , I bought a little accessory stand that attaches below the lip of the stand -LRB- for rosin and a pencil etc -RRB- , also by Manhasset , but from a different seller . So I lost another $ 6 sending that puppy back . Overall , I lost the price of the entire music stand during the transaction . Should have kept it and gave it to our piano teacher or the local symphony . Very disappointing . I bought a travel K + M and LOVE it .
 My order arrived from the seller , Cascio or whatever their name is . No instructions , no parts list . Nothing . I have tried to take the mounting bolt out and it wont come out . I 'm wondering if this is a legit seller . Also , stand assembly is going to require you carry around a wrench with you . I want one that has a wing nit for loosening or a quick release like on a bike . This would be a pain to reassemble every time . I 'm sending mine back asap !
 Runs crazy hot & loud . No sync to music beat , lighting pattern to simple.This light would be a cool toy if it did n't get so hot , but I would be embarrassed if it was used at one of my events .
 Bought several Mighty Brights in various colors for Christmas presents . All except this one -- XtraFlex Silver -- were fine . Compared to other this was not `` Super . '' This one had only one bulb , had no outlet for AC/DC , and was less sturdy than the others . I would n't call it junk , but it will make me very wary before I buy another Mighty Bright light through Amazon !
 I bought this for my grandson for a small &#34; congratulations for making the district band . &#34; From the picture I assumed he would get one of the great colors . Wrong ! All it is is a white piece that glows in the Dark - absolutely no color . Very very disappointed .
 If your interest is learning basic music theory , then do n't waste your money on this silly program , which practically fails at touching even the most basic content of each of its eight lessons . The multimedia even is not taken advantage of and is so badly done that it is unnecessary . In the short glossary of terms , the audio pronunciations are badly done with trilled `` r '' 's . Instead , I recommend this book
 The short version - if you want a divebombong guitar you may have to work on it to get it working properly -LRB- see the ugly section in this review -RRB- Once all the issues have been addressed it is a very nice guitar . ************************************************************************************************************************************************** If the flaws listed below were addressed -LRB- excluding the pickup issues -RRB- I would rate this with four stars . ************************************************************************************************************************************************** The good ... the basics of the guitar are good . The neck -LRB- wide-flat C shape - excellent for shred guitar -RRB- and body are well made . Once properly setup it plays well and has excellent intonation and the tone is evenly balanced.The bad ... the pickups work ok but I found the overall tone was thin.I solved this by replacing the pickups . I am not here to push another product so I am not going into what I used . You may like the original pickups but I did not . In fairness I must say I have replaced the pickups in 50 % of all the guitars I have ever owned -LRB- after playing for over 37 years that number is over 50 not counting this guitar -RRB- . The ugly ... The tremelo was not functional as received.Why ? ... OK here goes1 . -RRB- The locking nut should not move but it did . The locking nut was secured to the neck with tiny phillips head screws that did completely lock the nut down . The nut that was on the guitar requires a # 3 flat head phillips but that is not what was on there . I replaced the nut with an after market unit that uses # 4 flat head screws and that completely elimnated any movement at the locking nut . If the original nut had been mounted to the neck using two 1 '' # 3 flat head wood screws I am sure that it would have worked perfecyly .2 A. -RRB- Tremelo cavity has finish protrusions that rub on the tremelo body.This prevents the tremelo from moving properly and causes the guitar to go out of tune when the tremelo is used . I had to chisel out the affected areas to remove the offending finish build up . The cavity was not routed out correctly and I had to chisel out some of the wood as well .2 B . There is a metal plate under the tremelo that is held down by two medium wood screws . These screws came out the other side of the guitar -LRB- into the tremelo cavity area -RRB- and were snagging the tremelo springs.Once I replaced these screws with a shorter version and had cleared out the tremelo cavity I needed to setup the guitar to play to my specications . This required me to adjust the height of the tremelo . The two pivot posts that control the tremelo height are adjusted using an allen wrench .4 . -RRB- The allen wrench hole rounded out when I tried to adjust them so I replaced them with standard after market parts -LRB- which dropped right in with no trouble -RRB- . After all of this the tremelo started to work pretty well but then I discovered that guitar would not stay perfectly in tune when the tremelo was being used . A floyd rose licensed tremelo should stay in tune when used if it is setup correctly .5 . -RRB- The cavity that the tremelo sits in is a little tight and the tremelo rubs on the guitar body as it moves up and down . As I use the guitar the tremelo is working better and better -LRB- that would not be true without all the work that I did -RRB- and I am using this guitar at paying gigs with good results .
 Got this pickup as a Christmas gift for my girlfriend . Install was quick and easy . We plugged it into a brand new mini-amp -LRB- that we know for a fact works -RRB- but it produced no sound . We tried wiggling the cord , thinking there was a short , but nothing . I tapped on it , shook it , but nothing . Had to exchange it . Waiting on the new one to arrive , and I will amend my review .
 This pickup worked for about a minuite , then nothing . I tried it on multiple amplifiers but eventually had to return it .
 I was thrilled when I received this as a gift . I was learning to play the piano , this seemed to have everything I needed . I put the software in my computer and hooked up the cable to my computer and keyboard . Was unable to get the program to work . tried contacting the company no results . Went on line to see if I could obtain any help , no luck . Went and had the cable checked found defect in cable , purchased new cable ... Hooked the new cable . Still unable to get the program to work . Is there anyone out there who can get this program to work ?
 I 've been using digital modelers and multi-effects since they first became available . I had high expectations for this unit , but have been disappointed.In its favor , this device easily takes the `` Reloaded '' firmware upgrade from M-Audio that provides many new features , models and effects , but I was astonished to discover that this device does not come with editing software.Most naive users are unaware that the presets that come with modelers are just somewhat overstated `` demo '' settings that the user can use as points of departure in editing his own presets that work for his purposes with his equipment . Because of the complexity of these settings , almost all serious modelers come with computer preset editing software that allows accessing these settings in a clear , organized and simplified manner . The quality of this software is make-or-break for a modeler 's usefulness to a serious user -- it has to not only work , but be well-organized and visually ergonomic . Without it , one has to access the editing by very obscure and complicated levels of coded button manipulation in the unit . This is all but impossible on most modelers.Incredibly , the Black Box has NO editing software . To make matters worse , the documentation concerning programming is very disorganized and incomplete.This lack of programming support robs the unit of at least 80 % of its potential usefulness to serious users and is responsible for the Black Box 's failure in the marketplace . It is now discontinued , but large numbers of back inventory are still being sold at deep discount .
 It is a nice piece of electronic . It has a lot of effect and functions but it is really really difficult to use . Also following the manual it is really difficult . Better get something else . I actually sold it on ebay one week later.Disappointed .
 the 9 v battery wouldnt go in it 's place , the little sockets were out of line . after hours of trying , i finally trashed it .
 I ordered two of these and both were defective and needed to return . It created a hissing noise and it required the volume to be turned up more than necessary . I compared this to an existing converter which had no problems . Thankfully , Amazon returned these adapters with no problem and refunded me . I will be looking for another company to purchase these adapters from .
 I recently purchased a violin bass and needed a gig bag for which I bought this one . The case may be stylish , but it is in no way rugged . The nylon casing is equal to that of a windbreaker , and the foam padding is so thin that I can easily pinch my fingers together through one layer of the case . This case offers little protection for an instrument . When is a gig bag not a gig bag ? When it 's a stylish dust cover .
 Apparently I forgot the age-old adage ... you get what you pay for . The overwhelmingly positive reviews combined with the variety of features , included equipment , and reasonable price made me spring for this PA. . I wonder if the reviews are even legit , because , unfortunately , this system sounds like you 'd expect something of this price to sound . That is , lousy . There is a perpetual hiss when an AUX input is plugged in . When music plays it 's hard to hear , but it 's definitely there anytime the music stops . The mics sound adequate at best , but do n't try to use two at once -LRB- even though it 's designed for this -RRB- if they 're anywhere near each other -- the feedback is instant , even if you 're not near the speaker . The included case -- a seemingly big perk -- is AWFUL . When I picked it up with everything in it , the handle literally snapped off in my hand . The case crashed to the floor and the corner of it came apart . Basically it 's useless , and this instant breakage dropped my review from 3 stars to 2 . You CAN transport in the included bag , but this is tough if you want to take a headset mic as there 's no pocket designed for it . -LRB- It also means you 'll be carrying the unit on your back as this bag is really a backpack . -RRB- The only thing I do like is the option of using it with the rechargeable battery , but , honestly , there are only a few times where I ca n't plug in , even outdoors . Basically , if you 're looking for a cheap and mediocre all in one system this will do . You 'll get solid amplification for a mid-sized group but not good sound . But if you expect more , especially given the glowing reviews , you 're in for disappointment .
 Does not protect against ground loop 60 cycle hum , but cheap compared to those that do . I does power my pedals effectively but no noise cancelation ...
 I will be returning this product . Yes , it will power your pedals . However -LRB- and though I ca n't speak for others -RRB- it added an immediate and unacceptable level of buzz to my rig . All of my peals have hardwire bypass , and there was a substantial hum even when they were all off . If I leaned over and touched one of the bypass switches with my finger , the buzz would change . Clearly a power issue . To remove all doubt , powering the pedals individually -LRB- as others have noted -RRB- fixed the problem . I guess you get what you pay for . A real power supply can be $ 150 , and this little guy is cheap , and will indeed power your pedals , but if you are concerned about the tone of your rig , I 'd fork over the $ $ for a real power supply .
 This adaptor fried my Boss RC3 looper , I am not sure how but thankfully my rc3 was still under warranty and boss replaced it with a brand new one . They said the device was fried due to using a non Boss PSA adaptor . Be Careful !!!
 As a power adapter , it works . it powered all my pedals with no problems . however , there was a constant buzzing that came from my amp -LRB- marshall jcm900 combo all tube -RRB- when this was plugged in . When on the distorted channel of my amp , each of my pedals would `` pop '' whenever i activated the pedal . i dont know how it reacts with a solid state amp . there could be a completely different result , however i didnt test it .
 I bought this product from Music 1-2-3 and the shipping department decided that it is o.k. to send this instrument across the country without putting any securing tape on the box . When it arrived all of the accessories were gone . I got the run around at the customer service department . Overall not a good experience with Music 1-2-3 .
 My wife purchased this product for me for Christmas and I must say at first it looked extremely easy to use . However it would not recognize I had a DVD RW drive in my HP media center PC when every other application I have has no problem using it . For a CD burner it is pretty useless if it does not even recognise your drive as a burner . Then both my CD drive and DVD drive disappeared from my system -LRB- Not physically of course -RRB- . The registry entries for them became corrupted . I had to do a complete rebuld of my system and it took me about 8 hours of time to get it back to a working state with my previously loaded software . I have deleted all traces of it and am taking it right back to the store .
 The violin came very fast , but the color displayed on amazon is deceiving . The violin is not as blue as it looks in the picture , but is more of a light torquoise . I have been unable to get ahold of Gracemall to discuss exchanging for another color . It is very difficult to find contact info to talk to someone . This was a Christmas present for a little girl who was disappointed by the ugly color and now it looks as though it can not be exchanged . Anyone have any ideas on how to get ahold of Gracemall ? Amazon seems to not want to give any info about them on the website .
 I 've worked for a pro audio company and still work for a consumer audio company as an engineer . I purchased 2 of these from Amazon . When I got them , one speaker buzzed -LRB- very low , soft buzzing -RRB- with only power connected , no audio connected . The other did not , even when using the same power connections . Amazon was wonderful and replaced the buzzing speaker , but the replacement also buzzed . At this point I contacted the manufacturer and was issued an RMA that took about 6 weeks to fulfill . When I got the RMA item back , it was not the same serial number -LRB- in fact it had no serial number on it at all -RRB- and had the same buzzing issue . I contacted the manufacturer -LRB- now Gibson -RRB- and was given a textbook troubleshooting response which demonstrated that they did n't understand the problem since they told me to do things with the audio connection - yeah , no audio connected guys . I even provided spectrum analysis showing the differences in behavior.Most disappointing in all of this is that the manufacture did n't make an actual repair with the RMA . Did they test and understand the problem ? They admitted there was an issue by providing me an RMA and now again has given me a second RMA for this speaker . This time , the manufacturer wants me to pay for the RMA shipping ... so as you can imagine I am not pleased at all when the speaker weighs a good 30lbs -LRB- shipping $ $ $ -RRB- . Want to like these speakers , but it seems the manufacturer has no idea how to repair/verify their own product . Run away . However , if you do plan on getting the speakers , test them critically for the buzz , seems hit and miss on the product . Good luck.Will try to return them at this point if I can . Sad face.UPDATE : Amazon accepted a return , however charged for the more-than-30-days-since-purchase , so I 'm out $ 180 -LRB- 2x $ 90 -RRB- restocking fee + my time because of this manufacturer 's inability to ensure product quality . Was actually surprised Amazon charged a restocking fee in this case , but well , lessons learned . So , if you get defective speakers try a replacement , and if it does n't work out , return them immediately - do n't deal with the manufacturer .
 This company does not support Choral Music . Do not let the fact that they sell microphones and subscriptions to vocal ensembles mislead you . They do not have ANY choral music available to practice and have no plans to do so . This discrimination disappoints me . I can not support a company that promotes discrimination.This company also makes Finale . After discovering their attitude towards Vocal Ensembles , I am making plans to switch from Finale to Sibelius . If you are a Choral Director , you should too . If you are a Band or Orchestra Director , it would be helpful if you pressured the company not to continue this discrimination .
 This item is completely useless . I ordered it , installed it , connected it , tried to use it ... no feedback . Adjusted the connection ... no feedback . Tried to use it with a `` learning piano '' software which was specially designed for it ... nothing . Changed my control panel settings ... nothing . Maybe its just me !
 This info . is important , I would have purchase this Harmonica in seconds had I known . . Please Email Me ! Thnank You ! . . Phil
 this is not durable at all , I had used it for a month and couldnt use more at all , the first two holes of the harmonica are broken and do not give a good sound at all , so then I need to switch to another typedo not recommend !
 I am not a very experienced harmonica player , but it was easy to hear the poor quality of sound this instrument produces . This harmonica lets out a good deal of air . I am not impressed . At least the price tag should give you an idea of what it is you are getting .
 I was excited to get this and learn to play the harmonica . I got it , it sounded pretty good but I 'm a newbie so what do I actually know ? The notes sounded right anyway ! But after 2 days one of the draw reeds is broken/bent/whatever and I ca n't use it now . I guess I got what I paid for , but really even a cheap $ 1 harmonica would have worked longer than this . Disappointing .
 Cheap harmonica ... good brand . I bought it to jam w/out worrying about bustin it . It is now off key horribly , and I ca n't draw through the five hole . Bending is impossible -
 This stand is weak as hell ! It lasted a few months and then broke at the neck 's base . I have a Schecter Hellraiser guitar and this stand could n't support it.BUY AT YOUR OWN RISK . You will be likely to waste you money and have to replace this cheaply made piece of junk they call a stand
 When buying a guitar stand , the last thing you think about is it snapping in half . Well that is exactly what happened to mine . While transporting the guitar stand , the thing fell apart as I was folding up the legs ! Now if I want to fix it I 'm going to need to weld the metal back together , which is too far out of my way.Anyways , verdict is , fretrest by proline was decent until it broke . Now my guitar needs a new stand .
 This is not a play along ! You are given sheet music with an arrangement of Cobham 's music that is in big band format that is not quite in the style of Cobham . THEN ... There is no section for you to solo or play the melody ! You are playing over soloists already soloing ! Horrible!Better to play along with Cobham 's original CD 's and learn the tracks by ear !
 After reading the positive reviews I was hoping this was just what I needed to boost the signal in two rooms . I previously used a cheaper unit -LRB- RCA VH100 -RRB- , which only boosts one line at a time - but even if I split the signal coming out of the cheaper unit -LRB- using a splitter to get two outputs -RRB- , it 's way stronger with a much better picture than what I get from this 4 port unit.Perhaps mine is defective , but it seems to boost the signal only marginally . I set it up as instructed , got the green light and everything - it just does n't seem to do very much .
 We bought this item to replace an existing older RCA cable amplifier , looking for an improved signal . After using for a few weeks I have replaced with the older RCA amplifier which provides a clearer TV signal . On balance , it was not as good as the old unit we have .
 I could not use this at all , even as just a splitter with no power applied the picture was horrible . Adding power to the amplifier just made it worse . I tried to go to their website -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- for more information but the site is down at this time . I 'll keep using my old viewsonic amp for now , it is working well I just thought this one looked better . MISTAKE .
 Pulled amp into over the air antenna and got no better reception on both HD and regular channels . Tried on two different tv 's in two different areas of the house . I will try it on Cable signal and revise my comment . I would not waste the money if you are just using this on a regular antenna .
 The overall construction of the pedal is pretty sturdy aside from the fact that most of it is made of plastic . The sound it produces ranges from a hard overdrive to the hariest shreding distortion . The pedal deminishes tone quite a bit and does n't have a very good range -LRB- very high notes are not processed correctly and deliver poor results -RRB- . not bad for the money but not an investment in the least bit . i just got this because i had a gift certificate that i wanted to get rid of , otherwise i would not have purchased the item .
 I bought this low priced pedal mainly for my daughter as a starter . To my surpise , there was no power supply included ! Not even a battery . No mention on Amazon 's product description that a power supply for the unit was not included . I also bought the other two models ... One of them picks up a radio station and broadcasts it thru the amp , yet , there is n't a radio station tower within 5 miles of my house . All in all , I feel I got ripped off . If I had known they did not come with power supplies , I would not have purchased them .
 I got this pedal for $ 10 used and tried it with a tube amp . The tone is good at the low end but diminishes after 1 or 2 ` oclock . There is a ton of gain with the pedal and turning the gain down and adjusting the tone to taste was the only way I did n't get total tone loss with a Telecaster and Les Paul . Turn the gain all the way up and low end diminishes . It sounded like a Line 6 modeling amp with the metal settings on high.This pedal is cheap and may work better on a solid state amp , I never tried it . Some of Danelectro 's pedals are gimmicky . I own the distortion and the echo pedals which are good for what they are , but this one misses it 's mark for me .
 Well I got this pedal because it was cheep and all the reviews were good so i thought hmmm . this could be good . but no I was wrong . it may have just been a mine but at first it was amazing , then after a few days it started to sound funny when i turned the tone past a fourth of the way up , kind of like electricity , that 's the best i could describe it . but now it is always sounding like that . I would say do n't get this product .
 It was used only 1 or 2 times . Thought the battery died , so I replaced it . Still does n't turn on !! Do n't waste your money
 As for some other users mine was advertised -LRB- on eBay -RRB- as having touch-sensitive keys . Unfortunately , the YPT-200 does not -LRB- I only found this out after receiving it -RRB- ... it 's the next higher model , the YPT-300 , that does . I was sorely disappointed by that , because no touch-sensitive keys means no expressive playing whatsoever . Just imagine every single note being the same volume and intensity throughout a song and understand what I mean -LRB- monotonous -RRB- . Going hand-in-hand with that is key feel . This keyboard -LRB- perhaps most keyboards without hammer action -RRB- felt very plasticky/springy , not like a real piano at all . Of course not being touch-sensitive just added to my disorientation . I have n't tried the YPT-300 with touch-sensitive keys but it 's my suspicion that it is well worth the extra $ . Another thing I was very unimpressed with was the Yamaha Education Suite . It flashes notes on a tiny LCD screen while playing a song to you . Then somehow you are supposed to learn how to play it back to it . There were a couple of nice songs built into the keyboard that I 'd have loved to learn , but gave up in frustration after several days . It would have been much better if 1 -RRB- instead of notes flashing on the tiny LCD screen , have individual LEDs above each key that would light up when a song was being played by the keyboard , and 2 -RRB- if sheetmusic for the songs the keyboard tries to teach you was included . Ultimately I think a beginner could learn how to play songs much quicker by spending a little bit of time learning how to read sheetmusic than by relying on the Yamaha Education system.In conclusion , do n't think of the Yamaha Education suite as anything of value , and the lack of touch-sensitive keys should make one seriously think twice about even considering this keyboard for anything but child 's play .
 - If you are buying this keyboard for the sound quality , do n't . At least for the model I have the sound quality is poor , -LRB- like a speaker mounted in a tin can -RRB- . Sounds more like a toy model even with headphones . True for the grand function too.-The keyboard was advertised as touch sensitive , mine was not.-This is good enough for a beginner , or for messing around on which is why I am keeping it.-I recommend buy a re-furb since you are not going to gain anything sound quality wise by buying new .
 I too made a mistake in buying this because of the fact that it DOES NOT INCLUDE AN A/C power cord . The thing takes 6 AA batteries . Where do you go buy 6AA batteries on Christmas night?I also ordered the recommended stand . Maybe I 'm an idiot , but I can not get this stand to fit into the little `` stand grooves '' on the base of the keyboard . The keyboard does not fit snugly onto the stand as a result . You can still use it , but do n't bump into it or the keyboard will fall.The keyboard has a nice sound and we are having fun playing with it but I wish I 'd gotten the one at Target that has light up keys to facilitate teaching the 9-year old I bought it for .
 AHh !!! I wanted it right away and paid $ 50 for next day shipping . When I got it I realized that it had no AC adapter ! The other listing for 99.99 has an adapter . Now I have to pay an extra $ 10 for an adapter . So in total I spent an extra $ 35 for the same item that is available on Amazon !
 I was outraged to discover that there was no ac-dc adapter & power cord with the Yamaha TPT-200 Keyboard . No adapter and no batteries . My grandaughter gleefully opened her Christmas present on Christmas day , only to discover we had no way to power it up . SHE WAS DISSAPPOINTED !! How could Amazon allow that to happen ? And Yamaha , talk about poor , poor marketing . The marketeerr who thought up that moneysaving idea , surely must be a mental midget ! No more Yamaha products for me .
 I guess we were all tricked on Christmas . This is shameful . I too bought this thinking it had the adapter which it did not . The adapter was the reason I got it from Amazon in the first place . When I emailed amazon they told me to contact the manufacturer which ofcourse you can not . The stand that is advertised here is not the one that goes with it . We tried putting it together only to find out that the parts were defective and the screws did not go in properly so we returned it . Amazon sent us a new one very promptly which we appreciated but nevertheless it is the wrong stand . The piano itself sounds good and my son likes it but I also should of brought the one at Target which was the same price and lights up and makes it easier for children to learn . My son really wants a stand so we kept it but never again will I buy Yamaha merchandize again . Very disappointed !
 I was totally unimpressed with these strings . Used them on my Ovation 1861 Balladeer and they were OK for about a day . Then , they became lifeless all at once ... the brightness was gone and they played very , very hard . The sound was choked and playing became difficult . Thinking this may have been a bad set of strings , I tried another set of them and the same thing happened . A colossal waste of money . Save yours and buy something else .
 Awkward , hard to play , faulty holes , tastes bad , pinches mouth . Worst harmonica I have ever had the misfortune of playing . Do not waste your money on this .
 Based on information I read in the other ratings displayed , I ordered the Huang 1248 with the expectation of buying a quality instrument . My order arrived quickly and the instrument is very nice looking . However , I found it nearly impossible to play notes softly in the lower and upper octaves of the `` C '' section . A large amount of air is required to achieve any tone and the tone is loud and brassy . Using the `` C# '' section of the instrument , I was able to achieve in both lower and upper octaves tones that were totally controllable in volume . I never experienced this condition using my Hohner , so I do n't believe it 's my technique . I 'm very hesitant to recommend this instrument .
 Like one other reviewer I found this instrument hard to play . IT is well made but very hard to get decent notes in the higher and lower ranges.Its not all due to lack of experience either because I dont have trouble with the other brand I bought .
 This Tambourine has &#34; cheap &#34; written all over it . Although the double row jingles sounded ok I could n't deal with how crappy the plastic skin was ... no tone at all and just a very dull sound . I had to return it .
 I have three of these pedals , which I have purchased to work with a Studiologic VMK-161 Organ -LRB- which I like very much -RRB- . All three have ` gaps ' in the potentiometer . This means that when you sweep through the pedal range there is a spot where the volume maxes out momentarily causing a big pop . Luckily , two of the three pedals have the gaps in the lower range , allowing me to jury rig stick on pads to keep the pedal range out of the are with the ` gaps ' . I then modify my instruments to ignore the low MIDI range . Do you want to do this?I asked my dealer for a handful of replacement pots , but they ca n't get them , so they keep sending me new pedals , and they 're all junk .
 I 've been testing out various thumbpicks to accent my fingerpicking style . This particular version falls short for a couple reasons , the first being that the `` Large '' size is still too tight for someone with large , manly hands . :-RRB- Second , the stiffness of this design leaves little room for play or dynamics while picking . Third , the length of the pick is just a bit too long , getting in the way of having a natural fingerstyle experience .
 This used to be a very reliable program . Upgrading to SX has been a big disappointment . A few features that were great in VST 5.1 are missing , such as
 I bought this low priced pedal mainly for my daughter as a starter . To my surpise , there was no power supply included ! Not even a battery . No mention on Amazon 's product description that a power supply for the unit was not included . I also bought the other two models ... One of them picks up a radio station and broadcasts it thru the amp , yet , there is n't a radio station tower within 5 miles of my house . All in all , I feel I got ripped off . If I had known they did not come with power supplies , I would not have purchased them .
 Barely acceptable . Not consistent at all , poor cane quality - that being said , when you get a good one -LRB- perhaps 10 % -RRB- , they sound great . at least they 're cheap !
 We purchased this item assuming it came with both a practice pad and the stand . The Amazon listing shows a practice pad in the product photo and lists the item as `` Remo Stand , Practice Pad , Tall '' That pretty much tells me its a stand AND a pad . Not so . We are disappointed with the listing on Amazon . But the stand is nice , sturdy and what we wanted in a drum pad stand.We will now order the Pad as an addition to the stand . This will cost more than another listing we saw on another site that sold both together . So we are spending more than we would have needed to.Future buyers be warned .
 Very small . like a toy . I was glad that I had ordered larger ones from another company . I was very disappointed . This was not a good purchase and I would not recommend them to anyone else .
 I wish they had just made a simple fife instead of trying to `` improve '' it . The extra fingerholes were badly placed -LRB- at least for my big hands -RRB- making it almost unplayable . This is too bad because everything else was so well designed for a cheap plastic pipe . It 's been sitting in it 's bag for a while now , maybe I will find someone with small hands to give it to ...
 The unique fingering on this instrument is not helpful . True recorder fingering would have produced clearer pitches , and easier fingering for playing in all keys , but Yamaha decided to invent a different spacing to the holes . IF they had just used recorder fingering , they would have had a pretty good cross-blown , chromatic instrument with tried and true fingering .
 I bought this fife because I am trying to learn it so I can teach it . I play flute and thought it would be easier to learn than the souvenir fife in B flat I have . The hole are in awkward spots and the tone is awful compared to the B flat . For me , it is worth the effort to learn the fingerings in a different key .
 I am still trying to figure out if there was a piece missing from inside this recorder or if I 'm a musical moron for not understanding how to use it . You could try evey trick in the book , but this was like blowing into a large straw - no noise . Speaking of books , there were no written materials to accompany this item . Returned it .
 Unable to create a single musical note with trias by multiple people . Too difficultly to use fr a beginner or child .
 If Yamaha had named this something other than a ` fife ' , I would have no problem with it . But because the fingerings are considerably different than a fife , it is of no help to anyone wishing to learn to play a fife.Call it a ` Flufe ' or a ` Recorfe ' or anything else Yamaha , but when you call something a ` fife ' there is an expectation that it 's actually a fife .
 A fife is a six holed instrument played with open fingering -LRB- open , `` simple system '' flute -RRB- , it is a small version of the keyless Irish flute , usually in B flat , rather than D . It is played with the exact same fingering as Tin Whistle , which also has the exact same fingering as the Irish Flute , then a keyed Irish flute also has the same fingering as all of these , with the addition of the keys to make chromatic notes easily available . The fife makes sense as a pre-Irish flute instrument . The Yamaha `` Flufe '' is not really a fife and has some fingerings of a Irish flute , some more like a recorder , others similar to a silver bohem flute . Going recorder , yamaha mystery instrument , then silver flute , you are in fact learning 3 different woodwinds . In my 25 years experience as a teacher and performer in 4 countries , I would say if they alread know the recorder , do n't waste their time on this hybrid instrument , stick them on a PICOLLO to learn how to play the exact fingering they 'll need on the silver flute -LRB- If that is what they are aiming to play -RRB- . If they are good on the recorder -LRB- did they apply themselves , and can the play music that impresses you and truly sounds beautiful -RRB- If so they will have NO PROBLEM picking up the picollo if they apply themselves . Each woodwind you learn * does * make it much easier to learn the next , this does n't mean we need to get super side tracked teaching the kids newly invented instruments when they just want to learn the flute . It makes no sense to me to learn a unique instrument with a different fingering as a stepping stone , unless for some reason they `` really like this yamaha `` flufe '' sound and really want to master the Yamaha `` flufe '' . If going towards the Irish flute , I would recommend to start on a tin whistle , then a fife -LRB- which is a small Irish keyless flute -RRB- to learn the embochure , then you know EVERYTHING you need to pick up and play an Irish flute , then perhaps to a keyed Irish flute . Any * good * music teacher would be familiar with these fingering similarities . There are many new musical inventions out there , which were probably created long ago and dropped in favor of the ones that just make more sense . I am suspicious that so many `` music teachers '' that are not verified purchasers took the time to give glowing reviews to the Yamaha `` flufe '' .
 My 6 sting broke after the second day , I dont know if it was the sting or I put it wrong but I it dint last much ! Not happy !
 WEll I have to be honest ... I thought this would be way cooler than it is . I got it for Christmas , and ... I do n't know , we 'll see . The problem is the sounds are n't very real -LRB- especially the cymbals , -RRB- and the pedal does n't react properly . Sometimes I click down on it with no reaction . Sometimes it triggers too early or twice . If it were n't for the pedal though , I would think this was okay ... I plan on trying it out on MIDI really soon and seeing about having it trigger my propellerhead reason samples . But so far this is n't as cool as I was hoping it would be .
 The sound quality is good
 The ad does not point out that the item is refurbished . It does have a note that any refurbished sets only have one pedal . This one has two , but looks like it went through a trash compactor before they shipped it . At no point in the ad did they say it 's damaged . I would n't buy anything from these guys , ever .
 I ca n't tight the string to my guitar because they do n't have ends and it 's a pain in the butt trying to make knots . I am still dealing with the problem
 I bought a set of classical -LRB- nylon -RRB- guitar strings a couple of months ago . They were labeled as `` student '' strings . I received them promptly , and they were so good that I ordered another set over a month ago , but they never arrived . So , I ca n't rate them . But the service actually gets no stars . They kept my money ! -LRB- 1 cent ! -RRB-
 Strings do not have stops on the ends which makes them impossible to tune . I had to manually tie knots on the ends of every string then when I went to tighten them they would just pop loose . After 10 tries I gave up .
 I was not happy with the sound of these strings . The EAD steel wound strings sound dull and the nylon GBE strings sound tinny . For an extra $ 2 I bought the D'Addario EJ45 Pro Arte and got a much , much higher quality sound out of my 40 yr old Yamaha G-60 . Spend the extra $ 2 its well worth it .
 If you do not know exactly what you are dealing with , stay away from it . should have come with one clubbed end
 There are so many guitar strings out there most people do n't what it 's all about & can be confusing for anybody pro , intermediate or beginner . I spoke with D'Addario about some of their strings & here are the details along with a few other things I 've learned over the years : -LRB- 1 -RRB- The first nylon classical string from D'Addario is the EJ27 line . These are `` Clear Nylon '' & Du Pont 's original Nylon 6,6 . The word `` student '' applied to them is now misrepresented & was only used because they offered short scale string length sets in this line
 I know about expansion and contraction and take good care of my little GS171 YAMAHA flamenco , -LRB- well kept humidity level room and away from sunlight too -RRB- I have been disappointed with these strings , They must have a very short shelf life compared to other brands . Over a period of three years using at least three three set boxes . . I experienced that every replacement set , one of the low silverplated strings will break / pop/snap on the guitar on it 's own just sitting on the stand . I own many acoustics and electrics and playing for decades , no set a strings break this fast . I would not recommend these after having this problem for at least six sets of three packed strings over the past few years .
 I bought these castanets for a flamenco class and am very disappointed . The castanet string included with these is an ineffective synthetic which does NOT work all and is not recommended for playing.I have to buy a new pair , and the return policy of the seller is ridiculous . Do NOT NOT NOT buy these castanets . They are terrible and unplayable.Having said that , I think these were the cheapest ones I saw advertised , so once again I learn the hard way that `` You get what you pay for . ''
 I 'm a flamenco dancer and use castanets a lot . I throught I could use these temporarily before I got the good -LRB- and expensive -RRB- ones , but it 's better to just save up for a good pair . I could n't even use them , and eventually I just tossed them .
 Not so great .1 . The plans are poorly photocopied spiral at home bound . They are not even first generation printed from a printer , the photos are very , very poor and hard to see . It would be better to have a . pdf provided so I can print my own book .2 . Very very few construction photos . No step by step instructions . This is basically a set of drawings .3 . The DVD is only 30 minutes long . Not nearly enough information to cover high quality construction , wood selection or tuning . No parts sources given .4 . The Ad shows a book in color . NOTHING is in color!Yes , it is a hammered dulcimer plan , but nothing more.Very disappointing .
 I wish the discription would of let me know that you ca n't rest any keyboard on top of it . Your keyboard has to be a specific size in order to be able to rest it on the bench . This bench is only for keyboards that have at least 71 keys or more .
 Bought this for my wife for Xmas and am returning it . She did n't like the cheap look of the keyboard stand or the bench . I 'm going to build her a stand and we 'll find a bench . Good for a kid 's room but not an item for an adult .
 I did not hear any change in sound improvement.The item was working for about twenty minutesand it was very hot.When you do n't buy directlyfrom Amazon and you do n't have full satisfaction , returning the item is a problem and you lose a great % of the money you paid for the item .
 This item was purchased through J&R Music and I was completely disappointed with the company . It was poorly packed -LRB- thin box -RRB- when I received it ... surprisingly the guitar managed to make it fine . I was ordering this as a birthday gift and paid extra for 2-day shipping . Initially it was advertised with an amp ... but when I received it there was none . I called the company and asked if the amp was coming in another shipment . They said there was a mistake and I 'd have to pack everything up and ship it back to receive the guitar/amp kit . I asked if they 'd simply ship me the amp ... but was told store policy forbid it . I re-packed and shipped it back , but did n't receive my next order in two days . So , I called and they stated there was an advertising mistake ... it did n't come with an amp . I told them they put me in a very bad position with no gift . They were barely apologetic . They did offer to send me overnight another brand kit ... which I did n't want . Ended by canceling my order . Each time I called the company , they were confused about my order and I have to talk with two or three different people . They could have solved the whole issue by just sending me an amp . I think it cost them more by shipping back and forth the original order . They just lost a customer . I ended up ordering from another company ... but the birthday gift was a week late .
 I bought this cymbal less than two weeks ago and it has already broken . I like meinl 's mb20 series but this is ridiculous .
 Does it 's job , but is put together in a very cheap and shoddy fashion , broke after 3 months of use , im not going to bother re-soldering this thing.Furthermore the layout of the plug creates a nasty mess of wires when you connect your output device to it -LRB- i.e. headphones or speakers -RRB- , and having all that additional weight of the plug and your headphone wires can cause it to fall right out of your guitar when playing.Oh and heres the icing on the cake , unless you remember to register your product you will get 0 customer support , they wo n't talk to you.All in all total failure .
 I got this with Raw Talent Guitar . I have Windows 7 and it does not work . I have had the run-around with tech support and I think they know that it 's hopeless for Windows users -LRB- they tell me to install and run as `` Administrator '' and other ideas which have yet to work -RRB- to no avail . I have gotten it to work on occasion , but I 'm not sure why it works sometimes and not other times . Windows users , DO NOT GET IT .
 If you are an Apple customer and are used to buying and installing a company 's products being `` easy '' , then brace yourselves . -LRB- Better yet just stay away from IKM . -RRB- The experience of installing their products - be it on PC or iPhone - is just punishing . -LRB- If you are used to endless licensing issues with legal copies of Windows , then you may find your IKM experience just slightly less annoying . -RRB- I hear their amp sim product is pretty impressive , technically . And if I could get the right driver for mine without providing my ADDRESS and PHONE NUMBER I might be able verify this . But unless they RADICALLY improve their customer experience , IKM is not going to make it , as a company , in the long run.Why must I provide intimate personal details including my address and phone number , to get a HARDWARE driver to work?I bought the iPlug thing , and also the Stealth Cable . The latter required registering to get functional drivers for my OS . I had to enter every conceivable personal item of info -LRB- which of course I populated with bogus data - wth do they need my phone number for ? -RRB- . But before I even got THAT far , I had to manually enter long strings of serial numbers . But to do that , I had to manually enter a URL - which , after multiple tries , gave a 404 . The page just did n't exist and it was n't my spelling . It took me 20 minutes of angrily searching their terrible website -LRB- I 'm a web designer - their site is terrible for customers -RRB- . I also recently bought an iPhone/MIDI adapter . It certainly was n't from IKM that 's for sure ! Not after the punishing experience I had as their former customer . It was from Line 6 . If you value your time , stay away from IKM . There are just too many competent competing products out there , in every category they do business in .
 I bought this as part of the Jimi Hendrix kit in October 2009 . The stealth plug driver installation does n't work and the product installation aborts . The IK Multimedia web site suggests going to their download section to download a 64 bit driver . Guess , what you can download product brochures and all sorts of other useless documentation but no drivers . It you want to make any contact with them , there are about twenty fields to fill out . If you are considering this product , I suggest you do a Google search on it first with search terms such as `` stealth '' `` install '' `` Windows 7 '' or Vista for that matter . You 'll likely bring back a lot of tales of woe around this product if your search yields the same results that mine did . I found a whole raft of problems people were having with this product in about 10 minutes on google . It 's a shame that the tech support people at IK Multimedia do n't do the same and fix up their product installation process or provide more support and better access on their web site . I 've got the Line 6 Guitar Port which actually works and is a great product . This stealth plug and the Jimi Hendrix Amplitude pack looked very promising . It 's a shame that it 's a total disaster .
 I planned on using this equipment instead of carrying around an amp while traveling . The stealthplug itself works fine . Has a little hiss to it . But the software that comes with it does not work . I have tried several whys to fix it including tech support . The drivers do not seem to be Vista compatable . In short , if you are wanting to use the effects advertised , be wary .
 Ordered this a few years ago and it took me about 4 days of searching the internet to figure out why it was n't working and why it was not compatible with my computer . Even after I got it installed it was a huge hassle to record with , so I ended up putting it on the shelf and not using it any more . A few years later I got a new computer and decided to give it another go . Well , it looks like this product is again not compatible with my system , and now has issues with 64bit machines , so it errors out every time I try and install . The only way to get the proper drivers is to jump through the registration hoops over at IK Multimedia and then contact customer service so they can give you the proper file . Never have I been so frustrated with something that was advertised as being so simple and easy to use.I 'm thinking about selling this on Craigslist , but I 'm also tempted to trash it just because no one else deserves to deal with the trouble of using this product . Ik Multimedia , you really blew it on this one .
 I ca n't use it because it 's protected for use in the USA only , I 'll think . My dvd player says ` wrong code '
 I think the concerts come across exactly like they were planned - let 's feature whoever we can get and throw in some representatives of genres here and there . But the main question the organizers appear to have forgotten to ask is , `` can they still sing well ? `` Some can - James Taylor , Jackson Browne , Art Garfunkel , Stevie Wonder , Bono , Springsteen and Jagger , but many ca n't , and just should n't
 When I ordered this item I thought I was getting the DVD . My husband just opened it and it is a set of 4 CD 's and no DVD . Am disappointed in the way this was presented .
 Oh my ! This is BORING -LRB- so far -RRB- ! And the performers generally looked tired -- alternating between whithering or bloating -- and apparently very sentimental
 This was horrible ! I was so excited to see some of the greats ! Holy smokes , i didnt realize the geriatrics Were performing ! Spend yor your money on somthing else , this sucks !
 Two copies of this Blu-Ray version . Each copy had audio drop outs on the first disc in exactly the same spots . It is like the master is no good .2 nd disc has some good stuff
 I received a copy with defects in the DVD - it hung-up / stuttered during the 4th or 5th song on each disc . I contacted the seller who was great about shipping a replacement but alas , the second copy had the same problem -LRB- actually slightly worse -RRB- . Note
 We bought this dvd . It played to a certain point , then it would not continue . We returned it , ordered another one , and the exact same thing happened in the exact same place on the dvd . Very disappointed.I wonder if anyone else had this same thing happen .
 Really wanted this DVD . On disc one , the volume cut in and out throughout making it impossible to listen to . Returned to Amazon for a replacement . I asked that the replacement disc not be from the batch/lot of the original . However , the replacement DVD had the same problem . Gave up and asked for a refund . The picture quality looks quite good , and for those that are lucky enough to have one with complete sound , I 'm sure it is a good product . You would think Time Life Entertainment would produce a quality product and have quality assurance and control procedures in place to keep defective discs from being distributed . These could be bootleg reproductions . I did give a one star rather than zero because Amazon was very quick and helpful in returning the item . Just wish that Amazon could have found me a good copy .
 The first copy I received was flawed , the sound cut in and out . After a few minutes , the sound was completely gone . I returned that copy and received a replacement . The second version had the same problem . I returned it for a refund . Do n't know if this is just a problem with the blu-ray version , am reluctant to try again with a DVD . Very disappointed in the quality control for this product .
 I 've used an earlier model of this stand -LRB- from the early '90s -RRB- and it was * much * sturdier . The top on this one is so flimsy that a thick book placed on one side causes it to bend . I guess it 's functional if you only put sheet music on it , but it 's a waste of an otherwise well-made foundation .
 Length :
 I have used my other pair of e-drum sticks for close to 10 years with no issues and I just switched to the anti-vibe sticks to try them out . Within the first SONG one of the sticks broke half-way through , and I was playing on a rubber E-DRUM set ... I do n't even know how that happens ! I rarely break sticks on an acoustic set and I have NEVER even heard of breaking sticks on an e-drum set . Maybe I just got a bad pair , but man , I am not going to gamble again with these . Terrible .
 Received the drum sticks for a birthday present . They do cut down the vibration which is great , and give more movement capabilities . But , the sticks cracked with in the first month that I had them , and the ink ran all over the sticks!I called Zildjian directly , and was told since the center of the stick is hollow , only use the tips , not the other ends of the sticks . I am sending sticks back to Zildjian for a replacement . Also They are not very phone friendly . I love Protec , they wear like iron !
 THIS REVIEW WAS ORIGINALLY FOR A DAEWOO DVD PLAYER . AMAZON CHANGED THE ITEM LISTED ON THIS PAGE AND DID N'T MOVE MY REVIEW . I 'M KEEPING IT UP FOR PEOPLE WHO COME TO THIS PAGE VIA GOOGLE CACHE SEARCH , LOOKING FOR A REVIEW OF THE DAEWOO DVD PLAYER.I 'm astonished by how bad this DVD player is . Yes , it plays DVDs from any region , but the `` playback '' is an immense problem that makes the item worthless.First , the video and audio playback are completely out of sync . This may not matter to you if you 're watching an imported film with subtitles , but watching any English DVD is a complete pain . The delay is about half a second or so , and it 's impossible to correct.Second , within 3 months of using this item -LRB- watching 3 or 4 DVDs a week -RRB- , the eject mechanism failed . I had to unscrew the top , pop off the casing , and manually open the tray to remove a stuck DVD . This problem happened a second time , and I had to remove the springs which close the DVD `` Eject '' door . It gets stuck on half of my DVDs , which means I have to take a butter knife to the player , stick the knfe in to the eject gear , and rotate it until the tray comes out far enough that I can pull it all the way out . When I close the tray , it does n't go all the way back in , so I have to nudge it with my finger tip.Finally , the video resolution is such poor quality that you can see vertical lines on the creen from 7 or 8 feet away -LRB- on a 27 '' TV -RRB- . This DVD player fails in every respect . I 'll toss mine in the trash once my replacement comes in the mail -- I would n't Ebay this to anyone . I have no other experience with Daewoo products , but after this , I 'd say buy from another company altogether .
 RJ Tech products are garbage . I bought their karaoke system and soundbar and they broke down in less than a week . Their customer service is also garbage . Rude , impatient people who could barely speak English over the phone . I went to their office in Chino and their manager , a bumbling fellow by the name of William Hsiao , admitted that their products are junk and they get complaints everyday . This guy had the nerve to accuse me of tampering with the POS they sold me . After an hour of arm twisting they finally agreed to replace their junk . I went home and used them for about a week before they died again . Went back to their office in Chino and that they said they wo n't honor warranty on a replacement ?! I gave up and just threw their POS in the garbage next to their office . As I drove off I saw two of their employees digging through the thrash to salvage the POS they sold me . They 'll probably try to resell them as `` refurb '' ... This company is garbage , STAY AWAY !!!
 I purchased a RJ4200 DVD CDG Divx RJ4200PK Karaoke Player , 2 Mic + Supercore 2008 - 16 CDG on 2/16/09 though a karaoke website and got it in about a week . I hooked it up and the CDG played just fine , but when I tried to sing into the mic it would make a terrible crackling sound . I thought that maybe it was the mics , so used the my own mics that I 've always used with my old karaoke machine and it did the same thing . I also tried to adjusting the mic volume , the echo , the delay , and the results were all the same . I feel like I would of been better off just buying a little karaoke machine for $ 35 I never had any trouble with the one I 've had for years . Anybody that says this karaoke player is great are fooling themselves and do n't karaoke very much . If you enjoy karaoke like I do PLEASE HEED THIS WARNING !!!! Save your money and read good reviews before you make a purchase
 I purchased a RJ Tech RJ-4200 from Newegg via this website , and it is highly defective . Even with high end mikes , there is distortion with the vocals , and any higher volume , even with extensive adjustment of the mike volume vs. unit volume the problem does not go away . I thought this was a deal at 69.99 , but a Karaoke player that garbles the vocals is worth nothing . Avoid this unit and Newegg
 The RJTech 4200 karaoke machine with dual microphones is a complete piece of junk . Not only did the microphones not work , the machine stopped working within one day , and it ate up my karaoke disc . What a waste of time and money . I would rate it in the minus star category , not even one star .
 Claims to play all formats but will not play a regular DVD.Don ' t waist your time move on .
 this product do n't show enough picture when i played it it goes up and down
 I have owned bags made by Beato in the past -LRB- 1990 's -RRB- and I still have them around !!! However these are nothing like those ones !!!!! I have had these less than 6 months and already there is a rip in one bag and several holes caused by minor scratches in the others . These are thin and weak little bags . there is no padding , insulation or anything resembling a second layer inside . Needless to say I pack my drums into these approximately one times a week for 4-6 months -LRB- to bring them to church and back -RRB- and these are not the protection for my drum I thought they would be . These cases are little more than simply putting a handle on each of your drums to make them easier to carry . if something bumps up against your drums while in these cases make no mistake it will still leave a nice scratch or dent on the drum inside . I dunno , for the price I just thought they 'd be made of a little stronger stuff .
 This item when received is of poor quality considering the items that it was made to carry . It is a light plastic with no support at all , no cloth in the inside nor is there a lining of sponge to protect the drum , simply poor poor poor poor .
 Very cheaply made . I am sorry I bought them . I would not recommend them to anyone . I am ordering some other bags from a competitor and for around the same price .
 This guitar is not really good in any respect . It is horrible without an amp . The shallow bowl can not project any worthwhile sound . I thought it would be a pretty good starting point for a nylon based on the reviews here but its not . The cheaper Ibanez units sound better - found that out later . With an amp its got some sound - its just not anything I can get into or play in front of people . Look elsewhere for your nylon needs . It did improve when I changed the strings to silk and steel and you can do that on this unit because of the bridge design . That is not the sound I want either but it makes the guitar not a total bust .
 I was anticipating the guitar to be the color that was posted on your web site , -LRB- Redish color -RRB- instead I received an all black color guitar . I am disappointed .
 i bought this guitar for $ 230 ... not woth anything . i brought it to my local guitar center , and they said they would give me $ 50 for it . this guitar sucks .
 i buy this guitar it arrived here 19 january , today i take it here in my transfer company usa2georgias office but there arrived only bag . the bag was ampty there was not AE128-5 Acoustic Electric Guitar . please let me know what heepend . if here need some additional information about order i will sent you .
 I am very disappointed . The guitar was packed with its strings tensioned and the top detachment partially from the guitar body.It is unusable until repaired.Update
 Ordered this from Amazon thinking I would save money because they had it for the lowest price anywhere . I would have rather paid the $ 40.00 that I saved to Guitar Center or Muscians Friend because I had to return it as soon as I got it . The guitar was defective . It was n't setup properly , intonation ? -LRB- there was no intonation -RRB- , action was too high . It was n't playable in it 's received condition . I would have had to bring it to a guitar shop for a setup which would have cost $ 60.00 . Sorry Amazon , I really do like your services but is there any way for your company to check things before they 're shipped . It could avoid hard feelings .
 I am so disappointed , the picks look like they ran out of ink and did not care for what the costumer would think about it . Or did you guys send me used picks ? . SpurSumatra 's review is very accurate but i still bought them and I regret it . I do not recommend anyone to buy these , save your money and time .
 The light does n't work - from the &#34; Sqeeze here to try &#34; on the outer package . This try-before-buy type of packaging risks product damage - as not new , but used or -LRB- as in this case -RRB- broken . It was a Christmas gift . Very disappointed and unhappy .
 Light stopped working after a month . It only can handle 4 thick picks . Without the light it is pointless to have something so bulky .
 While this was the perfect gift for my musician husband , the key chain loop gave out after two days of use . Now it is just a useless pick holder - keeping picks out of his pockets was the main goal . very disappointed that weak craftmanship on a simple metal chain ruined an otherwise perfect gift .
 After six months of very light use , one of the speakers died . It took forever to contact Samson and when they finally accepted the equipment was defective they just never send the replacement.The guy on the store told me that with this model Samson actually did a good job -LRB- compared with all the rest of their substandard products -RRB- but at the end this proves that Samson is just a bad and lousy company that ca n't make it good.Be wise and stay away from anything Samson .
 I have gone through three of these and I give up ! The first time I bought one for a outdoor gig where I used a 6k Honda Inverter generator . The PRO 3500 outlets all shut down before the first set . Total watt draw was about 1800 watts at the time . We used a $ 12 Ace Hardware power strip and finished the gig . I sent the unit to Monster -LRB- their service is excellent for returns , RMA 's , etc. -RRB- in San Rafael and received a brand new in-the-box replacement . I quickly used that one for another live gig -LRB- with commercial power -RRB- and that unit shut down as well . I became leary of them at that point and found out that many others shared the same dilemma . Nonetheless , I just got a new one back after returning the 2nd one and this one did the very same thing at my Relay For Life gig . Strike Three ! Monster products are usually top-of-the-line and very well made . I just bought their `` lesser '' model 1000 Pro and I will give that a try . I need power protection and I need reliablility . I believe the 3500 PRO is over-circuited for live sound . Please respond if you have had similar or different experiences .
 This thing is big and heavy and not pretty . But it does offer some good protection if one issue I 'm having is not caused by it.At first I put it with my equipment but it 's too bulky and all the bright lights and moving digital read outs are way beyond what you want in any home rack . It taks away from any Hi Def picture much more than you would want if it 's placed near your screen.Also ... . After having it for a month I hear a click then my equipment goes lower in audio . I 'm trying to see if it 's the 3500 or my cable box as I 've only noticed this so far with my DVR . Sounds like a cloest door opening , that sort of spark like sound from a flouresent light bulb.It 's cheap enough that I 'll keep it but I 'd get something else with level 3 or better protection next time that is not so ... . sorry to say ugly.And it gets hot . Not the type of equipment you should leave on all the time.This thing is for a band that goes on the road if you ask me . NOT a home owner .
 Bought this on super clearance sale , still do n't think it was worth the money . Looks nice but parts are cheap , instrument is barely playable . I 'd only recommend it as a piece of interior design or a prop in a play .
 I bought this for my sons birthday . It shows a BLACK guitar in the picture but what I got -LRB- when I finally got it -RRB- was the natural color guitar . Now , let 's talk about what I got
 If you look at the picture you 'll see six tuners of an electric guitar.The body of the guitar is made of BASSwood and that is probably where they got the idea that this is a bass guitar . The neck is of a slim design and is a little too narrow for my fat fingers.The guitar is solid and sounds good , all-in-all a good set but not what is advertised!As a guitar I 'd give it a 4.5 , the poor rating is that it is NOT a bass guitar !
 I purchased a euphonium from this company , and the valves are useless and do not even move . Do n't waste your money on this garbage .
 I though this was the case with the molded sides , but this has soft sides . Saxophones are too delicate to put in a case with flexible sides . I did n't realize it until too late to return and do n't want to sell it and contribute to the detriment of someone else 's horn . Very disappointed with description of this case . Stuck with two underwhelming soft cases and keeping MY horn it its original box .
 the fabric is not sturdy and after a few uses the strap broke and the fabric tore . My son is a consummate musician and this bag was an awful purchase , I will look for a better product for him to carry his sax . Huge disappointment
 Ordered 2 sizes of the Remo drum for my grandson . They each came with 2 mallets . Thats OK except due to the misleading ad we ordered another mallet in a `` Amazon Special '' Ended up with 2 drums and 5 mallets . To add insult to injury , we had to pay frieght on the single mallet . Grandson loves drums but this is the first time I felt ripped off by a Amazon ad . Also , ad did not give ages for kids . On the large drum it is for children 5 and older . For the smaller drum it is designed for ages 3 and older . My little guy is only 1 but loves the drums . Just needs to be watched .
 First of all my complains are not targetted to the customer service , since it was as expected
 The roll up keyboard certainly is convenient because it is portable . Great for the apartment dweller or anyone who is tight on space.The sound quality of the piano is below average as it has a tin like sound . Also the keys on rare occasions produce a different pitch or sound than it should . And sometimes , while playing the keyboard it will stop completely , however simply turning it off and back on will resolve the issue . All of the above makes me question its durability in the long-term . Finally , this is OK as a beginner piano to see if your kid has interest or if you are like me , a singer and just need to pluck out notes to learn songs . If you are already a proficient keyboardist , this product may not be for you .
 The timing on using the roll up piano as a the midi controller was a joke . The response time was so slow , there was a full second between pressing the key and hearing the note inside of Cubase and Sonar.You also could not turn off the internal sounds of the rollup piano . I had to plug in headphones just to shut of the sounds to hear my VST plugin patch .
 To the reviewer from Moscow , ID . - who wants to buy a software application and then have to come back to Amazon and buy extra books written by third party users in order to understand how to use the software ? Well the answer is nobody - except Amazon.And to say that Finale is the gold standard for profesionals is absurd . I am a professional copyist and I much prefer to use Sibelius . I only use Finale when required -LRB- I am an expert on both -RRB- . And when I get Finale files from clients - the first thing I do is import them into Sibelius . Most of the publishers I deal with feel the same way .
 Finale is good , and you can pretty much do the same things as with Sibelius , but the latter is incredibly faster and easier to use . Sibelius is really intuitive -- I just guess something and it usually works -- which really saves you a lot of time
 Well , I used Finale for several years and thought it must the best notation software out there , though I found it quite hard work to learn -LRB- a story I 've often heard from other composers -RRB- , being a musician first and foremost rather than a computer expert.Then I tried Sibelius , which took off like wildfire here in the UK a few years ago . A revelation - the difference is so great , nothing would make me go back to Finale now , after all those months of struggling with it before I could get any real work done . I mastered Sibelius in a few hours , and was writing a new piece on it the next day.The main thing I had to do was unlearn all the complications -LRB- endless dialogs etc. -RRB- that I 'd had to amass for years with Finale - and had always assumed was inevitable when you bought notation software . Now I realise that it 's just down to how Finale was designed -LRB- for some reason -RRB- . With Sibelius , you just do the most obvious thing -LRB- click on something with the mouse , move it -RRB- and just what you expected happens.So before jumping into buying Finale I recommend you give Sibelius a serious look .
 I received this Bodhran very quickly from Amazon . It was true to size , though felt a little chintzier than I expected . I guess I assumed it would be a little heavy , but this is a very light drum . My big problem with is were two finger prints on the drum head in what I 'm guessing is enamel paint , very obvious and plain to see ; very sloppy workmanship . Even if I was n't giving this as a gift -LRB- which I am -RRB- , this is unacceptable . I am returning this and have already purchased `` Trinity College TB-3 Bdhran with Black Rim '' from a different seller on Amazon as a replacement .
 I bought this based on other reviews but when I received it , I was disappointed in the sound . It might make a fine prop for a cub scout fire circle but as an Irish hand drum , it falls flat . I expected a low flat sound associated with this type of drum but it has a very high sound.It takes a lot of hand work to make this playable . Next time , I 'll buy one Ican play first . Like all handmade instruments , they vary . My advice , try first buy second .
 One of the reeds inside rattled and did not sound true right out of the packaging . I imagine it would be a real nice harmonica if it did n't arrive broken right out of the packaging .
 pros : . solid neck joint -LRB- for a bolt on -RRB- on both models.extremely hot pups -LRB- stock wise anyway -RRB- . fairly thin neck -LRB- good for some , but not me i like slightly thicker `` U '' necks so i dont cramp up and `` U '' necks generally mold with my hand well -RRB- . great back contour * cons : . the fretbord cracked on my 1st model while slightly adjusting -LRB- thought it was because it was a floor model -RRB- . the replacement sounded like a kazoo when first strummed . i looked and found that the fretbord was separated slightly at the top from the neck . . the nut slid while playing -LRB- can only imagine playing the floyd model -RRB- . the switch sunk into pocket . . the bridge was so sharp it snapped the strings faster than i put them on . . was more of a `` U '' than a `` C '' contour -LRB- my preferred contour personally , maybe troublesome for others * -RRB- conclusion : . would be a great guitar if glued right . . might be a bad year or someone slacking off on the QC department -LRB- just a guess -RRB- . . the hardware could be betterthese are things i encountered with SGR maybe not you . but BE CAREFUL WHEN BUYING & test drive it first at a guitar center , music and arts , or at any SGR dealer .
 They play fine , but do n't expect a nice looking pick . I purchased the Angel and the Biohazard picks expecting them to look like the picture -LRB- a nice fake mother-of-pearl look -RRB- . Instead they are generic picks , with either a sticker put on them , or the graphic is POORLY printed on the pick itself . It looks like it was done with a dot matrix printer from the late 80 's . Everything is washed out , and you can barely make out what the picture is.Man , I was so dissapointed . The picture looked so nice too . .
 Do n't waste your money . Like the previous review , I too was expecting a cool angel design like the one in the picture for the listing . Instead I received a horrid , washed-up picture on the pick that barely resembled an angel . I am giving this two stars since at least I was able to return it to the seller for a refund . I lost my money for the shipping however which was expensive since I live in Canada .
 I do n't know what the big hoop-te-doo is about Clayton designer guitar picks . High quality graphics are great to look at but I 've not had any clayton guitar picks that worked all that well.I guess they are cool to show off to people . . hey I play guitar check out my cool picks , LoLI would n't buy these again , even if I ran out of other options . They kinda suck .
 I thought that Clayton picks would be of quality . The picks look NOTHING like the picture . It looks to be a 2 color job of yellow and black and the printing is faded . 50mm ? I do n't think so , they are slightly thicker than my Fender thins . Every pick in my bag has a strong bend in them ! They re almost unusable . Stay away and stick to Fender and Dunlop .
 I 've been trying out lots of different harmonicas recently , which has given me a great opportunity to compare them all . This Special 20 was the first I tried . I found it perfectly fine at first , until I started trying other models . Now , I find it to be very `` stiff '' , and some notes are difficult to play , but are easy on other harmonicas . Also , notes seem to get stuck more easily . I would n't recommend this one .
 my husband bought this along with four other pedals and got two days of playing around with them over the holidays before this one stopped working . He 's a pretty handy guy and could not get it to work again . It was returned ; they others are going strong .
 Compared to the vintage Dynacomp the new model seems quite weak . It doesnt have the raw power of the originals and not a lot of comp range at all . Look for an original version ...
 This capo was great for the first few weeks I had it . I then realized that the spring inside it became a lot weaker , and loose.Now it is difficult to get it to hold down the low E string .
 I use capos a lot and this one was one of the worst.At first , it worked well . It fit comfortably in my hands when moving it , etc. . Then the side caps came off repeatedly until finally they were lost and every time I went to put the capo on my guitar , it exploded ! There is one large spring in the hinge that keeps the tension there . without the caps on the sides it just falls out . Terrible defect .
 The capo was not strong enough to hold down the guitar strings to obtain a clear tone . No matter how I adjusted it on the fret it would only give me half muted sounds . I returned it .
 Regardless of what the package advertises as for 6 or 12 string , this capo does not function properly for a 12 string guitar . The spring is just to weak . It functions fine for use with a 6 string guitar .
 Might just be a weaker capo but at first it did its job then after awhile it stopped pressing down the strings so hard so alot of the times the strings viberate on the capo and it sounds really bad id reccomend going with kyser they are alot better
 It serves the purpose but it 's too tense , applies too much pressure to the fretboard , needs too much strength to install and it makes tuning go sharp . Every time I use it I have to pretty much retune the 6 strings , defeating the purpose of the capo itself . In order to use it live I had to bring two guitars to the stage , I usually play DGCFAD so the second guitar had the capo in the second fret to make it standard E Tuning but I had to tune it before the show to guarantee good pitch . When my main guitar snaped a string , I had to use the one with the capo , remove the capo and then retune the 6 strings for it to be in tune.All in all , I advise you buy the Planet Waves NS dual or tri action capo .
 Dunlop trigger-style guitar capo , `` Electric Trigger `` This capo works great , but it stained the neck of my vintage electric guitar . It put a dark round-ish spot in the middle of the back of the neck -LRB- and also small permanent marks on the headstock where I clamped it when not using it -RRB- . From now on I will look for capos that have a better reputation for ` non-staining ' , and I will also remove any capo immediately after playing , to be safe .
 We ordered mermaid version guitar and were told it was n't available by the seller , they offered to exchange for the fairy version in pink.It arrived looking like it had spent a month under someones bed , dirty -LRB- actual dust bunnies on the frets ! -RRB- , the design missing half of it 's paint and color . I called and after getting the run around was assured we would be refunded and would n't have to pay shipping back to seller . Seller then emailed to ask us to remove negative feedback . I originally left this feedback on the mermaid version of this guitar , you ca n't see that page anymore so I decided to leave it here . Disappointed ! We reordered the same guitar from a different seller and the quality was orders of magnitude better .
 This guitar is really cute , love the artwork . It made me sad that I had to return it due to the fact it would n't tune . Should be only $ 20 guitar . If you are serious about wanting your child to play I do n't recomend it.If you want an expensive toy this is it .
 Do not buy this product ! It is terrible . I had so wanted this to be a wonderful gift for my daughter . She already reads music and plays piano . She expressed an interest in playing the guitar . My wife and I are both musically inclined and I own several `` real '' guitars . I was advised not to by this by a friend who owns a music store . I should have listened . The guitar arrived with many flaws in the paint . There was a large bare spot on the back of the neck . The plastic bridge had hardened glue residue all over it . The guitar itself looked and felt like a toy . The paint was something my nine-year-old daughter could have done much better . The decals were applied poorly . The string action on the guitar was so high that it would have precluded anyone from playing it in the first place . To all of you out there who are looking for a first guitar for your child , do yourself a favor and either go to a local music store and buy a `` real '' guitar , or if you are only looking for a toy , go to a toy store store and by one there . You will save a lot of money . Seriously , I would not pay more than $ 20.00 for this . But in all reality , I would n't buy it at all . It 's completely worthless ! ** UPDATE ** December 25thAfter sending back the P.O.S. Luna , I went to my local Guitar Center and purchased a Yamaha FG Junior guitar . Amazon also sells it for the same price - $ 129.00 . At the Guitar Center I got to try it out . The guitar is awesome ! Like a `` real '' guitar , it is made of wood ! It has a wood bridge , adjustable truss rod - everything a real guitar is supposed to have . My nine-year-old daughter loves it . I realize it 's twice as much as the Luna , but again , it is a real guitar , not a toy . The only reason I bought it at the Guitar Center was that I was able to try it out for myself . The sales person was actually nice enough to let me try a few because at this low price range , some guitars were set up better than others . But all of them were playable . It may not be pink , but at least it can be played . I 'm taking my daughter to a guitar shop to pick out a pink strap and get some stickers to put on it . She could n't be happier .
 I tend to think of myself as , at least mildly , an aware person . Yet , somehow , I managed to overlook the part about this not being compatible with laptops and notebooks . There are 3 laptops in the house and not a desktop to be found rendering the keyboard completey useless . This may actually be a worthwhile purchase if you have a desktop , I would n't be able to advise you on that . I may still be desperate enough to go out and buy a desktop , but is n't that getting a little rediculous ? In the past I have purchased keyboards for my computers , but never a computer for my keyboard . In other words , do n't bother buying this if you are a laptop/notebook user .
 Purchased two of these for Mackie 450s . Flimsy design . After minimal usage , about one job a month , top handle ripped . Wheels are flimsy and are out of alignment and broken . I puchased a EVI hard case for them and am eager for when it arrives .
 I am a professional DJ and have used these bags for about two years . They will hold the Speakers great but ... they are not made well . The wheels after some . . -LRB- not much -RRB- ... use will bow allowing the center of the bag by the wheels to drag on the ground . this causes unrepairable damage to the nylon and ! / 4 '' plywood on the bottom ... This is a bad design and SKB should address this issue with this bag . The handles stick after some use also . If I were you I would invest in a ATA case for speakers ... much more durable and robust ... -LRB- I did -RRB- ... SKB warranty on `` soft '' bags is terrible . Steer clear if you want to USE these bags , , , UPDATE
 It 's small , there are no foot paddle inputs , there are limitations to the preprogrammed settings , there 's no MIDI output . The sounds are fine , but not spectacular . My eight year old cousin thinks it 's GREAT ; I think it 's substandard . Fine for kids or screwing around ; lousy for actual music making .
 As a drummer i looked for quality in this product and did not find it . The sound quality is good but its nowhere near the sound of an actual drum . I bought this so i could practice without waking the neighborhood but found that this product probably helped them and me sleep , BORING ! If your a insomniac this is for you !!
 I 'm really sorry to say that it was very disappointing . Believe it or not , very difficult to install . I imagine if you have a $ 5,000.00 Gibson Mastertone , you might have better results . I , on the other hand , did n't and had to relocate the banjo 's top rimrod and modify the pickup mounting bracket just to get it to clear the banjo 's head . The sound was adequate .
 I 've never written a review on Amazon , but I do an embarrassing amount of shopping here , mostly music gear . I purchased these mic clips because they were listed as `` flexible '' , and because of the positive , if few , reviews on them . Unfortunately , I have had terrible luck with them . I ordered four clips to use to hold Shure SM57s and SM58s . Immediately , one of the clips broke in half . I thought it was a fluke , so I sent it back to Amazon , and they sent me another one . Unfortunately , again , the other clips have broken also . Amazon , as usual , was fantastic for the return , but all of the clips broke within less than one week of receiving them .
 with mic clips , you get what you pay for . bought two of these for home studio . put shure 58 's in them and the both split down the middle . plastic army men are more durable than these things . spend another couple bucks , trust me !
 This item broke during the first use . The material is flexible to the point of cracking immediately while simply placing the microphone into it . Warning not worth a dime !
 This product literally lasted less than 24 hours , it 's so cheap it broke while holding the mic overnight , i came out and the whole thing broke apart like the plastic was so poor it could n't even hold together . This was one of the worst buys i 've done . DO NOT BUY . WILL BREAK IMMEDIATELY .
 I received my microphone clip today . I put it on the microphone stand at 6:00 PM . It is 10:00 PM and the clip just broke . What a crappy product . I have not called the company , and do not intend to waste my time . Do n't buy this product .
 We ordered several pieces of sound type equipment and was pleased with all but this piece . My son went to attach his mic and it snapped and broke.Will have to order another more sturdy piece.Bummed as it was part of his completing his system .
 ... and what I got was cheap rubber . When you snap the microphone clip onto the microphone , after a short time , it starts to break . But I have it 2 stars because if you SLIDE the clips onto the mics , you should be fine , but I suggest finding another clips .
 It broke within a week , after one of my students held on to it . Not a good sign about the product !
 Ordered 2 and one has already broken ... . Cheap NOT flexible ... . Do no buy to use with 57s or 58s ...
 I bought this to hold my dreadnaught acoustic guitar in my living room . It has such a short back leg that it got unbalanced with the weight of the guitar . Maybe it 's fine on a solid surface , but on medium carpeting it was wobbly and less stable than leaning the guitar against a bookshelf .
 I had that feeling a person has when they are nearby watching as an infant take his or her first steps , when i entrusted the stand to spare my les paul standard a good fall to the floor . I thought `` well , this is a really heavy guitar ; i 'll try the Ibanez S5470 . '' I had the same feeling I felt earlier -- fear for the safety of my guitar . You would have to be quite the physicist/engineer with the patience of Job to find a position that I would feel ensured the safety of my guitars.Oh , and I tried the stand on both carpeted and tiled floors and it had the same poor performance . It is constructed well and would hold the guitars if the rear support was longer -- it 's stubby .
 Husband does n't like it , so our toddlers use it for their little guitar . Perfect for a child.I do n't recommend for a full size guitar
 These are terrible , broke 2 pairs , both at the butt end of the stick in the last 6 months . I had to replace the sleeves every week , and they make your toms sound dead . If you have ever done any marching you probably know what a `` dead '' stick is . This feels like a dead stick straight out of the box . The only reason I tried two pairs is because I go through wood sticks like crazy and thought this was better for my wallet but after 60 bucks on the sticks , $ 4 a week on sleeves , and the constant headache of the sound and feel , they are not worth it . Yeah they might feel good and last long on an electric kit but so do # 2 pencils.Also , just for reference , I play hard but I only play two times a week for about 4 hours a day at my church . It 's not like I 'm playing speed metal 7 days a week .
 Do n't buy this or anything from this company -LRB- Macware -RRB- , you will never get any support or update.They just cheat people with old version , and you ca n't get any support.We have profs about what we are saying , it 's bad and sad that some company dos work like this.Just find the original author , there you will get update and support .
 Quite simply - the program does not work ! Neither the manufacture nor Amazon were of much help resolving this problem . UHG !
 There is a loud pop when I press the mute button on this cable . It does n't work as advertised . I am using it to run from a passive Schatten pickup in my acoustic guitar to an L.R. Baggs Para DI direct box .
 Do n't waste your money in this cable ... is cheap and is not realyable ... Make a lot of noise ... and ... if your lucky will last two months . .
 Do n't waste your money in this cable ... is cheap and is not realyable ... Make a lot of noise ... and ... if your lucky will last two months . .
 Alright , first off im not a kid im just too lazy to go through the whole process for the other one . Now that thats cleared up back to the strings . THESE ARE TERRIBLE . The ball ends on the first 3 strings are just knots with little plastic things on em . Secondly , the higher strings stretch way too much . I was turning the knobs for what seemed like an hour only to find that they were still too flat . Finally , they dont stay in tune . I played lightly for about half an hour when i realized that they were out of tune . This might just be my guitar but whatever . Bottom line
 I bought this to convert some . AVI and . MOV files so I could try video podcasting with a web multimedia class I teach . I 've done this successfully with a shareware product , but thought the resulting video could be a little sharper , so I was willing to pay for and try a commerical product . -LRB- Pinnacle , right ? They do a lot of this stuff , they must know what they 're doing ... -RRB- HA !!!! HUGE mistake . The interface is horrible , and the conversion just-plain-sucks . Everything came out in flouescent colors with huge blocks covering the screen . Totally , completely unwatchable . It looks like a 60s psychedellic experience , like `` motion art , '' not like a proper video at all . Avoid this product !!!
 i got these when i was in a pinch and just wanted to make music with a midi program on my computer , and they get the job done . but they are stiff even with constant plying . i now own the micro korg xl , a huge step up . but totally worth every penny . also the keys on this thing are ridiculously small ...
 The keyboard does a nice job as a usb unit . The packaging does a less than stellar job of clearly stating up front that none of the educational software is written for the Mac .
 El producto es muy peque & ntilde ; o y no sirve para producir al nivel que yo lo quiero hacer ... Creo que este controlador es mas para ni & ntilde ; os y para que ellos jueguen ... Inclusive en la caja salen dibujos de ni & ntilde ; os ...
 Purchased this keyboard for my middle school grandson . He is just now taking music in school and shows a real interest . Therefore this seemed to be a good beginning keyboard for the price . It came with 3 software packages . The one is for preschool or younger and works . The other is for someone who knows a lot about keyboards and how to apply them in a computer environment . He was so excited ! But the one piece of software that I needed - Music Teacher 3.0 by Evolution will not work on any of our 3 computers . I have spent days trying to locate a patch that would make it ` backwards ' compatible . The manuals say it is an easy fix to just go to their website and download the patch . However , Evolution 's website bounces you to M-Audio 's website and then you end up in a website for AVID . None of which has a patch for this software . I have emailed but no response so I will be sending this item back . We are very disappointed .
 BE AWARE ! This is a misleading advertisement ... sure , there 's 37 keys . But they forget to tell you the keys are miniature . That 's right , 37 keys that are cut in 1/2 which are PERFECT if you 're a child or a little person .
 This is a perfectly functional MIDI controller . It 's not velocity sensitive , but for many applications this does n't matter . There is also no built-in capability to shift octaves , but depending what you 're using it for this might not be a huge issue either.The problem with this keyboard is that it 's just too small . Yes , the description describes them as `` mini keys . '' But I 've used other keyboards that claim `` mini keys '' that were significantly larger than these . I found it nearly impossible on this keyboard to hit a single key ; the keys are just barely as wide as my fingers.I knew when I saw the box that I had made a horrible mistake . This item is obviously intended almost solely for children . It 's actually perfect for children ; but the description does n't make this particularly clear.If you 're looking for a quasi-functional MIDI controller on the cheap for adult use , look elsewhere . This might work for playing simple beats , but for actually playing melodies you 'll just find yourself frustrated .
 My son ordered this to add to his music program . He is 12 . He was disappointed that the key board keys were too small and that there was a significant delay before you could hear the note . Overall , the quality of the keyboard did not match the description for which my son based his order .
 I was disappointed that this keyboard does not register key velocity . Other than that , it is fine for what it is . IF all you need to do is trigger sounds , then this is a good travel keyboard .
 My ring finger is a size 3 , and these keys were too small for my fingers ! I ended up shelling out the $ 180 for the M-Audio Axiom 25 , and returned the ekeys . Definitely not for adults due to its toddler size .
 If you are n't a toddler you 've outgrown thisKeys are exceptionally small , save yourself the money and make a tissue box guitar : P
 I put these on my Martin OM-28V about a week ago . I was hoping they would change ... improve , but nope . This will be about the second set of strings I have removed right after installing them due to poor performance . Dull , lackluster , almost like they are already dead . The strings I replaced sounded better than these , but I thought , `` Hey , if Clapton chose them ... '' . Of course , he could get music out of a lamp cord . Not me . I need help . Unbelievable that these are rated as Light gauge , or even medium light . Solid mediums . I am not a professional , but I have used a lot of different types of strings in 46 years - including Black Diamonds .
 I am very disappointed in this harp . I decided to buy the Meghan as I already own the 22 string Heather harp which is also made by Mid East . I am very pleased with the Heather , and I highly recommend it . The Meghan , however , is very nice as long as I only want to play in the key of C. Almost all of the sharpening levers need adjusting which is something beyond my capabilities . I have 30 days to decide if I should return this harp , and I must spend that time trying to find someone nearby who can fix the sharpening levers at a reasonable price . In my opinion , this instrument should have arrived in playable condition ; I should not have to pay extra to have it fixed , nor have to spend time trying find someone capable of fixing it .
 Agile makes a very nice Les Paul copy for the money but do not be fooled by this extremely over inflated price tag .
 I never used this brand before i ordered these . They split almost immediately . I went through them way to soon . I was not pleased with this product .
 My review is based on one purchase of 3-pack , so this is an account of my personal experience with this particular purchase and not a review based on extensive sampling of the brand . One out of the three reeds in the package was cracked and could not be played at all -LRB- reed case obscured the fault -RRB- , one read was not cut well and will need some work and one reed appeared OK but , after playing it , I found it was much stiffer than indicated strength , so it will require more work . I found such obvious lack of quality control on part of manufacturer appalling . I bought quite of few reeds in the past -LRB- some even without brand names -RRB- and never before I was moved to write a negative review . I will never buy Rico Royal again .
 I 've been using Primo 's for a while and love them but they 're very hard to find.Thought I try these b/c of the good reviews.Very disappointed ... these reeds -LRB- and I tried 7 of the 10 to be sure -RRB- sound like I 'm playing thru a towel ... Muffled & weak.On the upside , I purchased the Rico &#34; plastiCOVER &#34; reeds in the same orderand absolutely love them !!! They last long & provide excellent tone throughoutthe life the reed .
 I never used this brand before i ordered these . They split almost immediately . I went through them way to soon . I was not pleased with this product .
 I 've been using Primo 's for a while and love them but they 're very hard to find.Thought I try these b/c of the good reviews.Very disappointed ... these reeds -LRB- and I tried 7 of the 10 to be sure -RRB- sound like I 'm playing thru a towel ... Muffled & weak.On the upside , I purchased the Rico &#34; plastiCOVER &#34; reeds in the same orderand absolutely love them !!! They last long & provide excellent tone throughoutthe life the reed .
 My review is based on one purchase of 3-pack , so this is an account of my personal experience with this particular purchase and not a review based on extensive sampling of the brand . One out of the three reeds in the package was cracked and could not be played at all -LRB- reed case obscured the fault -RRB- , one read was not cut well and will need some work and one reed appeared OK but , after playing it , I found it was much stiffer than indicated strength , so it will require more work . I found such obvious lack of quality control on part of manufacturer appalling . I bought quite of few reeds in the past -LRB- some even without brand names -RRB- and never before I was moved to write a negative review . I will never buy Rico Royal again .
 At first installation I was totally impressed , the sound is awesome . However some other friends warned me that the plastic ring that holds the muffler will crack . Sure enough I had the head maybe 6 months and the ring cracked and that cause a rattling noise that is just unacceptable . The sad thing is that I use this drum a max of 3 times a month so this becomes an expensive proposition . I 've gone back to the Aquarian SD2 and glad that I did .
 Lousy recepton . Noisy and interference static when the mixer was less that ten feet away ! Returned it immediately . Too cheaply made plastic item .
 At first installation I was totally impressed , the sound is awesome . However some other friends warned me that the plastic ring that holds the muffler will crack . Sure enough I had the head maybe 6 months and the ring cracked and that cause a rattling noise that is just unacceptable . The sad thing is that I use this drum a max of 3 times a month so this becomes an expensive proposition . I 've gone back to the Aquarian SD2 and glad that I did .
 I bought these at my local music store for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks . Each reed honestly lasted about a week under normal playing conditions . Playing daily for about an hour a day . I only had one good reed from the box and i would not recommend these . You can get more for your moneys worth with a box of 5 vandoren .
 These reeds came from Musicians Friend and it took almost a month for them to arrive after being ordered . When I enquired about when they would be arriving , they could not give me a date or even a week . They basically said it could take anywhere from 5 days to 60 days . I was very dissatisfied with the service of this transaction . I will be buying my reeds from someplace else .
 The metal feet on the chinrest I received were bent out of shape . I had to force them to bend back straight to even attempt to fit it on an instrument . Even now , it does not sit totally flat , and I will be ordering another elsewhere .
 I played trumpet many years ago and purchased one of these trumpets to accompany my daughter who is now learning to play an instrument . I found the tone quality disappointing , which did not surprise me given the low cost of the instrument . What I truly found disappointing , and what will frustrate beginning players , is the poor design and workmanship of the valves . The valves began sticking within a few days of use , and that was with proper care and oiling . Disassembly of the valves to correct the sticking problem revealed the poor design of the valves themselves ; as an example , small plastic tabs of poor quality are used to align the valve within the body of the instrument . I have no doubt that the frequent valve sticking will frustrate the beginner who thinks he/she is manipulating the valves correctly , only to observe -LRB- if they can while concentrating on playing -RRB- that the valves ' slow movement causes the mistakes in notes . I recommend staying away from this instrument and renting or purchasing a higher quality instrument so that your beginning musician does n't get frustrated and give up from inferior equipment .
 when i got my trumpet i was expecting something good not a dented trumpet defiantly wont buy from this seller again
 i prefer the remo heads , i dunno why this head turned for the worst . i take care of my set
 We bought this guitar , thinking it was high quality and because it was pink . My daughter has been using this for almost 2 years and recently changed guitar teachers . We are always having to tune it . We changed the strings thinking that was the problem . Nope , the strings just do n't stay tuned . The sound is also very weak . Our guitar teacher is recommending us to buy a different one now for a fraction of what we payed ! Lesson learned , do n't go on looks or price of a guitar ... ASK your professional what they recommend !!
 I agree with the woman who said the guitar was too small . Definitely not for anyone over the age of 10 . Am now going to have to go to the trouble of returning for a larger size . This will not be an easy process . And it was a Christmas Present for my granddaughter who right now has nothing to play . Bummer .
 Ive owned it for three days and its broken 5 strings . Ive read the diretions 1000 times and nothing seems to change it .
 Worst piece of guitar garbage I have ever purchased . The servo motors do n't even have enough power to turn the pegs . I tried three sets of brand new batteries . Do n't waste your money on this thing . Just get a normal meter tuner . They 're cheaper and they always work .
 It was really disappointing for me to receive a drum set that must have come from the showroom floor . A drum was scratched up , some of the other drums had rust rings , the cymbal had rust and something like a black tar on the edge sticking to it . It came with no instruction what so ever on how to assemble it and tune them.Good thing there is something call the internet to aid in some of the things . Can you imagine if the internet was not around to aid in the proper way of doing some of these things if you never had done it before . The one start was given because of the crappy instrument condition that I received and because I provably wo n't return it do to the holidays , I provably wo n't be able to get a replacement on time . I went ahead and cleaned it up as much as I could , repair most scratches to nearly not noticeable . All in all , I was and still am very disappointed of what I received.pros
 I bought this set for my 6 year old for a Christmas present . It arrived on time and was reasonably well packed . However , there was not one single piece of paper in the box . No instructions , nothing . There are quite a few pieces , a lot of them small hardware pieces . I 'm pretty good with tools and stuff , but I could not for the life of me figure out how to put all this together . I called amazon , and they gave me the phone number of the vendor , Austin Bazaar . It is the same phone number they have on their website . I tried repeatedly to call . You can not get through . Pressing `` 0 '' does n't work . Pressing `` 2 '' for Customer Service gets you a recording that then hangs up on you . I finally gave up and , through the good offices of Google , found a kind web vendor who had posted a set of instructions for the drum kit . I managed to get it assembled using that . The metal parts are cheap and I would expect threads will strip and so forth . It wo n't last all that long . But for the price , I do n't mind that so much . It will allow the child to see if this is something he wants to learm more about , in which case we 'll get a real drum set . In the meantime , I think I have learned not to use these various `` vendors '' that are increasingly present on amazon . Certainly I would stay away from this one .
 the receipt of the guitar was great it would have been better had I actually received what i ordered the guitar is not packaged correctly and there are dings all over now I have to send back and will lose my 15 dollar shipping fee plus spend another fee to send back . I would not recommend this seller to anyone not even for a 1st guitar it appears to be cheaply made
 We received the drum set in before xmas as promised but purposely did not build it since it was from Santa till the night before ... It had no instructions , and a google turned up enough instructions for a fundamental setup . The seat was torn and a few of the bass drums latches would not screw in no matter what we tried since , I believe , they were not long enough ... It was for a 6 year old so we found ways around our problems but there should have been no problems with better parts and planning fromt he company .
 The vendor did not send the right color and it was too much of a hassle to send it back for desired product . just wo n't order brand or vendor product in future .
 This guitar strap is adorable ! It is for a child 's size guitar and my daughter loves it .
 If you are going to buy these reeds , you may be thinking `` these must be better than regular rico reeds ! '' Trust me , they are not . Rico reeds perform 100 times better than their `` royal '' relations . Rico royal reeds water-log easily and are softer than normal rico reeds . Despite the description on the back of the box , normal rico reeds react quicker and sound better than rico royal reeds . Besides , if rico `` royal '' reeds are only $ 2.00 more than normal rico reed , you ca n't expect them to be THAT much better .
 I some how ordered the wrong size , I want 3.5 but got 2.5 somehow in the final order ??? Shortly -LRB- MINUTES -RRB- I realized the problem I tried to stop the transaction . IT COULD N'T BE STOPPED - WHY ??? I 'm just going to get old school -LRB- in a store -RRB- from here on .
 i bought it splinted my lip . i had to throw it away . it didnt work on my clerenet that is why
 The ad states Rico Royal Clarinet Bb Box Of 10 Reeds Strength 1.5 . I recieved soprano sax Reeds .
 Ordered Rico Royal 2.0 , they seem similar to the Vandoren 2.0 , much harder to play than a regular Rico 2.0 , more like a Rico 2.5 - 3.0 . I needed to step up anyway but these wiped out my lip after 40 minutes of practice . Granted , I 'm just a beginner -LRB- less than a year -RRB- , but I could go for 2 hours at least on the regular Rico 2.0 . One other thing , there 's a fine line between getting good clarinet tone and a horrible raspy sound , especially in the low register . Bottom line , I wo n't be buying these again .
 TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN.THIS PRODUCT IM SURE WOULD BE A GOOD CORDLESS MIC IF THE CHANNEL 2 WAS WORKING . IT HAS NOT WORKED SINCE I RECIEVED IT . I PURCHASED IT FOR OUR CHURCH BUT CAN NOT USE IT THE WAY IT IS . I WROTE IN TWICE REGARDING THIS MATTER BUT IM WAITING ON SOME NUMBER THAT I AM SUPPOSE TO PUT ON IT TO RETURN IT . PLEASE HELP ME BECAUSE THE TIME IS WASTING AND I DONT WISH TO BE TOLD THAT IVE WAITED OVER 3O DAYS AND ITS TO LATE TO RESOLVE THIS PROBLEM . THERE SHOULD BE NOTES AND DATES TO SHOW THATT THE LAPSE OF TIME IS NOT ON MY PART.PLEASE HELP ME IN THIS MATTERRESPECTFULLY YOURS , BISHOP T MCADAMS
 Ok so i got the package and opened it up . The one of the antennas when folded how hits the power cord and sits out at a bad angle . After a few minutes of use it quit working because the box that holds the fuse , inside the system had broken.You have to hold the microphones very close to your mouth to use cuz the are unidirectional
 I ordered it through Amazon two months ago , I never receive the product , I e-mail them , no response . Now amazon is trying to help me to get the money back . Do not order from them.I should give them zero star from my own experience .
 The trees came with the injection or molding tips still on . Meaning they are just cast and shipped , no real quality control going on here .
 This drum head is very thin and dents easily . I have a feeling it will break very quickly . It also has too much echo and takes a lot of dampening pads to fix it . I got these heads extremely cheap so I ca n't complain I got what I paid for . As soon as I can I will change both of my 10 inch heads to response 2 heads . I bought those for all the rest of my drums now and they are great .
 Now before i write this reveiw i am not blameing the seller but the makers of the product now when i bought this i was looking for a cheap drum head and i saw that it was evans so i thiuoght it had to be good quality but when i had received it i noticed it was really thin i new it was an orchastral but even for an ochsrtal thi s thing is crap it poped in hafl two hours of mean playing it and i dont hit that hard my reccomendation would to not buy period
 Really ? Try using a piece of duct/gaff tape . it 's more practical in every way . I laughed at my buddy for having these in his studio . . maybe suck on some gummy bears and toss em on your drumheads instead ? . . then you get to eat the left overs : -RRB-
 Professional drummer who uses a lot of Evans heads . This head should not be used for a bass drum . Even by determining the lowest possible tone , it 's still going to sound like a mid tom . We spent hours trying to get a good sound out of it , and was unable to do so . For a head with a deep , booming sound for about the same price , try the Evans EMAD with the interchangable damper rings . You 'll be much happier .
 I have used this product to burn home movies onto DVD for some time now . That part works fine . But just recently I have decided I wanted to put my pictures on a DVD with music . I got it to work once with about 75 pictures . But when I started trying to add several slideshows it comes up with `` dvderrr '' . Honestly tech support was not much help.All they do is direct you to their website for solutions . Which I have tried and still no resolution to my problem . Do n't recommend . Anyone know of a better product out there you can use to burn your home movies and put a slideshow with music on DVD ?
 Absolute waste of time and money . # 1
 I received the deluxe version with my Dell Media Edition compter . While this program has many bells and whistles actually editing video is awkward and frustrating . Fine tuning is difficult . I 'm trying to edit home videos plus edit commercials out of movies recorded from TV . While this process should be easy this program makes it much more time intensive than it should be . The program is also fairly unstable . It seems to regularly lock-up while working on files much larger than 1 or 2 gigs . And that 's on a new computer with plenty of memory .
 My DVD Studio Deluxe v6 is a frustrating and difficult to use software for DVD creation . Additionally , Sonic does not offer patches or updates to this version for problems . Seriously not recommended .
 I just wasted $ 121 . I bought the softwareto burn DVDs from TiVo downloads . It was recommended by TiVo . It does n't work . Ca n't get technical support unless you are registered . You ca n't register because Sonic/Roxio returns a message that something is wrong with their server . And on and on . The software sucks .
 I have the 6.1 version for about a year and it has been one bug after another . The `` nudge '' buttons did not work properly . Tech support eventually sent me an `` improved '' version which did clear up this problem . When I edit a DVD which was produced using My DVD , all the titles are lost . The Sonic Player which comes as part of the package still does not work . My requests for help go unanswered . It is too bad because in many ways this is a nice package with a lot of neat features . I bought it naively to upgrade the basic version that my pc came with . In retrospect , if I had done my research Iwould have probably ended up wit a Pinnacle product .
 I hope somebody comes out with a better program for transferring TiVO recordings to DVD . This has got to be the slowest , buggiest program I ever used . Have not used it for anything else . It is SLOW ! The fact that TiVo connected themselves with such awful software to make TiVO DVD 's is a big mistake . Whoever approved that at TiVo should be fired and they should start again with a different company . Not even a single update in all this time , they must have had lots of complaints . Apparently , they just do n't care . Plan on about 2 hours total for each 1/2 hour show . I 'm not kidding .
 The product is ok , when it works alright . Definitely buggy ! I would give it more stars if there was technical support , but the support is a joke . The `` online '' support is basically email that goes unanswered . Remember , buyer beware .
 This came w / my new DVD burner and does an absolutely horrible job of backing up files . Unless you check the burned DVD manually you do n't know what 's missing - in my case about 1/2 the files ! This could be a nightmare if you actually needed your backup .
 Got this program with my new Dell computer . I spent hours putting together a great DVD with photo slides and videos . When I went to burn it to DVD it kept coming up with errors . I looked up the error on the website and it said that some sound or video files may be in a different format than what are supported by the program ... so I created a new slide show with no music as a test - same errors appeared . The only way I got a DVD to burn was when I went directly from my camcorder to the DVD burner using this program . Lots of time wasted here . Very disappointed .
 I bought this program to burn DVDs of t.v. shows I recorded w / TiVo . It 's been a complete disaster . Lots of software programs are buggy , etc. , but not only is this program slow , almost impossible to use to edit videos with any precision , and apparently wo n't work with Windows XP for TiVo recordings , but to top it all off the tech support people are absolutely useless . They 've wasted hours of my time on hold , and then they best they can offer is an email with a link to their web page -LRB- which of course I 'd checked before calling -RRB- . From what I 've read online , lots of people are having this problem , esp . for use w/TiVo recordings . If you have TiVo , DO NOT buy this program -LRB- even though it 's the one that TiVo recommends -RRB- . It 's been a complete waste of my money
 Returning this , disappointed to find that it needs a 9v battery or an AC adapter , not included . The battery is drained as long as there is a plug in one of the two input jacks . Silly rabbit , why could n't it cycle off when no signal flowing for 5-10 minutes -LRB- or some similar solution -RRB- ? I 'd be replacing the battery constantly or having to unplug it all the time . -LRB- Rest of my setup is all on a single power strip that I can switch on/off easily . -RRB- The old Boss FV-200 on loan to me from a friend does n't require any power source .
 Yes , I know this is a keyboard pedal ... but ... I had used other similar pedals for keyboards as guitar pedals before and did n't have a problem , why ? The short answer has something to do with the impedance and that this pedal is of a higher quality . So if you 've got keyboards or an extremely low impendance signal you might be happier than I but ... otherwise stay away ... far away .
 My only expectation was that the strap looked like the picture but it does n't . Notice the picture has some sort of design in the cloth . Nope ! No design , just a boring worn looking cloth . Someone should be ashamed of themselves using a misleading picture like that .
 Cheap junk . The bottom of the pad attaches to the drum shell with velcro , which is fine if you do n't mind glueing something to your instrument . Then you move the pad up against , or away from the drum head . It does n't matter how you adjust it , the `` hinged damper pad '' weighs maybe an ounce or two , and does nothing to dampen the drum , no matter how you adjust it . If your looking for a dull `` thud '' , you 'd do better with an old blanket your dog is tired of . At least it was only twenty bucks . Absolutely the first time I 've been dissapointed in anything shipped by Amazon .
 If this is being sold by Streamline Audio , be aware that this in not the Trigger Finger at all ! It is just the metal mounting bracket !!!
 using PC SP3 , ableton 7 , reason 4 , komplete 6 with battery 3 etc.enigma is a joke for programming assigning drums , its like EVERYTHING ELSE M-AUDIO does for software , half a $ $ d support , and NO Detailed Instructions ... so be prepared to sign up for COUNTLESS forums on how to use it ... i have to put the same question on diff forums to get a straight answer -LRB- ableton,propellerheads-reason , m-audio -RRB- the best one is Etechdocs ... they actually have a nice tutorial , programs only Sometimes recognize it , im always reloading the drivers ... dont buy it , in fact , Boycott m-audio , im never buying any of their trash again !! Akai mpd24 , or mpd32 is a better buy
 NOT FOR XP , SONAR , AND DIFFICULT TO FIGURE OUT IF NEVER USED BEFORE . NEED BETTER INSTRUCTION MANUAL . DO NOT KNOW HOW TO OPERATE!SOFTWARE IS CHEESY AND NOT COMPATABLE/SOMETIMIE ...
 I 've had the trigger finger for about three weeks now . The first problem that I had was mapping controls . Even though the Trigger Finger comes with M-Audio 's Enigma , the program sometimes works . For what ever reason Enigma will recognize Trigger Finger intermitly . I still have trouble using it in Reason and Fl Studio 8 . The Trigger Finger has more of a headache than its worth . Unless you plan on using it with ableton or protools do n't buy this .
 Cool product ! Very hard to figure out . Should have come with easier software . Should have pre-programmed beats and stuff . Overall , I like it but I am still not comfortable using it .
 The Product itself feels solid enough . But that seems to be just an illusion . I tried getting Trigger Finger to work with Reason 3.0 . I could get Reason to respond to inputs from the knobs and sliders . But the most important parts , the Trigger Finger 's Touch pads , flatly refused to trigger anything , not even Reason 's Redrum which this unit was supposed to work well with . After spending half a day trying to fix the problem using Egnima , the softwere that allows users to assign various MIDI functions to each of the control surfaces , I finally gave up and took this pruduct back for a refund . Maybe a seasoned MIDI user can get Trigger Finger to work as it should as the Egnima software is that , an Egnima . But , I have an old Yamaha PSR-410 MIDI compatible Keyboard manufactured well before Reason ever came into existence . It took control of Reason the moment I plugged it in and set it up in Reason 's prefs . So with that logged in may mental notes , I kind of expect something like the Trigger Finger to work right out of the box without any fuss or muss other than seting it up in Reason 's prefs . To which it failed misserably at doing . So Trigger Finger gets one star out of me . Sorry M-Audio , better luck next time .
 When I purchased this product , the product description read
 Hands down the worst bass drum patch I 've ever owned . I have brand new tama speed cobras , and this patch 's rough surface has eaten away the felt on the bass drum beaters . Now I 'm out 30 bucks for new beaters . So this patch may be cheap , but do n't let it 's price fool you because it 'll end up costing you in the end . get aquarian or remo instead . I 've never had a problem with either like I did with the Evans patch .
 hated it , not better that the Remo Palam patches , dont buy this bc they will fall off over time , and its not as durable .
 Unfortunately , this metronome stopped making sound on the main beat and on the tuning note after 2 months of gentle use . Too late to send back to Amazon , still within warranty . But of course now I must pay for the shipping and take the time to send to LA for Boss to repair , and be without a metronome for 2 weeks.Other than that , I 've really liked this metronome . Has some very nice features . Not impressed by the 90-day warranty , though . I think a product that costs this much should have a 1-year warranty at least .
 The material is too stiff and forces the pick too far out from my finger . It is also more ` stiff ' than a dunlop .60 mm
 Do n't even bother . I 'm a professional musician who has used all kinds of picks - this one is worse than not good - it gets in your way .
 I play tenor banjo , and there 's a lot of high-speed strumming involved . I 'm mostly a finger picker on 5-string and guitar , so I do n't have the most reliable grip for strumming . I thought this pick would give me the confidence to wail on the tenor banjo without worrying that my pick would go flying -LRB- again -RRB- . But the flimsy loop , pick angle and overall dimensions just do n't work . I tried putting the loop on different fingers , putting the pick on upside-down and twisting it to reduce the length , even putting the loop on my thumb . I just could n't find a configuration that felt secure and put the pick at the correct angle for me . Bummer .
 This seemed like a cool idea for a pick , but upon actually trying to use it I noticed it 's biggest flaw . The body is so long that it forces you to hold the pick improperly . This is fine if you only want to play songs that simply require strumming every string and that only contain chords , but if you want to play anything that requires even the most basic single string picking you will be fumbling a lot by using this pick . It 's a good concept , but poorly executed .
 I was very interested when I saw it online but I was very disappointed when I got it . The pick looked really crappy and did not feel like it was different from regular picks . It had some stain on the rubber part and it looked disgusting . If you think this pick will help you improve your skills of using pick , you would be wrong . If you keep practicing , this pick would be useless.Also , when I asked for refund , I got rejected because they said the pick was not defective . I offered to show the pictures of the pick I got from them but they did n't even wan na see the picture and just drew the conclusion that the pick was not defective .
 From the opening screech `` Hello New Halen , '' Hagar quickly stakes his claim as the most annoying singer in the history of hard rock music
 I think this Video sucks ! The basis did a stupid solo , Weak ass drum solo and Edie seemed to be wasted just smoking all the time ! I do love VHF and wish they would bring back David Lee Roth for a once in a lifetime live DVD !! These groups do n't realize they are getting old and need to lock in there history of there own music on rock DVD with a trump tight CONCERT !!!!! But i know , to big egos and just to dame spoiled to do the right thing ... Try and do a quality live DVD like Iron Maiden , Rush , pink Floyd etc etc. . John from Hawaii . Oh by the way VHF , unlike your DVD these other groups did do all of there hits .
 Now I 'm a BIG van halen fan and all but this is a little weak , worst off Sammy 's - I wan na be Dave-antics are a little hard on the eyes , the songs sound good but when sung by a bette milder lookalike dancing around in one of the worst outfits I 've ever seen -LRB- even for the 80 's -RRB- the whole thing loses its appeal . The stage show 's lacking the flavor of anything entertaining and the drum and bass solo 's are 4 minutes to long . Good though is the fact that sammy does n't butcher roth songs but unfortunetly does a number on his own , lets also hope he works on the audience participation skills . Buy if die hard VH fan , skip if you like a roth and cherroo -- extreme guy .
 In this concert video , we will see how Van Halen devolved from a groundbreaking , heavy metal band with bona fide talent to a bubble gum group headed by a schmuck who thinks he 's cool just because he drinks tequila and writes a trillion songs with the word `` love '' in the title . To see the REAL AND ORIGINAL VH , go to Amazon Auctions and bid on rare concert footage from the early years which shows what Eddie could really do and how they could still be around today despite making such poor personnel decisions -LRB- i.e. Hagar and Charone -RRB- .
 They exist , please do it for the fans !!
 I have not received this DVD yet , what the deal ? This is the only time Amazon has failed to deliver .
 FYI
 This DVD is disappointing , in a few aspects . Firstly the sound is weak , I found the audio mix to be off and muted . Secondly the video is fuzzy and poorly focused , moving around too much without focusing on Eddie or anyone else for that matter . The set list is barely passing at C - . If you want a better Van Hagar DVD get
 When I first received the mic , I thought I had a defected product since the sound was inaudible . However , the mic came back from the dealer tech as having no defects and a comment that I turn up the echo all the way up . I do n't want to sing in an echo chamber . My friends and I still ca n't distinguish any of the words when anyone tries to sing . It sounds like people are gargling in a tunnel.I have a strong a/v production background , so hearing from a tech that the echo needs to be up all the way is just plain silly . A mic 's job is to capture the voice and be able to reproduce it as pristine as possible and any effects like echo should just be add-ons and not required for the general function of the mic.I expected much more from this mic since my parents had an earlier version and it was just a better built mic then what I have . Now I 'm out close to $ 500 -LRB- I splurged for extra song chips and submic -RRB- . OUCH !!!
 Rico Royal used to be an excellent brand for soprano reeds . It seems that somewhat recently they have started using their regular rico reeds and branding them as Rico Royal , which are barely decent and really bad on the high notes .
 The only reason I 'm not giving this one star is that I did n't expect much for such a low cost pedal . I got this for one of my guitar players so he could use it to switch between clean tones and distortion at our rental practice space before he gets the money to buy a halfstack and decent sounding pedals . We have a punk ska band -LRB- think suicide machines , sublime -RRB- and need to switch a lot in all our songs . I thought this pedal would get us by someway in the meanwhile . NOPE . This pedal sucks your guitar 's tone , and you have to turn the knobs all the way to get anything going , and its not a pleasant sound either way . AVOID .
 Hooked this thing up , the thing passed gas , never worked again . tried battery , and adapter , nothing and I was really looking forward to a fuzz effect to play with ... . what a heart break ... . still have the thing after 9 mths , hoping it might work someday ... -LRB- correction works but still should let you know in no uncertain terms to use an abnormal converter for it . ! -RRB-
 So , I bought this for a pop punk band
 Save your money and purchase a good quality pedal . I bought 2 for my kids and they never used them . I used them from time to time , in our `` music room '' no rough handling . Neither worked well after being used less than 20 times . The non-slip bottoms do make them handy door stops now .
 This pedal is the best marketing I 've ever experienced . As far as I know , it 's the utter exemple of modern , cheap , throwable piece of equipement , the perfect counter-example of sustainable economy . It 's so cheap you ca n't even justify spending $ 5 or $ 10 in gas to return it to the shop or mailing it back.I bought it to chain it to other -LRB- and more reliable -RRB- distortion pedals to get atotally trash sound and experiment on various harmonics . All the other equip -LSB- ement worked fine so far , except this one , which just go the `` quick die award '' . After less than 45mn of use , it just gave up , and now refuses to switch on . too bad , 'cause the blue led was kinda cute ... the sound was just a distortion , nothing less , nothing more . it was an unbeatable price , provided it was working ... which it is n't . the only positive aspect of this thing is its bright red color whoch makes it look nice if you want to give it away for Christmas . Add a crappy guitar to it , a cheap amp , and you 'll be a hero for you little nephew . Plus , you wo n't pay for the repair ! . otherwise , stay away from this thing .
 I bought this low priced pedal mainly for my daughter as a starter . To my surpise , there was no power supply included ! Not even a battery . No mention on Amazon 's product description that a power supply for the unit was not included . I also bought the other two models ... This one picks up a radio station and broadcasts it thru the amp , yet , there is n't a radio station tower within 5 miles of my house . All in all , I feel I got ripped off . If I had known they did not come with power supplies , I would not have purchased them .
 I ordered it . I recieved it . I put in a new 9v battery . I hooked up my guitar to it . It did not work at all . I tried it again later ... it still did not work . I keep trying it ... to no avail . I feel cheated . I am sad .
 I use my amp 's distortion , and got this pedal to try another distortion sounds along with my amp 's overdrive and distortion channels . When I opened the box I saw that although my pedal was red and had the controls for the Fab Distortion , the name plate said `` Fab Chorus . '' Interesting . Since it came in the right box and had all the correct controls , I assumed it was the correct pedal , just named incorrectly . So points off there.After I plugged it in , I dialed in the distortion . For some odd reason the knobs work counter-intuitively . You turn them clockwise -LRB- as a guitarist who is using this pedal would look at it -RRB- to DIAL DOWN the sound ; in other words , they work like every other volume knob in the history of the world only from the audience 's perspective , not the guitarist 's . This was another surprise , as I 'd turned all the knobs down -LRB- or so I thought -RRB- before turning it on and was blown away -LRB- Marty McFly style -RRB- when I hit the first note . It sounds pretty decent that way . In fact I was pleasantly surprised with the distorted sound it was putting out . Turning it off leaves my signal nice and clean and untouched . I think it 's a handy little pedal to have , I just wish a little more thought had gone into designing it and actually manufacturing the thing .
 So I got this yesterday and it does n't even work . Fresh battery -- nothing . Two different 9V adapters -- nothing . Contacted customer support and they said they 'd send me a new one if I mailed the defective one in . Why would I pay like $ 5 or $ 6 to ship this pack when its THEIR faulty product and it only cost $ 18 in the first place ? So looks like I 'll try to refund it through Amazon or use it as a doorstop -LRB- if it 's even heavy/sturdy enough to use it as such -RRB- . Thanks for nothing , Danelectro .
 the pegdrops work well - too well , actually ! i relied heavily on them for awhile as a violin teacher who tunes over 100 instruments daily . but after breaking a few peg boxes trying to loosen pegs , we tossed these drops . guess there 's no wonder about why seasoned luthiers dislike the drops ! they 're actually quite dangerous!try using rosin , graphite or peg dope on the pegs instead . -LRB- i actually prefer rosin to the other solutions -RRB- or take your instrument to a shop and have the pegs fitted .
 Yes , this helped stop pegs slipping . Now they are really hard to turn . Perhaps this will resolve itself in time , but for now it has been a disappointment as tuning is still a frustration .
 I had to end up taking my violin to a professional to get my pegs adjusted . He did not recommend this product .
 I bought a cheap student violin to practice fixing violins . The pegs were creaky so I threw the peg drops into the cart while buying Dominant strings and a Baggs pickup . After soaking into the pegs for a week , the product did not make them turn easier or tune better . In fact , the pegs were even creakier and the `` A '' peg got stuck . Back to the soap and chalk method for me .
 I bought this as a replacement for teh original that shorted out ... well this one was worse brand new than the original that shorted out . So i had to open and resoder the original and wasted $ 20 on this piece of crap . Save yourself some money and do n't buy this . It was junk .
 It is not a wonder that this is out of stock and not known if going to be back on line . It is very cute , easy to hold , lightweight , easy to tik tok ... for some people it might sound just fine , but for me , I like a more mellow , deep tik tok and this is entirely too high pitched . I tried to cushion it with different materials , to no avail. , so I do n't really use it .
 It does have some okay effects and it 's easy to use but the output is very noisy . If you 're looking for good vocal effects , get a Lexicon , or a quality mixer with on-board effects ; Yamaha , Mackie .
 I wish I had read the 3/11 review before I purchased this . It does not work on the Electro Harmonix Big Bass Muff Pi . So amazon has known about this bundling error for over a year yet they keep on selling it . This review does not reflect on the product or the excellent service from GearNuts , just on Amazon failing to correct known problems .
 I got these for a custom les paul 5 string bass I had built and one of the locks broke off after a month and a couple of uses . Also the locks were quite uncomfortable to use . I had never used strap locks before and do n't think I will again .
 Our family of 2 guitarists and 1 bassist switched to these style locks about a year ago . Every one of us has had continual problems with the locks periodically unscrewing themselves from the guitar body . I had one back out during a gig and damage a brand new 60th Anniversary American P-Bass ... not good . My son had one come out on him in the middle of a gig last weekend.The problem with the design is there 's a ton of friction between the top and bottom pieces of the lock which results in the tab that 's screwed into the body unscrewing itself . We 've tried applying bar soap , petro jelly , and a spray can based dry lubricant ... . none of which prevented the ultimate forces that cause this phenomenon.We are switching to the Dunlop style locks as that design incorporates ball bearings which allows the strap to rotate freely back and forth with next to zero ` unscrewing ' force.We tried to make the Shallers work but just could not . Maybe we 're all too active on stage but we can not tolerate the equipment damage nor the performance distruptions these have caused us .
 These straplocks came standard on my Spector Euro 4 LX . After only 10 months of ownership , the strap horn straplock failed , causing my bass to nearly end up on the floor . I caught it just in time to save my bass from being potentially destroyed . Inspection of the part showed metal particles on both halves of the straplock.Regardless of being rather easy to operate , these straplocks are not very good . Straplocks are useless if metal is scraping off during routine use . Heaven forbid they should fail while you 're playing standing up , especially if you own a really nice guitar or bass.You 'd be better off buying a competative brand , such as Ernie Ball Superlocks or the Dunlop type . Avoid Schallers at any cost .
 I bought these for my Les Paul , and they were sold to me as being the ` best on the market ' . Several times after installing them I noticed the nut was coming loose , which is pretty scary considering when you have strap locks you usually handle the guitar in a very cavalier fashion , expecting everything to be secure . Then , I lost one of the nuts . Guess what ... you ca n't replace the nut , its M10 x 0.75 metric nut which is basically impossible to find . I attempted to force an M10 x 1.25 nut on there and ended up breaking the whole thing . So , I would strongly NOT recommend these because they kept coming loose , and the replacement nut costs just about as much as a new set .
 compared to the screws on my ibanez bass , the threads per inch on the schaller screws is different -LRB- more TPI -RRB- , and the width of the screw threads is thinner -LRB- like it could be loose in the hole of the guitar -RRB- . So , this also means the existing Ibanez screws wont fit the schaller hole , both in the threads -LRB- too wide -RRB- , and the screw head -LRB- also too wide -RRB- . definitely it seems that the schaller screw is not a match for this guitar.I would love it if the schaller came with two extra screws to match the ibanez spec ... : -LRB- totally underimpressed . even though I like these locks a lot.I 'll probably end up drilling out the center of the schaller nub to be wider -LRB- to accomodate the original Ibanez screw 's wider threads -RRB- , and I 'll also need to grind down the ibanex screw head to fit inside the nub ... man what a pain.Also ... why 's the product description for gold , but the picture looks like pewter ? I wanted pewter to match the ibanez 's hardware ...
 I just wrote a similar review for the Dunlop Straploks . The Schallers are prone to loosening and coming apart , the Dunlops are not . If you keep on top of the Schallers and make sure that the nut on the strap is always tight , they 're fine . But I 've had them come apart on me several times , and I do n't trust them anymore . I check them regularly , and I could put thread locker on the nuts , which will help , but I 'm eventually going to replace all of my Schallers with Dunlops . In my view the Dunlop is a superior design .
 I read all of the positive reviews and decided to purchase for my Les Paul . After just 6 months , the bottom peg fell off.Not the quality I expected .
 Ok I was NOT expecting this from DW ... The beater in the picture looks waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay smaller than the one I got . Do n't get me wrong it 's an amazing product if purchased alone . I got two of these for my Axis longboards cz I was n't getting enough volume for its beaters . I blame DW for not providing a proper description for this product . They should at least mention that two of these WOULD NOT work on a double pedal . They would get stuck together because of the size.Do not buy 2 of these if you have a double pedal .
 Bought these strings , played them for a while ... not my style , I had hoped for much better clarityin the higher tones but these nylons are worthless to me ... do n't really feel the strings ring welltogether ... will try something else next time .
 first the strings fell apart -LRB- the inside wire came out of the wrapping -RRB- and caused me to put a large scratch right on the body of the guitar , then the E string snapped on me . im disappointed
 DO NOT BUY ANYTHING from Austin Bazaar ! I had this guitar on my wishlist and got it for christmas . I wanted a pink guitar . It looks NOTHING like the guitar pictured , the color is n't even close , its way darker than that . Furthermore , the paint job is very sloppy . The stupid gig bag you get is absolutely worthless , it 's made of extremely cheap plastic-like fabric . Sending it back is a huge hassle because there was no packing slip in the box it came in -LRB- no joke . what the hell is that ? -RRB- . You 'd be much better off buying from a respected brand , or going to a guitar store . DO NOT BUY THIS , I am warning you ! You will be disappointed
 horrible . horrible distortion . No tone . Too much gain.I play with a bass amp so I expect a lot of tone from a pedal . Must have tone.For the ones that did n't find the review helpful . IT SUCKS-too much tone out of the guitar.Pay the extra buck and get a Metal Muff or a MXR FullBore .
 While the concept of the Onyx Satellite is a step forward in terms of portability in a good system with excellent preamps , the customer support that Mackie provide is almost non-existant . Have Vista ? Forget this interface , Mackie seem to have stated on the support forums both that they 're working on a driver and that they are n't going to make a driver , which fills me with little hope that one is on the horizon any time soon . No 64-bit support either . I could not even get it to install on my 64-bit Vista machine . The forums are the only easily accessible support mechanism , their website unsubtly states that their phone support wo n't be much of a help.Great hardware , but great hardware is n't of much use when you ca n't use it , and especially when once it does n't work there 's not really anywhere to go for real help from the manufacturers . Took it back to the shop and got an Edirol , which are one of only a few manufacturers with 64-bit Vista support .
 It is not a software problem ... The monitor feed that goes into the headphone amp and the input channels bleed . They use a multi-pin connector that has a limited life -LRB- 500 total connections , more appropriate for inside a mixer , not inside a to-be-removed module !!! -RRB- Lots of problems on other things too . Many on the Mackie BBS complained about this unit.Great pre-amps and routing , missing MIDI so , if it worked , it still was n't perfect but coulda-shoulda-woulda ...
 This was a mediocre mouth peice . The texture on it made biting down and keeping your embouchure a bit awkward . Maybe for a beginner this would be ok , but it you 've got some serious soprano-saxin ' coming up then opt for something better .
 While the strap is well-made and carries the weight of the horn -LRB- for a little while -RRB- , it comes with no pictures or instructions on how to set it up . Included are a mulititude of straps with no readily discernible purpose , but you 're entirely on your own when it comes to setting it up . Also , once I adjust the strap for holding the horn in playing position , the straps gradually creep away from that setting , which means during a gig or concert I have to reset the straps three or four times . It actually becomes easier -LRB- when sitting -RRB- to simply forego the strap and just hold the horn . Additionally , the item 's price is , in my opinion , way out of line for what you get and how it performs . I am not impressed , will never buy another and do not recommend this item for the reasons noted above .
 Purchased this product from Amazon . The signal from this microphone is extremely weak even with the volume set at 95 . I 've replaced this with an Audiotechnica AT2020USB .
 I fumbled with this mic for over a week trying to get it to perform the way the specs say that it should , but I could never get the input volume to perform properly . I 'm very technical , so I reviewed the settings and upgraded the firmware the way it was recommended . Still , I could not get the mic to work properly without my mouth touching it as I speak . This is a common complaint , according to other reviews.This mic was definitely NOT worth the money . For this level of performance , save your money and go to Radio Shack .
 Purchased 2 of these for telcons and skype at home and office - expected an improvement but got very low volume to the point it ca n't be used even with the Mic volume all the way up . Used with a Windows-7 thinkpad .
 First , when then mics work , there are a great tool . On the other hand , if you like to buy stuff and not have to buy it because operating systems change , avoid Blue and their USB products period . I have a lovely Blue Snowball , that the company has purposely hidden updates so that the mic will work with anything other than XP . If you have XP , please buy mine because Blue wo n't put the firmware update where previously loyal Blue Snowball owners can get it and keep their microphones serviceable.Actually when XP was cool and the mic functional , they barely provided any customer service and I had to return my to a retailer to get a working model.There are other companies out there that do n't force you to throw away your microphone . If you think Windows 7 is the last software or your equipment investment is disposable , buy the big , fat snowball . Otherwise get a USB interface and a high quality mic with an XLR or 1/1 plug on it . You will never have to trust a company like Blue to answer service issues .
 I 've bought three of these now for employees to use for video production . Every . Single . One . Has had on and off detection issues in Windows 7 . Two , after a single week of use , simply refused to be detected at all across four different machines.After contacting Blue Microphones about it , they ignored us for two weeks , finally saying they would RMA it . Nothing happened . Weeks later still nothing has come of it . If you Google about this product and its company , you 'll see the same stories.Stay away from this company and their products , there are other products out there that work very well and are supported by companies who understand what prudence and customer service is .
 This is a cheap microphone . The wire pins inside the back of the ball inside the connector are sketchy at best . Finally , I could n't get it to connect at all . My microphone is only a year old and already worthless .
 Worked great for a week , then USB failed to recognize the device . Tried different computers , followed all the tech support steps on their website , nothing . Highly disappointed in both the mic and their response ...
 I 'd like to reinforce what the previous reviewer stated about the incompatibility of this microphone with Vista . Blue 's user support has been utterly unhelpful with this problem . None of my phone calls were returned and the few comments posted on their online forums by user support have been rude . They have flatly refused to give any indication as to when or if the problem will be solved . Instead , they blame Microsoft and even suggest creating a separate XP-only partition on your hard drive so you can use this mic . The simple truth is that you wo n't be able to use this mic if you have a Vista machine . Read the forums on Blue 's website for more on this before you waste your money . Good luck .
 Bought this mic on the positive reviews here - could not make it work on my Windows XP system . Manual stated that latest firmware was already installed , and no drivers required . I went to the website , and found many issues in the forum on use with Audacity , and in general not working.Brought my Samson USB from home to try - no problems at all.Be sure you verify that it will work on your system from someone already running - wished I had looked into the company forum prior to purchase.Seems like the Mac people have had better luck than the Windows users.Also , included stand does not work good . You can raise the mic , but it does not stay - just slides back down .
 You 're really taking a gamble with this mic . I plugged it in and followed all the instructions included and its just not picking my voice up . It sounds like I 'm 5 feet away . There is no way to up the gain and after a quick search on google , it seems that Blue knows that either there is a compatibility issue with Windows 7 32bit or that there are some bad units in circulation . Avoid this mic ! I 'm heading to Guitar center tomorrow because they have some in stock and I 'm going to gamble again ... but this Snowball is getting thrown back to amazon . BTW , the copyright under my box was 2009 . If you search google , there are a lot of people angry with the Blue Snowball and their customer service is known far and wide to be lacking . They need to revamp and/or get a good PR person to repair their image .
 I purchased this mic and it did not work well . Got a lot of noise in the recording from the USB input . I returned the mic per the instructions and have yet to receive a refund as I requested . I contacted the merchant via e-mail and have not heard back from anyone . So , the service was poor and the mic was worse .
 The microphone itself is no Neumann , but that said , it does give adequate sound quality . However , in the interests of operating acceptably in the high dB range , its gain is unacceptably low , to the point where you have to practically swallow it to get reasonably good voice quality . Thus far it would rate 3-4 stars depending on the weather.However the Blue Snowball is a 1-star product because the unit I purchased near the end of 2007 is now unusable with my principal Windows 7 computer . This is a well known problem located in the Snowball 's firmware . It should be easy to update but Blue can not be bothered to provide a means of doing so . On top of this , Blue has ignored my repeated attempts to contact them about the problem , which it appears they have no intention of fixing.Moving manufacturing to China and general mickey-mousing with cheapness may yield a low price-point , but where the compromise involves not giving a rat 's patootie for the customers who purchased your product in good faith , it becomes unacceptable behavior . I can not recommend Blue , or their products , for that reason .
 so after having this mic for a little while i discovered how fragile the little plastic usb connector piece was.i unplugged the usb from the mic and i came out along with it.The mic has done me wonders up until now.it really sucks that that happens since i cant put any music out now .
 Its all great and all but the snowball has too much of a hissing in the background . Too much Background noise for me . If you do n't know how to edit vocals well then do n't get this mic . for music recording . It records High Frequencies too much which makes it a pain to EQ and compress vocals for that quality sound in music .
 While I fully believe that I received a lemon , Blue 's support staff claimed that my four Macs running Leopard were to blame for the Snowball not being recognized and/or only sending an over-modulated static signal . All of my Macs have successfully used other USB mics without additional drivers , so I do not believe Blue 's assertion that these problems are Leopard 's fault . Apple sells this product in its own stores . It would n't if it were truly incompatible with its OS . Blue 's support offered no help except to suggest that return the product for a refund.I would have been happy to receive a replacement , however , the unhelpful and seemingly uninterested help from Blue has made me decide to never buy another Blue product .
 I 've tried over 3-4 different USB microphones all advertised as Plug and Play on my computer and I get nothing but static . When I talk into them I get a robotic voice . And yet any analog mic I attach to my comp works perfectly . I 'm having a hard time trying to find a good analog microphone to buy since it seems the market is filled with USB mics now . This is the way of the future ? Then someone needs to make some kinda actual downloadable driver update for these devices .
 What a steaming pile this thing is . It stops working after every reboot and I haft to unplug it and plug it back in not once , but twice every time to make it work again . No problem I will just contact support . Ha ! I have e-mailed them twice and have n't received a response from either one ! What a joke ! What kind of company ignores support e-mails entirely ? If you buy this do n't expect any help with it !
 BUYER BEWARE !!! As of July 2007 , this product will not work on PCs running Windows Vista . If you require a microphone that will work on Windows Vista , be sure to contact the manufacturer BEFORE buying this product to ensure that they have upgraded the firmware to support Windows Vista .
 I never got a chance to use this microphone because it does n't work with Windows 7 . Maybe it would work with XP ? This sells for $ 99.99 @ Best Buy and I 'm not sure if that one would work with Windows 7 , but Blue claims the `` cheap ones '' on Amazon are sometimes defective . Save yourself the headache and pay up for one that will work with Windows 7 .
 my cousin bought this mic worked good for him for a week then bought the yeti and gave me the snowball it worked well for a week or to then its not being recognized on everyone 's computer i call blue they tell me to turn the cord 100 degrees and plug it back in it dose not do a thing they said get amazon to send you a new one or get one through us . i filled out the forum its been a few days but i wont be surprised when i do n't get a new mic in the mail or see a email from them .
 While I fully believe that I received a lemon , Blue 's support staff claimed that my four Macs running Leopard were to blame for the Snowball not being recognized and/or only sending an over-modulated static signal . All of my Macs have successfully used other USB mics without additional drivers , so I do not believe Blue 's assertion that these problems are Leopard 's fault . Apple sells this product in its own stores . It would n't if it were truly incompatible with its OS . Blue 's support offered no help except to suggest that return the product for a refund.I would have been happy to receive a replacement , however , the unhelpful and seemingly uninterested help from Blue has made me decide to never buy another Blue product .
 I read such great reviews on Amazon before making my purchase . I was so excited to get my Snowball so that I could record high quality stories for my long distance nephews and great aunt who has trouble reading now . I was able to record about three stories before I noticed that the sound quality that I was getting was horrible ! I thought , `` maybe I should be using a different setting . '' I recorded a few more stories with horrible quality before I realized that , even though my mic was plugged in , and the red light was on , the computer was not registering the mic at all . I was recording through the shoddy mic in my macbook . If I jiggle the chord where it connects the the mic , the computer will acknowledge the mic , but only for about a minute before the mic drops off again . What I can record in that minute is fantastic , but then it 'll take another 10 minutes of jiggling the cord to get another minute of recording . I have e-mailed Blue about this , and hope to hear from them soon -LRB- I will certainly update if/when I do -RRB- , but I think I got a bad usb cord . Although , I 've noticed that the cord is loose in the microphone , so perhaps the problem is that . Anyway , I 'm horribly disappointed , and really annoyed to have to put off my reading projects again .
 Works flawlessly with Windows Vista but is not recognized by Windows 7 . I am tech savvy and can fix just about anything on the computer -- there is no issue with Windows or the microphone itself except for the fact that the two are incompatible . Will not buy another Blue product , going with Samson USB CO1U next time .
 I bought this for podcast use on a Vista computer . The cord they sent along did not work , which according to further research , turns out to be quite a problem.If you buy it , the sound is lower than other condenser microphones , but give it an hour or two before you give up . The price is n't terrible , but then again , we should n't have to deal with crappy USB cables . .
 Very low pickup on MacBook Pro / Snow Leopard , even with mic gain maxed out in Sound control panel . Supposed to be a late model , with `` high gain '' firmware already installed , so could n't do anything . Returned . Two stars for fairly clean recording ; may be useful for someone willing to hold mic close to face , and post-process .
 I received this mic first as a present when I just started recording . For a basic mic , it 's great . Vocals are clear , volume is excellent . I would recommend it for pod-casts and such . However , if you want a true sound for music - spend the extra money and get a better mic . The most annoying problem is that your recordings wo n't sound professional due to the `` shh '' sound in the background . I locked myself in a quiet room , closet , bathroom ect . However , the mic picks up everything . I use garage band to record my music because I think it 's one of the best basic programs out there and when I record I have to turn the input mic level wayy down in order to avoid that background noise and it still does n't help enough.When it comes down to it - you have to consider what you 're going to be doing with the mic . If you 're recording music and you really want a professional sound , invest in a higher end condenser mic - you 'll be happy you did . Go to your local Guitar Center and ask them what mic would suite you best . When I went , I brought my laptop with me and I was able to test out the different mics until I found the one I wanted . GC is awesome there and know what they 're doing.Hope this helps !
 I 've been a radio producef and audio designer for 13 years.Trying to avoid having to buy a mixer and all equipment necesary to have a home atudio I turned to this microphone.I was very excited when I bought it . My expectations were high.A USB microphone seem to solve my problems.I read the advantages of the product which were really amazing.But everything changed when I plugged it in.From my own experience I can say that this microphone ca n't be compared to a studio mic . I had to return it , because the sound that I got after recording simply was aweful !!!!!! Even thou that it has 3 diferent positions for recording the sound kept doing the same . It 's perfect as an ambient recording device . Records the cars passing by on the street even with the window closed . My voice sounded dull and had no mids or highs , seemed to me that only grabs the lows . Records all the noises arround , and sounds like I was recording in the bathroom.The mic looks very cool , but if you are a quality freak like me , simply does not do the job.Trying to record a voice over for a professional promo or radio spot takes a lot of time due to all the process I had to add after recording -LRB- dynamic procesors , normalizers , filters for noise reduction , equalization to get highs and mids -RRB- . For amateur recording I think it works fine , but for serious business it 's out of the question .
 This mic is sold in Apple retail stores . But it does n't work with the iMac , and I ca n't figure out why . With my Mac laptop , it 's great . With my desktop , not compatible at all.What gives , Blue ?
 I ordered one of these and it worked ok for about a month ; now my computer ` wo n't recognize ' the darn thing ... What a waste .
 If all you have is a headset or a built in computer mic , sure the snowball is a big upgrade , but as a podcast producer I can not stand this microphone . One of my co host uses this mic and no matter what he does to his surrounding environment I am always having to clean up his background noise in post.I suggest getting the Audio-Technica AT2020 USB Condenser USB Microphone if you want absolutely clean audio for podcasting . You wo n't have to do any editing to the vocal track . Just drop the track in and it 's good to go .
 I spent over an hour trying to get my blue snowball microphone to install on a Windows 7 enterprise machine . Blue Mic 's website indicates that devices manufactured before 2007 are not compatible with Vista and newer operating systems . I do n't know if my mic was manufactured before 2007 because the device does not have a serial number stamped on it . -LSB- According to Blue Mic 's technical support , the serial number should be on a sticker on the unit ; my unit had no such sticker -RSB- . The tech support person I spoke to at Blue Mic indicated that its possible that Amazon is selling really old units . Amazon 's customer service indicated that there is no way to guarantee that a replacement unit wo n't be of the same vintage . Accordingly , I sent mine back for a full refund . It 's a shame , because I bet it would be an awesome mic if it actually worked .
 I 'm using my Snowball under Windows 7 . The unit is a new unit so it should have the `` high gain '' firmware update already installed -LRB- I ca n't be sure ; the company says it is n't needed on models after a certain serial number but I ca n't find a serial number * anywhere * on this mic or the box -RRB- Anyway , the problem , as others have mentioned , is that the mic 's gain is just too little . To record voice , you have to have all your software input levels at 100 % AND have the mic about 2 inches from your mouth . Then on playback , you will need strong speakers as well . If you ca n't get the mic close to your mouth , or you are trying to record a room of people , forget it.I 've sent an email to customer service , but no response.This * could have been * a great product -- what were they thinking ??
 It 's pretty . It gets great sound , but the recording level is just too low.I went through two of these things , and here 's the deal . If you are going to be two inches from it , or you are going to be recording loud sources , you 'll be pleased as punch.If you are going to be recording the normal volume of a human voice , or you want to record a number of participants around a table , you will find that the recording levels are just far far too low.To make sure I did n't just get a bad one , I went through two of these and found exactly the same problem . I even spent a good deal of time with their customer support person -LRB- who seems to be a really swell guy -RRB- and there are no driver or firmware updates to increase the gain on this newer version of the microphone . It 's just the way these microphones are designed.I ended up sending the two Snowballs back and purchasing the Audio Technica AT2020USB Condenser USB Microphone . The AT2020USB turned out to be just perfect for my use .
 I really wanted to like this mic and everyone all over the net seemed to love . It sounds great , the options are nice , and it 's really cute , but the recording volume is unacceptably low . I have the levels on windows 7 maxed , and there are n't any other drivers to help it . I have hold it two inches from my face , it 's too heavy/bulky to do that comfortably , and not terribly attractive to be webcasting with your head behind this giant ball .
 This microphone sounds fine if you place it right next to your mouth , but people standing more than two feet away sound distant and muffled . I 've turned up the gain in my imac settings and my garageband settings and have been unable to get a recording that sounds any better than a cheapo microphone.I 've come across quite a few online reviews that report a similar problem.Pretty disappointing .
 While I fully believe that I received a lemon , Blue 's support staff claimed that my four Macs running Leopard were to blame for the Snowball not being recognized and/or only sending an over-modulated static signal . All of my Macs have successfully used other USB mics without additional drivers , so I do not believe Blue 's assertion that these problems are Leopard 's fault . Apple sells this product in its own stores . It would n't if it were truly incompatible with its OS . Blue 's support offered no help except to suggest that return the product for a refund.I would have been happy to receive a replacement , however , the unhelpful and seemingly uninterested help from Blue has made me decide to never buy another Blue product .
 Though yes , the quality is not bad for a microphone at this price , the awful help at blue and the extremely low volume make this useless to me . I now have to return it .
 I went through two of these and they both had the same problem . While recording bass notes , a high pitch metallic ringing sound could be heard in the recording . I tried multiple stands , cables , instruments , everything . The must me a metal part loose in the unit to be causing that . I tried recording upright bass , bass guitar amplified , keyboard , even low vocals . It was present in every low note . I thought it must be a defect so I sent it back . When I received the second one , it was exactly the same ! Hopefully they can get that figured out . I eventually picked up the Audio-Technica AT2020 and could n't be happier .
 This microphone does give great sound ... when it works.I am very frustrated ... it just stops working for no reason at all . I have windows xp and I do n't know why it works at times , but not at other times . Wasting a lot of my time
 Not plug and play . Just read reviews . Would be good , i guess , if it worked.Too many problems . Obvious manufacturing problems and poor support . Where 's windows 8 drivers ? Still problems with windows 7 ? Another reason to buy American made .
 The Snowball microphone is cute and stylish but has poor quality vocal recording sound in the playback . The second level is noisy with background static and the other two levels are noisier . The Bundle does n't include the ringer ; only the stand . You must purchase the ringer separately . You need the ringer for shock absorption . the Snowball is a little heavy and may tip over in the stand . I have had much better tone quality from much less expensive microphones . I was disappointed . Blue Microphones does not allow merchants to provide product coverage or extended warranties for the Snowball Microphone .
 Well , because Amazon lacks in keeping up with their products and keeping them current , I spent $ 63 on a microphone I 'm unable to use in modern times . The version they sent me is not compatible with the current operating systems Windows 7 or Vista because it 's an older model.I know these are great microphones so it 's disappointing that my time was wasted . Potential buyers , buy from the manufacturer to get the latest microphone for your needs .
 I 'm not sure what has happened to my Snowball microphone , but I do not like it.I received this for christmas , and it worked amazingly well for about a month before it just stopped responding . I do n't know if it was a windows update or something else that happened , but every time I plug the snowball into ANY computer , windows tells me `` USB device not recognized '' . Support from their website is kind of slow and they do not offer ANY drivers for download -LRB- which would , usually , fix this kind of problem in a heartbeat -RRB- .
 My relatively new snowball quit working after I installed Windows 8 . As of 1/8/2013 the company told me that none of their products are compatible with Windows 8 and they do not know if they will ever be . Their recommendation is to stick with Windows 7 .
 I have two of these . One at home and one at work . I 've found them to be very finicky . A difference of an inch can change the audio levels a lot and since there is significant lag in the analog to digital conversion it is nearly impossible to monitor the levels while recording oneself . I finally gave up on these and went with a separate mic mixing board and firewire A/D converter . The quality is n't that much better but at least I can listen to myself on the headphones while I record to make sure the levels are n't changing without being .1 second out of sync .
 It works with windows xp but windows 7 is a no go ! Blue snowball has terrible documentation on this problem .
 First , this thing is big . Think softball big . I wanted something I could take on the road with me . This aint it.However , I 'll grant you that from my little bit of experience with it , the audio seems to be pretty good -LRB- tested on Sound Forge 9 -RRB- . The problem this mic shares with about 95 % of USB mics is that you are dependent on the monitoring audio of your computer/software . When I record , the headphones are on . The lag on my laptop made monitoring impossible . Some software does n't even support monitoring during recording . Recoding without real-time monitoring is like shooting pictures without a viewfinder.Sp the mic has been returned.I 've ordered a Samson G-Track , which supports real time monitoring . The G-track has dreadful mechanical noise isolation -LRB- essentially zero -RRB- so it absolutely required a shock mount , but at least I can hear what is being recorded as it happens.I did order a Blue Snowflake ... Yeah ... I know ... Same monitoring problem . But that same problem is in a cardioid that 's golf ball size instead of softball size -- and cheaper -- making it a little easier to swallow.And I 'm still interested in the Blue Yeti ...
 The mic performs OK , but be prepared -- the thing comes with just what you see - bare microphone only . No way to support it unless you buy a stand . No usb cord with it -LRB- can you say 89 cents ? -RRB- . The manual is filled with clever quotes and puns , but light on useful technical info .
 Forget any illusions about a great PC Mike with the Snowball for webcasting , videos , or anything . Unless , you have actually seen this work , or know somebody who has seen it work . Look for something else . I thought , this mic would be great for doing voice overs for eLearning Media . I work for a large company and if I could find a good mic I could do this work at home . For work I have a Dell 630 with Sony Sound Forge . pretty standard stuff . Works just fine with a dozen other types of studio quality mics at workIn short , I plug the thing into the USB Port , ` Not Recognized ' . I try my home PC , ` Not Recognized ' . I am pretty technical , so I go through a bunch of troubleshooting techniques . No nothing , wasting hours of time . Oh , I did get big time hissing and tunnel voice when it did work.So , next step try their tech support . What tech support ? The phone number is an answering machine to no where . Let 's try their email support , there is no chat support , I 've sent three emails to them , and after two weeks , no anything . This thing does not even have a warranty . Let 's try their RA form . Where is the RA form ? If you find one , please , let me know . I wonder , if these people even exist , and they are just unloading a warehouse full of these things that were made two years ago when they went out of businessA 100 odd dollar crapshoot . A good PC Plantronics of Koss mic will work just fine . And , they will return your emails or phone.I can not stand these scams or poor and non-existent custumer support.Kim
 I am a professional videographer , specializing in training videos . I bought Blue Microphone 's Snowball in February 2012 . It 's three months later and it stopped working.It has power , but neither my Windows 7 , XP , or MacBook Pro 2011 , will recognize the mic . I contacted Blue Microphone 's Customer Service via their on-line form at 9 AM , EST , and I sent them an email at the same time . Later in the day I called them . No response.Their Customer Service is only open weekdays on PST . When you call them you will receive a recorded message asking to leave a message and they will call you back . No call received.The microphone did not work as well as expected when it was working . It has three settings , one for ambient noise , e.g. , a classroom setting , which does not work.The microphone does not include software because it is supposed to be automatically detected by your operating system . This no longer works.The microphone is made in China . This means Americans do n't work.I bought a Samson , because I have to keep working and ca n't wait for Blue Microphone to get back to me.Buyer beware , stay away from this company.P.S . I 'm rating this item 1 Star only because Amazon forces me to give it that high a rating .
 This is like the product of some kind of fanboy propagandists . This thing is simply not that good . I did tests between it and my DARN INTERNAL MACBOOK MIC and most people could barely tell a difference.If it was 30 bucks , I 'd say pick it up . But I 'm a Jew and I love good value -LRB- that 's the truth y' heard !? -RRB- and this is BAD value . Get a cheap Logitech or realize that you can just use your Mac 's built-in . The kids are all on mp3 's these days anyway.That 's my take .
 Warning to those who do not know : If you do not have a sound card that supports USB sound connectivity , do NOT purchase any microphones or headsets that run on USB ! These will not work unless you plan on purchasing and installing an all-new sound card in your computer that will support playing & recording audio via USB port.For those with older computers , it is a simple task to look at your sound card port -LRB- where you plug in your speakers/microphone - usually in the back of your PC -RRB- ... If you see the green , red , and black standard audio ports , but NO USB on the same metal plate , then you should not get a USB driven audio device unless you are ready to upgrade your sound card in order to fully support these devices.There may be updates to the software or drivers on your sound card manufacturer 's website , so check there as well before you decide not to get a USB sound device . However , 99 % of the time , these USB speakers , microphones , headsets , etc. will not work without the proper physical USB plug on the sound card itself.Just a little FYI for those about to buy without checking . -- Xo
 I ordered this microphone at the same time as I ordered a FLIP camera on the understanding that they worked together . If they did , I could n't figure out how once I tried it , so I sent it back , very disappointed .
 I heard many good things about the Snowball microphone and so i decided to purchase one . Big mistake . This microphone wo n't even playout through your speakers , the only way to use it is through a program like garage band , gross . I just want to record vocals into Magix Music Maker , sure it records them in , but you ca n't listen to what you 're recording . Sorry Blue , better luck next time .
 For the price , I expected better bass tones . It seems not very good on the low end frequencies . Though the sound is clear , just a bit thin .
 I purchased this microphone to record podcasts of my lectures . I had been using the built-in microphone on my MacBook Pro , but as I moved around the classroom and especially if I turned to the whiteboard , the sound was too muffled to hear . The microphone could n't be easier to use , just plug and play . It comes with a stand that folds in to save space when you 're not using it , but makes the microphone very stable when set up . The sound is certainly a huge improvement over the built-in microphone , and has a wider field over which the sound quality is excellent . I have had to fiddle a bit with the positioning , as a couple of times the USB cable pulled the microphone around so it was no longer facing me . It would be nice if there was a way to lock it in position , rather than allowing it to freely rotate . It 's also quite large , and I wish it had come with a holder of some sort . Other than that I 'm really happy with the ease of use and the sound quality . The price was great as well , certainly very low for the quality of the microphone . A great choice for recording podcasts.Updated review , January 2011
 The snowball was broken right out of the box . It would only faintly pick up audio on setting `` 2 '' , settings `` 1 '' and `` 3 '' would produce static with the audio.I called their service line and was greeted with an answering machine . I left a message and , to their credit , was called back quickly ; but missed the call.I called again and left another message and was called back promptly again . I explained the problem briefly and was told it would require servicing and to just fill out their form online to get an RMA number and shipping instructions.I had already filled out their form , but they said they had no record of it and to try again . So I tried again and still nothing.So I sent in a e-mail to their support filling out another form on their website and was taken to a page that showed confirmation that it was sent . Still have n't heard back from them.Pretty crappy all around . I paid for shipping to get the product , and will have to immediately pay for MORE shipping to have it serviced.I also e-mailed the vendor selling this on Amazon asking if I can just return it to them and have not heard back from them.I 've read other reviews lately about the static problem and it seems to be a quality control issue on their end.I went out and bought a mic from another company just cause I need it now .
 Update two years after buying it originally . It took a lot of bother and a lot of back-and-forth with the company ; we finally had to ship ours back to the manufacturer for an updated chip . Once that was done , the microphone worked fine .
 This mic is a major disappointment . It is a great idea and * when it works * it honestly sounds very good -LRB- at least within this price bracket and as a USB mic -RRB- . Unfortunately , that 's where the praise stops.I 've had this for almost two years , used it off and on and it 's had constant problems . First was the extremely low gain -LRB- fixed eventually with a firmware update -RRB- and from then on it 's gotten more and more flakey about working at all -LRB- on both XP and OS X - Tiger and Leopard -RRB- . Now I ca n't even get it to recognize when I plug it in most of the time . But hey - at least it lights up.I 've done a LOT of searching online to try find suggestions to try get this thing working , but honestly all I 'm finding is a ton of great PR `` reviews '' where everybody talks about what a neat product concept it is . Unfortunately , this mic does not deliver the goods and to make things worse , Blue 's customer `` support '' on their forums is the worst I 've ever seen . -LRB- Seriously , you owe it to yourself to check the forum out before you buy this mic - http://www.bluemic.com/forum/viewforum.php?f=18&sid;=3218fb6d8f310b1b5fda2eeebdb33a59 -RRB- Blue 's got a good reputation for high-end mics , but after dealing with the Snowball they wo n't ever be seeing another dime from me .
 I recieved this and was planning on recording a voice over for a video . Had everyone here and it is not recognized by Windows 7 . Called customer support and the support person is `` out in the field today . '' After much reading on the web I figuered that this was manufactured before 2007 and is not compatible with Windows 7 . You will see that there are other reports of this as well . A very poor reflection on Amazon as they are aware of the problem . No note on the listing of the product advising of Windows 7 incompability either . I guess with Amazon it is `` buyer beware . '' For another $ 2 , I could have ordered from B&H ; and had one that worked vs. this antique!Blue Microphones Snowball USB Microphone -LRB- White -RRB-
 I own this mic -LRB- 3 years + -RRB- and since upgrading to win7 pro 64-bit the mic will not work . It is not recognised and the driver fails to install . Blue support could care less , do n't respond , and have not provided a firmware or driver update . My mic is now an expensive desk ornament . If you are considering buying this mic - beware how old the seller 's stock is .
 This was the first pedal i bought and i purchased it about 2 years ago . i play hair metal and some heavy and thrash , and this pedal does not work for me . its a well constructed pedal , very tough , but you just cant get an edgy sound outta it . the only thing ive got it work with is some bad company and ac dc . but if you try to get the metallica sound or a guns n ' roses , warrant , ratt , or anything with a heavier set guitar range , it just wont work . bar chords sound terrible on it . so now im going to purchase metal zone pedals . not a good pedal in my opinion .
 Amazon , you should be ashamed . Do n't let SamAsh fool you into believing that ANYBODY in the world is selling the M44G cartridge and stylus for $ 100.00 . They sell for the same price all over the world that you are calling a $ 35.00 savings , which makes this absolutely no savings at all . Do you folks research anything ???
 Hard to believe this item is so well reviewed . I suckered for the price and now have an instrument that is not only difficult to play but impossible to tune ! I took it to a professional musical instruments shop and threw away some more money as they could not tune it . It is discordant with play-along 's . A lemon ? Or did I just get what I paid for ? Either way , painful to the wallet . Going to bite the big-bucks bullet and get a Yamaha .
 ... because although it works well when it works , it does n't seem to last very long . We 've gone through two of them in the past 5 years . I 'll edit this review to let you know how the return process goes .
 I didn > t like the look and tothis day have not been able to play it at all.So for me it was a waste of money , I will never buy another synthetic shofar again
 Stay away from this card if you have WIndows 7 , at least until a driver is created.I was so pleased to get this card MAUDIO Revolution 7.1 . I thought it would be great . I got it from amazon.com and it was a better price than I could find elsewhere.However , I found there were some manufacturer limitations.I installed using UBUNTU STUDIO , I can not remember which version that was.It worked for awhile but soon decided it did not want to work anymore after I did an upgrade.So I eventually bought anCreative Labs SB0570L4 Sound Blaster Audigy SE Sound Card . It worked in Windows and Ubuntu Studio.I have recently upgraded to Windows 7 and Audigy works here too -- if you check the Creative website you will see that drivers are available for Windows 7 . Well , I thought I would try the MAudio card again but dropped by MAudio today to see if I could download a driver . Their page indicates that a driver is being developed . Their forum has a reply by an Maudio tech who says that they do n't supply dates for driver updates to be completed . So there is no way at this time to tell if / when this will be done.The low rating is for the driver and maudio support -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- . the card is great if you can get it to work .
 If you are running Panther on a Power Mac system , then I would not get this card . The crappy drivers causes kernal panics within a few minutes of starting the system . I contacted their `` Tech Support '' and got nowhere fast . It seems that they are more interested in making excuses and finger points to oters as to why their card does n't work . Then they go on to basicly say `` Tough luck for now . We will have new drivers for you soon '' but they do n't say when , if ever , that they will have them.It has been two weeks since Panther has come out and there has been nothing from them . All their other products have Panther updates , why not the Revolution ?
 Do not buy this if you are planning on using Windows Vista . There are no -LRB- not even beta -RRB- drivers and the Windows XP/64 drivers do not work . M-Audio seems totally arrogant about the whole thing and there are no target dates for any driver support -LRB- which has n't even been confirmed -RRB- .
 The M-Audio Revolution 7.1 is listed as being Mac compatible but with all the issues it has currently , I am not sure how that is true.I own a G4 Mirrored Drive Tower and have had nothing but problems with this sound card . Currently there is still no driver for anything past 10.4.6 and if you upgrade any higher the card will not work in Surround Sound . Besides that there is constant speaker popping and horrible buzzing and squeals when switching between programs , sometimes even when the computer is not in use . It has been flakey with surround sound when using DVD Player and Quicktime , as well . During the 10 % of times it works without a hassle the sound is great through my Logitech speakers , so it is quite sad when it does n't work . It seems that this is the only option for Mac users to achieve surround sound that I know of , which is also very saddening.I have a feeling I will be selling this to a PC user in the near future and just settling for good ol ` stereo .
 The guitar is pretty nice looking although I didnt play it due to it being broken in shipping , it had a broken switch , chips in the finish and all the strings had been dislodged from bouncing around in the box . -LRB- returned for refund -RRB-
 If you want a good ocarina go directly to docjazz4 on youtube and learn about them .
 The other reviewers seem very satisfied with the sound quality of this ocarina , so perhaps mine was simply defective , but I found the sound very disappointing . It was faint and breathy , and required much effort and even more luck to find just the right angle to get anything resembling a clear tone out of it . Returned it , and found a new one that works much better .
 If your looking for something to use as decoration or to give as a toy to your child . . Go ahead and buy it . But if your really interested in learning to play the ocarina save your money .
 I did not read the reviews for this product , which I think is the one and only time I have never done so . If I had , I would not have been surprised when unopened the package and found it not to be a '' Yamaha '' brand product as specified , but a generic no-name product . The product does appear like the one in the picture and should work just fine , I just hate deception in advertising especially in regards to online shopping when you rely on the honesty of the seller to provide legitimate descriptions of their products and not use a brand name to suck your sale in . The fast mail service would have impressed me to buy again until I opened the package only to see I had bit on a bait and switch .
 I bought this for my Hutchen 's flute and this does a very bad job of cleaning the flute . All the moisture simply gets redistributed throughout the length of the flute ! The material on this flute cleaner is NOT AT ALL absorbent . I expected it to suck up the moisture immediately on contact , since that would be the only good way to clean a flute . I 'm a flute newbie and this is disappointing . I have read on other reviews that it 's best to use a cleaning rod with a cleaning cloth , so I will buy those and see how that works out .
 I ordered this cork grease to save myself a trip to the music store . I could n't be more disappointed . The packaging is a joke . The diameter of the package is almost exactly the same size as a quarter coin - it is even smaller than a plastic cover for a water bottle or pop bottle . The thickness of the container is slightly greater than 1/4 inch in height . The package is EXTREMELY difficult to get open . Until the packaging gets changed - DO N'T buy this product .
 This video has a great premise . It just does n't deliver . All shots are similar , not personal interviews or stories , no locational footage . Soundtrack is bad . I fell asleep watching this . If you do n't already own `` That 's it , that 's all , '' buy it instead of this !
 I owned Acid 2.0 a few years back and had loads of fun making music and re-mixing . A couple years passed , I lost the Installation CD 's , and my wife graciously bought me Screenblast Acid 4.0 . Well , it looks and works just like Acid 2.0 , except the included loops are all cheesy , already slapped-together garbage , and there are much fewer of them.Sure , you can get more loops via the Screenblast.com web site , but it 's $ 39.95 per year to subscribe . And all the Acid Loop Libraries ? Now that Sony owns them , they 're $ 50 EACH !!! Almost the cost of the software itself to own just one library!If you need more loops -LRB- and you WILL -RRB- , find web sites like AcidFanatic.com , where these libraries are still reasonably priced , or just find free loops elsewhere.VERY disappointed in this product . You 'd think that two revisions and a major media outlet would improve this great product , but Sony has just turned this into a cash cow for their music loops . It 's like giving you a car for free , but it runs on `` Special '' gas that costs $ 10 a gallon ...
 This is for people who are not already familiar with this kind of software . Do n't bother . The tutorials are of no help whatsoever . Here 's an idea
 this software sucks ! first when you get it the samples are so freakin ' cheesy and when you want cool loops you have to get on Sony 's website and buy them seperately -LRB- what a rip off ! -RRB- Buy the other Acid pro thats 250 bucks ITS SEMI COOL.SONY YOU CHEAP RIP OFF !
 your web address ca n't be found . i have took acid4 .0 back two time and it still dos n't work . i tryed to get my money back but best buy said it is copywrited.so thanks for the trouble !!!! this has got to be one of worst product that sonyever put there name on.so thanks for taking mymoney !!!!
 I have owned this product now for a little over a year and I have been through 4 wa302 instrument cables . They are cheap chords and also very expensive . I would never buy another shure system again .
 As you show in the picture I recived a completely different product , not like a picture I do n't why.I ordered according to the picture but you sent me another product , for example without antennas external only internals.So I pay like a PGX14 , but you sent me a PG14.I 'm not agree with this purchase
 This product lasted less than two years . First one channel went bad and six months later the other receiver went out . They started to get static in the line tried to change frequencies to no avail and then the receiver would not receive at all .
 Crap . Does n't work . Wanted to return it but had to go out of town and lost the time period . Plastic junk , never did get a good signal . The worst Sony item I 've ever purchased -- and I 'm a Sony fan . Will still attempt to return somehow . Do n't even bother .
 Product is of very low quality . Does not meet the standards of what is described . Not even CLOSE . I would NOT recommend these wireless external mic t + r to ANYONE . What a waste of ~ $ 120.00
 This mic gives off as much lint as my dryer . Do n't bother ... spend the money on something better . I 'm a wedding videographer and these things just do n't cut it with their plastic exteriors .
 This product was a huge disappointment . The channel noise of the transmitter/receiver almost drowns out the speech signal . The Signal to Noise ratio is 10-15dB at best -LRB- useless -RRB- , even with a higher quality replacement lapel microphone . When the same microphone was connected directly into the camcorder , the SNR was at least 40-50dB . I went back to the store to see if I had a defective unit , but the other unit I tried had the same characteristics .
 I was extremely disappointed with this product ; I felt very let down by Sony , because for years I bought Sony items with confidence , knowing that anything produced by them would be good and reliable . This item only goes to prove that Sony 's standards have dropped and , as such I will use considerable caution when buying anthing else of theirs.What lets this product down is the lack of distance one can be before the sound breaks up ; 2 metres -LRB- not 45 metres as stated on the wrapping -RRB- was the best I could do , and that was in a straight line . No , all this item is fit for is the rubbish bin !
 Being a Sony fan and expecting the customary good quality items one would normally receive ... this item is disappointing . It 's just not very good sounding and has some issues with hiss and pop occasionally . If it were a different company other than Sony I would probably give it more stars .
 constant pops and feedback noises . plus you had to keep line of site up to 8 feet away or no sound whatsoever , and no wind foam mic cover . Dont get it . I got a audio technica 700 $ 200 waaaay better . Its uhf instead of vhf , I think thats why .
 I bought this wireless microphone set to use with my camcorder . When I tested it out the mic and receiver were never more than 10-15 feet away from each other and yet I still I had static so much so that it made the audio unusable.If you really want wireless mics I think it may be better to spend more money and get a better product because it does n't really matter how cheap something is if it does n't work and intended .
 I just tested my new Sony WCS-999 wireless microphone on my Canon 60D . The transmitter and receiver are constructed using cheap lightweight plastic and are made in Malaysia . I have three comments :1 . The lavalier microphone jack , and the cable that you plug into your camera 's audio input are both 3.5 mm mini jacks in MONO , instead of STEREO . So if you use a DSLR which records in stereo , like my Canon 60D , the system will record only on one of your two channels . To avoid copying the audio track onto both channels later on you have to go to Radio Shack and buy a mono-to-stereo adapter .2 . The system has a useful range of only 15 feet , not 150 feet as Sony claims . And it will absolutely not work around a corner . It 's line of sight only .3 . The unit has a fair amount of background noise , -LRB- hiss -RRB- .
 I have tried to use these under optimal settings to see if maybe it was my camera causing the interference or something else but I always get static in my recordings even when they are close together .
 The quality of this product was very bad . It was difficult to get working and the sound quality and ergonomics were disappointing and hard to work with . I can not recommend this product and suggest that you keep looking for something that works and is designed better .
 Everything about these bags is cheap -- the zippers , the unwoven-cloth lining , the padding , the workmanship , the design . It 's about on par with the bags that chain music stores have during sales for ten or fifteen bucks.I bought two of these for a couple of classicals I have and they were tight on the upper bout with one guitar and tight on the lower bout with the other . As the zipper on one was already sprung right out of the box , I am hesitant to put much load on it . The zipper pulls are the flimsiest I 've seen on anything in a long time . The padding is supposedly 20mm , but it is very low-density and insubstantial.I got these mostly to just insulate the guitars from fluctuations in room temperature and humidity indoors , and I suppose they are adequate for that purpose , but beyond that I have my doubts .
 I 've been playing the Hugh Tracey Kalimba for many years.I bought a Mid East Kalimba from eBay.It was advertised as a Hugh Tracey Kalimba and camein an old Hugh Tracey box . I thought I had gotten a good deal.In the picture it looks exactly the same.The first thing I noticed different was the paint on the tines.It was a more of a translucent color . I thought it had beenrepainted -LRB- and kind of a sloppy job at that -RRB- . The next thing I noticed , as soon as I took it out the boxwas that it was a much heavier wood . It did not have the lightfeel of the Hugh Tracey models which are made from an exotic , resonant Kiaat wood . This thing was thick.It looked very pretty though.The big disappointment came when I started to play the instrument.First off , it was out of tune . I had a rough time trying to tunethis beast . With the Hugh Tracey models , I just wiggle the tinesside to side or use a coin to push the tines.The tines do n't move easily on this Mid East Beast ... Damn!Unless you know what you are doing , you wo n't beable to get this thing in tune . It 's very difficult.After fighting with it for almost an hour , I finally got it tuned.The sound is OK but kind of tinny -LRB- if that 's a word -RRB- . It does n't have the full , deeper sound of the Hugh Tracey.It 's probably because the tines are thicker.It does n't have the mellow tamber nor maintain the sustain.I also notice the edges of the tines are not smooth.It 's a little rough on your thumbnails.You probably should sand them down some to smooth it out.All in all , it looks pretty but not much fun to play.I would never buy another one -LRB- and wish I could get my money back -RRB- . You 'd be much better off with a Hugh Tracey Model.They come tuned , do n't scratch your thumbnailsand give you a much fuller , more mellow sound .
 I bought a Pakistani-made Mid-East Mfg `` Large Kalimba '' about 2 years ago , and am holding it in my hand right now . It is difficult to tune . I have heard from some people that their Mid-East Mfg kalimbas arrived untuned , and as they lacked the strength to push the tines or the knowledge of how it should be tuned , it was unusable to them -LRB- perhaps that is the sound of a dying giraffe ? -RRB- . Of the 17 tines , 5 on my kalimba make a dull `` thud '' instead of the nice ringing that most of the tines make -LRB- this situation has persisted since a few months after I bought the kalimba , and I ca n't figure out how to fix it -RRB- . The wood is beautifully polished , and the kalimba looks beautiful , and would make a good coffee table piece , but not a good musical instrument . It appears to be a nearly exact copy of the Hugh Tracey 17-note Treble kalimba from Africa , but the sound and the playing does not really compare . This is a very inexpensive kalimba , and I dare say that you get your money 's worth . For $ 30 , I would actually recommend buying one of the better US-made 8-note kalimbas ; yes , it has fewer notes , but you will get more enjoyment out of the kalimba .
 I received this kalimba last night . At first open I was actually very excited how nice it LOOKED . I would have been proud to have this one in my collection . The item was described as new , however there were a few blemishes -LRB- which I would not have minded cuz it was under $ 50 bucks -RRB- . I tuned it into it 's proper range -LRB- B as bottom note -RRB- . Tuning it is n't as bothersome as other people have commented . However , I immediately realized that the first two tines did not play right -LRB- the sound was muted and made `` thunk '' sounds . If you do decide to buy this kalimba - be careful cuz the dealer does n't refund any of the shipping . I hope you do n't get one with muted notes like I got . Also , the sound is not as strong as similar kalimbas - but just sounds okay . By the way , I do n't have anything to gain or lose by commenting here . I was really hoping it would work out . -LRB- Returned it during my lunch break . -RRB- Thank you .
 I normally read the reviews on things before i buy them and when i see someone rate something really low i think that they are just being debbie downers , but honestly , DO NOT BUY THIS it is a waste of 50 dollars . Spend the extra 50 and get a good one if you are really interested but this one came out of tune and its just ... wrong . It was a total drag and of course i threw away the packaging like a donk so now i can not return it ...
 I own a Mid-East kalimba , and a chromatic tuner , and let me tell you that tuning it was no easy task , but still , if you 're looking for a nice little , sweet-sounding musical toy , or as a whimsical gift , I guess it might do . Afterall it DOES sound pretty , but then so does a child 's xylophone . Hugh Tracey makes superior kalimbas . . I know I have both . The tines on a Mid-East are thicker so it 's harder to pin-point the notes when tuning & the tines have rough edges so your thumbnails tend to chip & fray slightly if you play for extended periods . The Rosewood box is less resonant , African Kiatt wood is lighter & much more resonant & it feels better in your hands , so it beats Rosewood hands down !! The tines on a Mid-East are not on the same level so chords are impossible , not to mention rippling , smooth glissandos . Not so on a Hugh Tracey Kalimba , they are perfectly aligned and uniform and much thinner , more easily tuned for a better sound !! Everyone will enjoy playing an HTK because it 's so user friendly . Sure Mid-East makes pretty sounds . . but a Hugh Tracey Kalimba sounds beautiful . Do n't take my word for it experience it for yourself ... You wo n't be sorry you did !
 I already own a tiny pentatonic Catania kalimba , and wanted to buy something with a full diatonic range of a few octaves . I made the mistake of cheaping out and ordering this beastie . As the other reviewers said , you get what you pay for . I 'm tempted to say that with the Mid-East thumb piano , you do n't even get that much -- unless you want a pretty box to decorate your coffee table.The wood is shiny , smooth , and heavy , but the sound is truly awful . Mine arrived so badly out of tune -LRB- multiple whole steps -RRB- that the notes were unrecognizable . If you can manage to tune it -LRB- it 's a struggle , you may want to order a Leatherman or a set of pliers to go with your Mid-East thumb piano , or else you wo n't have thumbs to play it with -RRB- , the resultant sound is flat and dead . Some of the tines make a rattle/click when played . The steel used seems too stiff to produce adequate vibrations in the heavy wood . In comparison , the Catania resonates about ten times longer , and it 's only a flat board , not a hollow soundbox.If you want a musical instrument , save up and buy a Hugh Tracey or Catania , both of which have a lush , full sound . If you want a decoration , the Mid-East will do .
 This one is awful ! The tune is totally wrong and it ` s hard to tune . The face was covered with scratches and dents . Do n`t buy it .
 This Is Only For Steroe Systems Not Studio To Light And Small I Would Rather Use The Ones From Technical Pro
 I bought these PylePro series speakers new and could not use them as the box itself rattles and mixes with the sound or music , very very annoying . The box itself is made of something like hard cardboard and there seems to be no quality control in the way the box was put together . All the materials used in its construction are substandard ; could not imagine from pictures it could have been like this .
 It 's great for the money , perhaps I should n't have been so frugal . The material used in this product would have been much more useful if it were made of a harder plastic . It just grips the mic too snuggly .
 The silver screw is missing ... so i can not use this . I hope i will be able to find same at a store or so .
 At first i thought these were okay and got the job done just fine . After a few weeks I started noticing that the adapter was falling apart and becoming unusable . My little microphone might have been a little too heavy for it im guessing . The adapter that screws on to your mic stand detached from the actual plastic of the mic holder . It was fixable , but just really annoying to fix everyday . I suggest you spend a little extra money on a better mic clip holder because this clip does n't last very long . The plastic and screws feel flimsy , and the construction is really bad . From my experience , anything labeled `` Musician 's Gear '' on Amazon , like this mic clip , is in the long run , not a very good investment . They 're cheap , and basic . They get the job done yeah , but not a very good job . They end up falling apart after a few weeks or months .
 I guess I should have spent a little more time researching clips . I suppose it is functional , just inexpensive and flimsy .
 Musician 's Gear send the wrong clip and the microphone does n't fit on it . I do n't ' want to call them for this $ 5 dollar item . They should have known because I bought the microphone from them at the same time . Shame on them .
 The inside threads were broken , making it nearly impossible to put on the stand . However , we did finally get it on , but now it will not stay on the stand . Because the cost of it was so cheap , it is not worth sending back .
 This is not as pictured . The clips I received are crappy rubber clips that are useless for live stage use because it is nearly impossible for performers to remove and replace a microphone in the clip.I would return them except shipping and restocking fees would be almost as much as the refund I would get according to the seller 's terms -LRB- Musician 's Friend -RRB- . I gave it one star only because zero is n't an option .
 Its poorly made with attention to detail . I ordered them to fit on my dual mic clamp purchased here at Amazon . But they will not screw down all the way and are losse . It is useless !!! Other mic holders from different manufacturers work fine .
 Not happy with the sellers description or the product . The description says `` Heavy Duty '' which makes you assume that it 's a regular hard plastic Mic Clip , but it 's not . IT 'S RUBBER !!! It sucks . Used it a couple times and it 's hard to slide the mic in and I can see after a couple more uses how it 's probably going to need to be taped because the swivel will become very loos cause the rubber will wear down quickly , and flex . IT 'S FLEXIBLE !!! Who uses Flexible Mic Clips ?!!! Make sure you do n't buy this and get a hard plastic clip instead .
 We had purchased this item previously and received what was shown in picture . This time the item we recieved was not the same quality or material , hard plastic as opposed to soft molded rubber to hold the mic . Fortunately we had one of the older styles ordered and was able to use .
 Yes , this clip is cheap . And the rubber does grab the mic fine . But this is obviously one of those Chinese made products that are made of toxic , highly off-gassing rubber . I wish companies would stop this practice of allowing their products to be made with toxic , smelly Chinese synthetic rubber .
 Its an okay clip . I have had better . It does not brake or anything bad like that it is just OKAY .
 I bought 2 of these for holding pencil condenser mics . What a waste . They need tape to keep the mic from falling out . The spring is light duty and falls out .
 Had this case for approximately 2 months and the right case latch broke off . Then 1 month after that the interior nylon strap that holds the top and bottom case halves together came unglued and now the case just flops open . Not impressed with this product . Still waiting on the Gator warranty dept to get back in touch with me .
 They are Terrible ! Their customer service stinks ! The other part that went with this did n't work and the company never replaced it or gave me my money back .
 not worth it at all . you can find 8 inch speakers that sound better than this for a fraction of the price !!
 So i thought they were for eye contacts and then they came and they dont fit on my pool lite or anything so wont let me return !!!
 we thought they were colored contact lenses but itd ok it was our mistake and who knows we may need thenm
 VERY disappointed to find out that YET ANOTHER US company has moved production to Asia.When will it end ?
 This pedal really did n't WOW me . I have several others and found that this item was the weakest of the bunch and therefore returned it to the retailer . Granted , the pedal was n't expensive , but I saw no reason to keep it .
 I typed in Yamaha piano and this one came up . Beware , not a Yamahabut looks like one .
 Essentially , the cello arrived with its sound post rolling around inside of it . Mkay , that 's just the beginning . I pulled it out of the case and installed the bridge , normally . . You 'd line it up with the sound post but that was busy rolling around inside of it so you know . I made do with what I had there . The strings were God awful , so please order an extra set of strings that are n't cheap . It was incredibly lightweight and just felt cheap even in my hands . Ya ' really do get what you pay for with this thing.Now , after I tuned it up and got that in working order , I began to play a simple C scale ... The flappin ' fingerboard literally slide off , taking out the bridge and onto the floor . The nut up top just tumbled right down behind it as well . I just sat there blinking and staring . I had no idea what the hell to do so I just calmly place the cello back inside of its case and took my dog for a walk.Later , I returned and immediately began taking pictures of the box that it arrived in and then the fingerboard . . Ridiculous . . I 've enclosed a handful of pictures for you guys to see.I felt like I was taking pictures of an open faced casket that should 've been close faced . Yall be careful when viewing these pictures . .
 We were hesitant to try this cello , but we thought even if we had to replace the bridge we would be okay with that.We set the bridge up , tightened the strings enough to get them taut -- -LRB- definitely needed peg drops too btw -RRB- , you could see clearly it would never play without some major revamping . The nut at the top of the fingerboard looked almost as if it had been grinded down at odd angles , to the point of being nearly nothing left on one side . The strings literally rested ` on ' the fingerboard on the bottom - bridge end . The body of the cello is really super cheap-fakey looking pin-striping , the fine tuners might last a couple of turns - very lightweight . We had hoped for a basic playable cello for a 7th grader to drag back & forth to school -LRB- do you want a $ 1000 cello at that age ? -RRB- - the hard case is nice , the stand is neat . But like at least one other reviewer stated , unless you just want to hang it on the wall for looks , it 's not going to work . We are returning it tomorrow to Cecilio and are buying a D'luca for a little extra money - that one comes ` shop tuned ' and ready to play . I would certainly never buy this or recommend it to anyone . I will pay more attention to reviews from now on and not be stuck on low ` price ' only . . Lesson learned .
 only one big problem , the tuning pegs will NOT stay put and the fine tuning pegs at the bottom break at a the drop of a hat .
 The cello is poor quality , the bridge did n't even fit ... But the case , stand , set of strings and so on are almost worth the price . I sent it back .
 OK , so I bought this for my daughter for Christmas . It arrived ... and ... there are no instructions or directions . What do I do now ? How do I get it ready so she will be able to play around with it on Christmas ? This is ridiculous.Am I really supposed to figure this our on my own ? I am almost angry enough to send it back .
 Ok so this was a christmas gift that was bought for me and I thought it was going to be awesome . I seen this in action on youtube and some other sites and from what I seen on there it looked like this was gon na be loads of fun for not a terribly expensive price . Boy was I wrong . First and formost I will start with the software that it came with . Being that I dont use alot of djing programs I just decided to use the software that it came with labeled Traktor LE . Well after I installed it and tried to run it I found out that its just a demo and I have to spend additional money to purchase the full version software . But O well went along with it and tried the demo . Before even messing with the controller I tried playing 2 songs from i tunes . It loaded them up fine and all the knobs and effects worked but 1 big issue it doesnt even play the music ? So then I tried with the controller plugged it in my usb port and compluter said found new hardware then said new hardware installed and ready to use but I looked down at it and no lights or anything were on then I switched the software in the midi option to the numark total control . It rebooted but same thing I was hitting all the buttons but no response like the controller wasnt even plugged in or something but when I unplugged it my computer made the sound when you unplug something like it was detecting it ? Looked in the box and comes with no instructions whatsoever and their support for it is horrible I asked numerous people and no one seems to have an answer so this crap is going back . I will try something else biggest let down so far
 This is not a review about the product -LRB- as i never recieved the ordered product to conduct one -RRB- , but about the customer service and the delivery process Amazon has in place -LRB- or is there any ?? -RRB- . I ordered the Numark Total controller along with Numark DJ I/O from India and I wanted my friend who was travelling to the US to take delivery of the items to bring them back to me in india . My friend was traveling to Omaha and San Francisco spread over a total period of 2 weeks . I placed the order in the presumption that he would be able to recieve the items at Omaha . The Numark DJ I/o got shipped while the Numar Total Ctlr never got shipped . After making 2 calls with Amazon I was told that the shipment would be re-routed to San Francisco where my friend was planning to be based out of during his 2nd week . Also i was told by Amazon that since I had undergone all the trouble I would be offered a next business day shipping and the product would be shipped by 20 Apr 09 , WHICH NEVER HAPPENED . All were plain lies . Again after speaking to 2 more representatives -LRB- 1 rep even DUMPing my call when I requested to be transferred to a Supervisor -RRB- , i was told that a refund would be processed and yet , no one was able to confirm where the package was . It was sad to note that there wasnt a single support associate who could understand my concern and do the needful . Finally the most surprising part was when the support associate plainly commented `` UPTO YOU '' , when I expressed my decision of refraining from further orders through Amazon .
 I use Ableton Live 7 on my PC to make music , and was ready to give djing a try . I was stoked to be able to get a `` complete dj '' setup for relatively cheap from Guitar Center . When I opened the box , the first thing I noticed was that it was missing the usb cable for the device ... so I had to use a spare midi controller cable.Next I installed Cue LE 5 . After entering the activation code and seeing the device being installed in windows -LRB- the hardware ready to use balloon on bottom right -RRB- I clicked on the Cue LE 5 icon and a message popped up stating
 I got this over a year ago in hope of being able to make my own mixes . I could never get it to work right . The audio would always play with a crackle or feedback sound coming out of the speakers . I configured my audio inputs and outputs several different ways and could not solve the problem . I then emailed Numark and NEVER got a response . Finally downloaded the 20 day trial version of the CUE software and worked just fine but now I have to spend $ 250 or more to by the software . Not worth it in my opinion escpecially since I have no aspirations of becoming a DJ .
 i knew i was giving it a shot and wasted money cause it suuuuuucks . cool idea though , just leave it alone .
 I recieved this item in December 0f 2008 . Within a year it was malfunctioning . Right cd player skips , shuts down , and dies without warning . This makes it completely unusable for live performance . According to the manual it is within warranty , but MARATHON equipment has not responded to my multiple e-mails , and they do not provide a phone number or address for support . Seems very shady to me.I was attracted to this player for the sleek look and low price , but I wo n't be buying a MARATHON machine again .
 The thing looks great , and the rubber does n't slip at all . Problem ? It broke * before * I even used it . Enough said .
 I had purchased two of these rests for my daughter - one for home and the other for the road . After five days of use - no more than 30 minutes of practice each day with a full size cello , one of them had broken . This product might be OK for occasional use with a fractional size cello , but if you are planning a lot of use with a full size instrument you might consider a more traditional end pin rest .
 Since I am the first person to give a review I want everyone to know that I am purely a newbie to the violin . Please be kind to me for I am quite ignorant . If anybody out there has any advice it would be mucho appreciated.I started playing 4 months ago and I started out with a loaner bow . I had to give the bow back so here I was trying to learn about bows while trying to reach decision to buy a bow . The budget gave out.When I took it out of the box I noticed that it wasnt very `` bowed '' . The stick was fairly straight . Unlike my loaner bow which was very bowed/concave when loosend . Immediately I noticed a difference in the sound and as I begain to play the stick vibrated . It vibrated to the point that I literally lost control and the bow flew from my hand.I was very disapointed . So I began my quest for information . I took the bow to a musician and he had the same problem . I rosined , played , then I wiped the rosin and started from scratch . I rosin then played increasing the amount but never got a decent sound . Scatchy , dull , lifeless sound along with the vibration of the stick that made it almost impossible to play celitic music without losing the bow.I adjusted the tension and only when the tension was soo much so that the stick bowed upward did it seem to `` die down '' and not vibrate or jump off the strings so bad . I had over an inch space between the strings and the stick . I was told that 1/4 in is sufficient enough for a good quality bow.I also read on the internet that when loosened , the strings should be uniform . I noticed that the strings hung differently . I took a credit card and ran it down the strings and they were crossed . I read that this is poor quality workmanship.They call this a student bow . I can not believe that any student could learn on this bow.I will tell you that I did not contact the vendor of this bow . I was told repeatedly by many people to purchase a pernambuca bow . So I did instead of trying to get an exchange . I suppose it could be a fluke and they actually produce an affordable product that someone can play . I learned from this and I am sharing what I learned . Save yourself the $ 20 and spend atleast $ 80 more dollars and get a pernambuca.I was so frustrated thinking that it was my technique . I realized 3 days ago when my new bow arrive , that it was not my technique .
 No one should be buying a $ 19 bow . How would you like to make a bow for $ 19 ? Not possible right ? You get what you pay for . And the best way to buy a bow is go to a legitimate dealer and play the bow !
 ONE OF THE SIX STRINGS BROKE WHEN I WAS INSTALLING THE SET SO IT RENDERED THE WHOLE SET USELESS . OTHER THAN THAT I GUESS THEY WERE OK IF YOU LIKE TO PLAY JUST 5 STRINGS.UNFORTUNATELY IT WAS THE STRING I USE TO PLAY THE `` ONE NOTE SAMBA '' ... ! I WILL NOT ORDER MARKLEY STRINGS AGAIN .
 We actually ordered this card a LONG time ago . Amazon says we received it . We did n't . But ... apparently if we ever did get , we would have enjoyed it . : - -RRB-
 The case and presentation is very nice , but the sound quality of these harmonicas is very weak . There is a poor joint between holes and top/bottom plates so lots of air is bypassed . They feel very light weight in your hands . Compared to a Honer Special 20 these seemed like they had half the volume . You get what you pay for .
 I received the Harmonicas and the best part about them was the case . They lacked sound volume and appear to be plastic reeds . I do not recommend this set to anyone who enjoys playing harmonicas .
 When I got home , I had it for about an hour and the C was broken
 Do these things go through any type of QC at the plant ? They play way out of tune , with dead holes , inconsistent playability up the scale . I 'm giving them away to cats that just wan na say they have a harmonica and would never recommend these harps to a serious player . And better cases can be had for less . I play mostly rock and blues at intermediate level using Hohners and Oskars .
 i was so thrilled to find an affordable harmonica set , yet unfortunately they were all out of tune . they do n't sound that bad , but they 're useless to me since i ca n't play them with my guitar .
 In general I like the other Chrometta harmonicas I have owned -LRB- the 8 hole model 250 and the 12 hole model 255 -RRB- but the layout of this harmonica is odd . On most harmonicas -LRB- including other 10 hole chromatics I have had -RRB- the first note on the harmonica is the root note of the key of the harmonica . So , for example , if the instrument is in the key of C the first hole blow note is a C.On this instrument the first hole starts in the middle of the scale -LRB- G -RRB- . This can be a problem for players like myself who are use to the conventional layout of the instrument .
 I am a beginning harmonica player , though I have more experience with fiddle and guitar . I been learning on my diatonic for a few months and was missing the ability to play flats and sharps so freely as I do with stringed instruments , I decided to try a chromatic.This harmonica has trouble playing clear notes on the high and low end - and sometimes in the middle . They sound wobbly and are hard to produce at all regardless of air flow . It does not play a complete chromatic scale.This was not quite what I was expecting . I feel like it would be worth it to go for a higher end Hohner 64 model .
 This guitar stand is very budget and it shows . Beware it does not fit acoustic guitars or Fender P or J style basses -LRB- which is what I bought it for -RRB- . It does fit my Strat but the quality of the rubber is horrible in that it STINKS and I do not trust the ` industrial ' compound up against my guitar finish.Next time I will pay a little extra and get something that will work .
 Being a band director , I have unfortunately seen a few of the Conductor brand trumpets coming into my classroom . I 'm always bothered when I see one because I know what 's in store . Within a couple of days the valves will start sticking uncontrollably , the `` pearls '' will fall out of the valve caps , the spit valve will lose its `` cork , '' not close properly , or just fall off ... And of course the silver is not silver.Please do n't buy this . Go on Craigslist and find a used one for $ 200 bucks by a decent brand like Bach , Yamaha , King , Getzen , Holton , Conn , etc. .
 We received the product on-time , however the oil container had leaked inside the Trumpet box , and it smelled real bad . We had to leave the box in the sunshine for almost a week , and still it smells bad.As for the trumpet itself , after a few lessons at school , one of the keys keeps getting stuck , and has to be manually pulled out to the normal position .
 I bought this folder to check out for possible use in 2 choirs I work with . The folder is well made but poorly designed . It 's fine for carrying music around , but very clumsy as a performance folder . The worst problem is that there 's no way to secure music while singing -- no binder rings , clips , or elastic bands . There are 2 large pockets , but the bulky flaps keep music from lying flat while you 're reading it from the folder . The folder is large , maybe too large for people with small hands who need one hand to hold the music in the folder.On the plus side , the customer service from Musician 's Friend was outstanding . The package was shipped securely and arrived quickly . The company was very responsive to my issues with the design and offered a prompt refund . I would definitely buy other products from this company .
 This is one of the best sounding strings on the market.The problem is , with 5 sets , the high `` e '' string broke when tuning.The string does not brake , it uncoils at the ball end , really strange.This happened with 4 sets when tuning , and with 1 set after a while playing .
 Have you ever bought defective guitar strings ? I know huh ? How often does that happen ? Never before for me . I bought three sets of these from ---------------- and I put the first set on and noticed black spots on some of the strings but I just did n't pay attention . When I did slides or string bends I got tiny metal splinters . Yet I did n't consider I might have defective strings.Not until I put on a new set and noticed the black spots . Also the envelopes had some sort of residue . The plastic inner bag which vac packed the bundle of enveloped strings was intact . I still ca n't believe it.Except for the splinters in my fingers I would have liked the gauge of the strings , the fact that they give you two G - one plain and one wound , was a quality move . I simply do n't believe Dean Markley put these out . They must have corroded at ----------------- . I emailed -------------------- and they corresponded with me through many emails during which time I proved I bought from them and they even agreed that the photo I took of the new , just unwrapped unwound string set was oxidized but they then stopped correspondence with me with no restitution made.I emailed Dean Markley corporate from their website with all the details but there was no response . Do you enjoy getting defective merchandise which you ca n't possibly use , and everyone shuts up ?
 I want to be fair , overall I think the sounds on this unit are very good . But I wanted a drum machine that was not confusing to program songs on for someone that liked playing and not programming things all day . I play guitar , drums , bass and I sing and do them all proficiently . But I felt that I would rather program a drum machine instead of ordering a whole drumset to play on my recordings . I did online searches of reviews to seek out a simple drum machine that had the ability to program songs . The Zoom was the one most people touted as easier to understand . Maybe so , maybe more than the Roland or Alesis ... but it still it too time consuming for anyone who wants to just play and get to recording . I do n't want to sit in menus all day , it kills the creative juices immediately . So I sent it back and ordered a Yamaha electronic drumset which suits me much better . This unit will be great for someone who wants to sit and learn a whole other piece of equipment ... but if you want to get to playing and not programming , this is not it .
 First battery stuck in unit when trying to replace batteries ; had to really bank machine to get it out . Also , did not feel &#34; sturdy &#34; or &#34; rugged &#34; . I always thought I was going to break unit when replacing batteries . Also it was a very tedious process when creating &#34; songs &#34; with only a tiny LED screen and the manual is too brief and poorly organized .
 Two issues :1 . No handle on the carrying case - I can not believe someone actually designed this ! How would a kid carry this around ? 2 . My daughter also complained that the high notes were much harder to produce compared to the more expensive rental flute she used for 2 years - we switched to the Signature Music 2810N Closed 16-hole Flute -LRB- it HAS the handle on the carrying case -RRB- . Now she is happy -LRB- at least for now -RRB-
 I really wish I would have just gone to a local music store and bought a decent flute . We have been playing on this for 4 months , and it is in for its second repair . The corks come off , a pad was missing , the pieces stick together and you can not separate them . I am at $ 100 in repairs so far .
 After a few weeks of band practice my daughter was still having a hard time getting a good sound out of this flute . Then it needed what seemed like a small repair , one of the keys was n't coming back up the way it should , so I asked the music repair guy at my daughter 's school to do the repair , and he told me the case is worth more than the flute itself and that she would probably get so frustrated trying to learn to play on this instrument that she would end up giving up . According to him a `` good '' -LRB- not top of the line -RRB- flute would cost between $ 750 and $ 950 , but luckily most of these places sell used ones for between $ 350 and $ 450 , so I guess the lesson here is that you get what you pay for ! which in this case was a total waste of money .
 I just wanted to say that the only way to buy a new instrument if you are not an expert , is to research thoroughly the matter . I have been playing the flute for over 40 years and the following website , -LRB- not mine -RRB- is one of the most helpful , down to earth , with thorough information I have seen yet . -LRB- I am always on the lookout for a good flute ! -RRB- So check this site out -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Here is the email I received from my kid 's school teacher . I have taken out the names to maintain their anonymity : Hi folks , XXX 's flute needs to be repaired or replaced . It is a very poor quality instrument , so I am not sure if its worth repairing . Both Mr. XX and I tested it and it is not in working order . This makes learn the flute virutually impossible.My recommendation would be to purchase a quality flute . Mr. XX can advice you on good brands and models , but I usually recommend the Gemeinhardt 2SP . -LSB- ... -RSB- Please let me know if you have any questions.Regards ,
 I 'd read the reviews from several sites before making this purchase and knew I was taking a chance . The existing reviews ranged from , '' ... never buying anything else from Dean . '' through , `` never been more happier . '' My own experience was that I was disappointed.When the instrument arrived , there were no instructions for setting it up . Since I 'd already read reviews and have been working with stringed instruments for a while , this was n't a big issue other than as an indicator of sloppy work.The bridge , which needed to be positioned on the drum head , looked terrible . There were supposed to be notches for the strings , but it looked like whoever did the work , used a small hand axe and chipped away at the top of the bridge trying to make those grooves . You could barely see where the grooves should be and they definitely did not hold the strings in position when I started tightening things down.And one last thing I 'd noticed on first inspection was that the cover to the neck tightening nut was very scratched up.I called the customer service folks at Dean and the reviews about their customer service being very good were substantiated . I was offered replacements for the bridge and nut cover , along with a faxed copy of the setup instructions coupled with sincere apologies for the shoddy work.In any case , when I got the instrument home , I started doing the initial setup . One important step was to do an initial tightening of the drum skin tension . To do this , you need to remove the resonator to gain access to the tightening nuts . When I removed the resonator , two of the mounting blocks that were glued to the resonator body just fell off . A third was barely hanging by its staple . The fourth was solid . The problem seemed to be that either the glue used to secure the blocks did n't get sufficient penatration or the wood itself was just too soft to support the loads.Also , I had to adjust the neck tension since there was a significant bow to the neck . When I tried to remove the cover to the tightening nut , the screws were already stripped from the wood.I 've talked to several Dean owners -LRB- different instruments -RRB- and Dean quality is generally quite good . This was not the case for this instrument . If there are people happy with their 6-string banjos , good for them . But something happened to the quality control between then and now . I sent emails to Dean describing the problems and hopefully some executive will be sent to China , where these things are assembled , and kick some butt because what they 're putting out now just ai n't working .
 Be advised when buying instruments
 These are pretty cheaply made , although they are also pretty cheaply sold . The steel is fairly heavy , at least , but the threading for the clamping rod is sloppy and not particularly secure . I do n't like how they work and have been happier with other solutions .
 This American DJ -LRB- B0006ZXF2Y -RRB- mirror ball motor is advertised as `` heavy duty 1 RPM '' . It is neither . It is made in China , has a plastic housing and is 2 RPM with or without a ball hanging on it . It is important to me to use a slow motor so the lights on the floor going around dont make you dizzy . I am returning this one .
 Although this is a good choice for those who use turntables , there are actually no USB inputs on this mixer , even though it is advertised as such . Please be aware of this when purchasing this item .
 I expected the Fender style headstock according to the photos , but received the square sawed off look instead . Here 's to hoping my son can bare to look at it .
 I do n't know if its all of them or just mine . But my guitar blows . The tuners are harder than hell to turn . The strings keep hitting other frets so they buzz a lot and I have them as high as they 'll go and they wont tune for crap . I have them tuned the best it will and it still sounds horrible and out of tune . And worst of all , IT DOESNT EVEN FREAKING WORK !! I put it together exactly how I was told to step by step . Everything was done perfectly exept for my amature paint job . But however it was fun to build and id love to do it again . Id like to buy another one in hopes that it works . Since there 's no contact seller so I ca n't get another one for free . Cause I definitely ca n't return it with a yellow burst paint job . So amazon if you read this , Id like another one on you since mines just a hunk of wood now .
 It should be very simple . Every other product of this nature is . However , the predrilled holes are not big enough , and worse , they are in the wrong places . Brilliant . I had to part assemble , then go find a small enough drill bit , predrill , then , reassemble . NOT recommended , spend the $ 20 extra and go with another brand . I will never order anything from Raxxess again .
 The piccolo is said to have 22k gold in the design , so I was expecting something really nice to look at , at least . There was absolutely NO 22k gold in the design anywhere and the design itself was something you would think to see on a child 's toy . . Which is more what this piccolo looks like . It is not attractive in any way , so I returned it immediately . Along with that , `` I played the flute for 4 years '' , this instrument was not comfortable to hold and try to play . It should have been a plastic toy , that is what it looks like and feels like in your hands . If it had not have been glass , I would have given it to a neighbors child .
 this was bought because i thought it would be nice to play at the renaissance festival . it now sits in its box doing nothing because i was told i couldnt return it . it doesnt even play right . you can barely get a sound out of it and i am a professional Flutist/piccolistfor the price you pay its rediculous .
 Received this guitar stand and soon as I took it out of the box I knew it was going back . The cheap foam used for cushion support for the back of of the guitar fell off -LRB- double sided tape -RRB- . Also the stand appeared to be used . The foam used to support the bottom of the guitars had deep marks -LRB- almost to the metal -RRB- where other guitars had rested on before.Amazon was very good on the return of the item.Would not recommend so I gave it NO STARS -LRB- even though I had to give at least one star to post -RRB- .
 Background , I play classical music , viola , and have been professional for 35 years . I 've been through quite a few tuners in that time . I use a tuner regularly as I practice.I suppose it is possible that I got a slightly defective unit , but it acts like just a poor tuner . I clipped it to my scroll , it 's bigger than I had expected and would seem huge on a violin . It usually takes 3-4 seconds to figure out what note I 'm playing and dances around with the pitch lights for longer before it -LRB- usually -RRB- settles on one . Several times though it never figured out even an open string , especially the D. Yesterday I saw that I could NEVER use this while practicing , so today I decided to just tune all my strings with it , and finally gave up in frustration . And this thing is expensive too . I hope they will take it back.I recommend getting aKorg CA-40 Chromatic Tunerwith the Korg CM-100 Tuner Clipfor less money -LRB- I did reviews on those too -RRB- and you 'll have a truly fine tuner setup .
 This tuner is an unrealistic choice for professionals.In real gig / dark invirons , this tuner is hard to see which is a deal breaker for me . Also , changing the battery requires that you first unscrew one of the 3 mini screws on the back of the unit - another deal breaker as this takes an unrealistic amount of time and requires a specialized tool .
 I did n't order it because their was no list of the contents . It would be a good idea to show if it contains sonatas , arias or concertos .
 In the description of this Remo Riq was written , that it would be a tunable Riq . That was the reason I ordered it . But when I got it -LRB- I live in Germany , so it was quite complicated to order it -RRB- it was an untunable instrument . So I 'm really disappointed !!!!
 I returned this product because it was broken and misrepresented . A new item would be just fine ... I bought a replacement
 So I opened it , installed a TRS jack , wired it accordingly to my amp needs and got it to work .
 No compren esto , en menos de un a & ntilde ; o dejo de funcionar.MUY mal producto . Y he leido en varios foros que a otra gente le ha pasado lo mismo .
 While the device itself shows some potential , you will probably feel burned by the included software and overall nature of this purchase . I can not recommend buying this product unless you are prepared to shell out additional monies for hidden expenses such as plug-ins and non-demo versions of applications . Unfortunately these additional purchases merely bring the product to a basic competitive level instead of offering anything special . I find this form of product marketing and packaging to be the ultimate in customer betrayal . I did n't get what I thought I was buying.Upon opening the deceptive box and installing it I immediately felt `` burned '' . You are basically being sold a `` broken '' piece of hardware that needs to be `` enabled '' and the installer itself attempts to lure you to a web site to buy more software.Out of the box you can expect to plug in an instrument or mic , dial a tone , and commit a performance as a recording . That 's basically it ! But let 's say you want to play with Line 6 's famous Pro Tones after you record ? Get out another $ 100 for an additional `` plug-in '' purchase . Clearly this type of functionality is the beautiful advantage of the computer platform , and while this device is technically capable of doing this , it wo n't unless you pay more to `` un-break '' the device.So . . out of box , if you are not satisfied with your take you must erase it and start over
 I really wanted to give this product 4 + stars . Unfortunately that is just impossible with its major drawbacks . As previously mentioned , the software included is horrendous . I had my Toneport UX2 for a full year , purchased it last Christmas . It worked excellently , providing no hassle other than the terrible software . However on December 27th , 2008 , a year and 2 days after i bought it , it decided not work . When i plug it in it is not detected , and neither of the two gauges light up . I tried all of the recommended ` solutions ' as stated by the Line 6 website . Nothing worked and now im left with a big black and red paper weight . Dealing with the software was manageable due to the well performance of the product , however since it just randomly decided not to work at all , this product can not be rated any higher than a single star .
 UPDATE.I 'm changing this review to 2 stars : The USB plug on this device no longer works and is the sole source of power for the product . My computer says `` USB Device Not Recognized '' . No lights , no power . This is the perfect reason to return this product to the store I bought it from.This product had me drooling for weeks , is packaged with DEMO software , and led to extreme disappointment . The Toneport UX2 is like turning your personal computer into a musical candy shop via the Gearbox software ... or so we would hope . Seriously , I ca n't chose virtually any major band/artist because the Guitarport Online and Tone Library do n't work anymore . This product is outdated already and I bought it about 5 months ago . Musician 's Friend no longer sells these . Wonder why?Comes with a tuner and metronome , which are both useful . I hooked my electric guitar up to this Toneport along with a vocal microphone and have the output going to my Fender FM 65R amp . The tones are great when the device works . Be prepared to spend EXTRA money to buy subscriptions to get it to work.The Gearbox software that is included is outdated too . They use new software Pod Farm 1.00 , which means expect more bugs . Another huge reason this product did not score higher from me is because of the packaged recording software . Toneport UX2 comes with a Live Lite 5 Line 6 Edition recording that only allows a `` demo '' that does not let you save your work . The upgrade to a full version of the Live 5 recording software is about $ 300 + . A f**king ripoff!Overall , this is a faulty product and I ca n't recommend it to anyone . I was unaware that the Lite version recording software was so powerful yet unable to import or save work . If you buy this , be prepared to spend hours on the Line 6 help forums . You may also have to shell out hundreds of additional dollars to even record with this device . Buyer beware . : - -LRB- I hate my Toneport UX2 now that it crapped out and will disappointingly return it to the store . I wasted so much time and money on this thing that I may never buy or recommend another Line 6 product .
 I have a DR-770 and before it interited a DR-550 . Excellent sounds but designed by blithering idiots who have obviously never used one to play with a guitar in a live gig environment . The foot pedal capabilities is extremely limited inasmuch as you can move from main to supplementary pattern - but not back again via the footswitch . -LRB- You can do it via the buttons on the front - but hey design-dumbos , you need both hands for a guitar ! -RRB- Also when the second footswitch button is used to STOP the pattern play using it to re-start brings you in at the same point in the pattern you stopped at -LRB- could be beat 2 -RRB- Who would ever ant to start on the second beat ? Why oh why not re-start at the beginning of the patern like real professional drum machines ? Once again , a wonderful sounding bit of kit with non-vol memory and good sounds badly let down by some complete lack of understanding of the needs of those who use it - i.e. people like me - the customer ! -LRB- Did Boss recruit their engineers from British Leyland ? Just a thought ! -RRB-
 The originaldescription said it had light wear from use and was missing some strings . Wjen i open the package not only was it not the original body but the screws holding the neck in were ripped out they stamped the word used into the back of it and there was no bridge . If it wasnt for the awesome customer service who helped alot with the return this would have been zero stars
 Went to local place to check out hands-on . I was not impressed at all . The thing just felt cheap . I could not imagine playing it for long . It was not fun to hold and parts looked cheesy .
 It arrived with a broken screw that attaches the neck to the body . Which is also the same screw that the strap hooks on to . Not to mention the pick guard has air bubbles in it .
 I guess this is an okay guitar if you 're a beginner , but I would recommend a much better one around the same price range , such as the $ 200 to $ 300 Schecter Omen-6 . First of all , the guitar input jack ALWAYS falls off . The loose input jack makes a very static-y noise . Also , after owning this guitar after 2 months , the tuner head for the low E string falls off so the E string is too loose to be played , and the switch does not work . Be very careful with this guitar because it 's easily damaged , and it 's prone to fret buzzing . The finish is nice and sound is okay , but reliablity and action are n't so great.I would n't recommend this guitar because after a couple months you 'll need to replace it . If you look around Amazon hard enough , you can find great deals for much better guitars . I found a $ 1000 retail guitar for only $ 300 .
 Guitar is gorgeous , Sounds greatish `` now '' but had some issues when I I tried to start learn/playing it -LRB- did not sound right and I was finding it hard to play -RRB- , I bought this to learn guitar on so I took it to a friend who plays and had him look at it and see what he thought ... his words on what was wrong `` a complete maniac set this thing up omg '' he put a straight edge on the neck and it had approx . 1/32 bow , the action of the bridge was set up at an angle that put the low e string about 10/64 above 12th fret and the high e string was darned near touching , soo he adjusted the truss rod and bridge and in his words got it setup close enough for me to start doing excersizes on but will need to be taken in and be professionally setup because he has some suspicions about the nut and and first fret and he did not have the tools nor the know how to mess with those , so I am looking at another 50 bucks or more to put this guitar in proper order and am not very happy about it .
 I was disappointed with this guitar for the fallowing reasons.BUZZING STRINGS , CHEAP TUNING MACHINES , and GLUE COMING UNDONE.I only owned this guitar for about 3 months before I returnedit for a better quality guitar for about the same money RE
 I just bought that wonderfull program full of expectations after I saw a video demo on the internet + as a fan of Meshuggah , I really wanted to play with Tomas Haake 's drums so I paid 80 + bucks +20 for european delivery and what do I get ? A sleeping program I just ca n't use.The authorisation pattern is so complex for nothing , I only got one out of the 2 authorization codes needed so I ca n't use it and now what ? Toontrack 's customer support REALLY is total junk as the only help I had was an email sayin `` go on this website , make an account , pay a couple bucks and they 'll help you '' yay great buddies , thanks a lot ! Now I payed it and took some time to install it , I got ta find a way to make it work but guess what , I wo n't pay 80bucks again to have the serials if you see what I mean and ho yeah , I 'll NEVER buy a toontrack product again .
