 Having owned two previous G-Shocks in my life -LRB- including the first series in 1984 -RRB- , I 've long appreciated their quality . The main reason I stopped wearing them was simply because the resin straps would break , and having worn them for 4 years I grew weary of them . However , having burned through many fashion watches in the last 10 years I 've been disappointed to spend $ $ $ only to get 1 or 2 years ' worth of usage . So I 'm back to G-Shock . I think this model -LRB- G1710D-7AV -RRB- represents a nice blend between good looks and practical durability ... which most guys really want . The face is smaller on my wrist than I expected from a G-Shock , but I think it 's still classy for the office . The side buttons are hidden in gray plastic -LRB- which you ca n't see in picture -RRB- , but the rest of the watch is metal . You might find a classier analog-face G-Shock in the $ 200 - $ 300 , but this one is a better value ! The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is because the LED is n't backlight . It 's an amber light that comes around the inside bevel . So the LED helps you read the dial hands , but not the LCD screens . Nonetheless , it 's still a cool light color . PS - the bottom LCD screen is n't blue as pictured , but it 's still a different color than the top LCD which adds further distinction to the watch .
 Thats a good watch , light , comfortable , accurate and very eyecatch , I ve got another GShock , I have wear it for eight years , I have to replace the band and the rubber shock cover one year ago because it was deteriorated , now it looks brand new again , with this stainless steel model I dont have to worry about that any more , I will not give it five stars because it has plastic and rubber parts in the case , but I recomend it , this is the better price I could find
 I am ready to purchase this beautiful watch but I am confused whether is solar or not ? Any help , please ?
 2005 Latest model from Seiko Model SKXA53K2 . Professional diver 's watch stainless steel case with Oyster bracelet from Seiko Japan . A very Good water resistance of up to 200 meters . It also comes with unidirectional rotating bezel . Stainless steel back with wave logo . Very Good value for the money .
 Here are a few observations on one of my favorite watches : - Unlike some Japanese automatics , you ca n't wind the movement using the stem . - The bezel is about 40mm across -LRB- typical diver size -RRB- , though the case is a couple of mm 's wider . - The dial is very easy to read , with superior hour marker and hand lumninosity . - There 's no exhibition case back on this model .
 I love this watch and get compliments on it all the time . I am an RN and have looked for years for a watch that performs all that this one does . Analog face , digital 24 hr clock , and many other features that I will never use . The best feature for me is the count down timer . I knocked off points because 1 . there is n't a second hand , the seconds are digital display . 2 . I 'm concerned about the band because it is getting dirty and reg . soap does n't clean it . The silver ring around the face really shows it off . Sits high and is a serious sports watch but I 'm wearing it at the hospital .
 First off let me say that the band is n't as dark in real life as it is in the picture that I saw on Amazon . It 's like a cotton candy pink . And yes , it stands a little tall on your wrist and can seem a little bulky if you 're not used to a sports watch . But it looks so cute ! It 's a perfect hybrid of sport utility and pretty/girly . This is my second G shock and my first one is still going , after 20 years , so I know these watches last for a long time . My husband is jealous at how good this watch looks and wants a masculine one for himself . Highly recommend this watch for looks and durability.I like everything about this watch !
 I bought this watch for my wife and she loves it . I am very pleased with this purchase . The watch looks bulky but cute , it definitely looks better on the wrist that in the photo.I highly recommend it .
 Before I go on , I must explain the 4-star rating , instead of a 5-star rating . I have a small wrist , and this is indeed a tall , wide watch . I am aware of it when I 'm wearing a coat/jacket , and it does occasionally literally rub me the wrong way . -LRB- OK , one other thing is that while it does indeed tell you what time it is in a zillion other time zones , one does have to know some pretty obscure city codes for some pretty un-obscure places . -RRB- Having said that , I really like all its other features . I 've had a few multi-function digital watches , and this is by far the most logical and easy to use . It has a logic that I quickly remembered , and I have n't had to refer back to the owner 's manual for a refresher , and I use most of the features regularly . -LRB- A contrast would be that with other similar watches I 'll make an effort to figure out which combination of buttons to push for how long to achieve a certain result , and it never sticks and I eventually lose the manual , and end up using the watch for the time function alone ... -RRB- I confess that I thought the analog-digital combination was more of a novelty/looks thing - which did appeal to me - but it has its usefulness as well ; one can be timing something , for example , and still easily see both the chronological time and the elapsed time .
 I bought this for my daughter and she is really happy . Actually my wife is a little jealous , she wants one too.The watch is nice and looks great and like all the G-Shocks it 's very dependable.I strongly recommend this one . You ca n't beat this watch for that price .
 This is the second man 's Mickey Mouse watch I have purchased . This one is by far the better watch . I paid less than the MSRP but it is worth every penny . It is easy to read , keeps perfect time , and brings many comments from people . Since I work with kids , it makes an interesting conversion piece . The band is well made but is too small for my wrist . I had to have a jewelry store add some links . Even the jewelry store was impressed with the watch .
 I purchased this watch for my son-in-law for his college graduation . It is a beautiful watch and will serve him well for his new career . Nice crystal , band and dial .
 Bought this Disney Mickey Mouse Men 's Watch for a special someone 's birthday . He loves it and wears it all the time . Nice , good quality watch . Very pleased with my purchase . Price was n't bad either .
 This is a fabulous watch . Easy to read , lots of fun and a real talking point . Just love it .
 I purchased a Momentum M1 diver 's watch for my wife 3 years ago . She wears it daily . It has kept perfect time for 3 years and still looks as new as the day it came out of the box . I have had 3 watches in the past 5 years , they were all meeting the same fate - death by swimming pool despite the ` waterproof ' claims . After my most recent watch death , I 'd had enough . I purchased this watch based on my experience with my wife 's Momentum . This was done despite the fact that I was n't thrilled with the look of the watch from the internet pictures . I just did n't think the looks were that great . In person this watch looks MUCH better . It is a VERY cool looking watch . It is the PERFECT size for my wrist . Neither too big or too small . It is built like a tank . Did they cut this thing out of a block of stainless steel ? Despite the solid nature it is not too heavy , although it is heavier than the average watch . It is not annoyingly heavy , I do n't mind it at all . This watch has a reported 10 year battery , which is important . Every time you replace the battery , if the watch is n't sealed properly it will lose it 's ` waterpoofness ' . Better to not HAVE to replace the battery at all . It comes in three face color options -LRB- Blue , Black , or this one - ` Silver ' -RRB- with 5 band choices . It has a screw down crown and will dive deeper safely than I can . It has a sapphire crystal that should be kept away from diamonds to avoid scratching , but nothing else should . I suspect this watch may outlive me . It is that tough .
 I 'm very happy with my watch , I love it . I 've gotten many complements on it , as well . I 've also been to a few watch stores and I saved a BUNDLE ordering through Amazon . I would definitely order through you again.I love it !
 This watch is a beautiful one . But I am one who is used to watches having just a bit of heft . This bracelet watch LITERALLY feels like a bracelet . There is no `` heft '' to the watch . If you like that , by all means , buy it . If you do n't , you might want to consider something more substantial . I love the watch , and will not return it , but the `` lightness '' takes some getting used to .
 My wife loves it . Got it for her as a gift . She says co-workers compliment her on it . I like the eco-drive technology from citizen , its cool that you dont have to ever worry about a battery . As for keeping time . . this is dead on , just like my Eco-drive .
 This is a beautiful citizen eco drive watch . I am always getting compliments on how nice and shiny it looks . When I first received the watch I had to charge it in the light for about 2-5 minutes for an initial charge and it worked like a charm . The next day I went to work and left it where it would get plenty of sun so the battery could get a full charge . I 've had this watch for about a month and so far its been working great ! If you are tired of buying watch batteries get a citizen eco drive . Amazon saved me a tonnnnnnnn of money because I have seen these watches in the department stores selling for $ 300-500 . Amazon does fast shipping and the watch came in a beautiful green case with green velvet on the inside . By the way when you first get the watch make sure to expose it to light for about 2-5 minutes if it is n't working right out of the box . two to five minute charge should last 4-6 hours and a full charge should last 200-250 days .
 Purchased this watch to wear to a semi-formal party to coordinate with my white gold and diamond accessories . Perfect blend . I love all of the Eco-Drive watches becauses they recharge . I normally wear an 8 inch bracelet and this watch was a perfect fit . I would have preferred a wider watch , but this gives a very dainty look , especially nice for semi-formal wear . Great Price ! Arrived on time .
 It is difficult to find jewelery for my wife . She is petite and very few things come in her size . I could write a book on how hard a time I had getting the right engagement ring and then eventual wedding band . This watch is the perfect fit for my wife . The band came much larger than her wrist , but it easily adjusted to fit just right , and it looks great after the adjustment . Usually when something is adjusted it ends up looking goofy or out of place . This watch looks great on her wrist , and being that it is an eco-drive , she never needs to get rid of it because the battery died -LRB- the other problem I have with buying my wife watches -RRB- . Overall I am very pleased with the watch .
 U cant get such a watch at much cheaper price . Its a nice watch from citizen with eco-drive technology , that means u need not to worry about running out of batteries . Moreover it is vry lite in weight . Though i hav purchased this watch for gifting it to someone but m sure that she will like it for sure -LRB- & y not the watch comes with the girl 's best friend - Diamonds -RRB- . In short , its a nice bracelet with a watch attached to it : -RRB-
 The watch is nice and cute , i love it . but the shipping fee is a little higher . It cost me 11 bucks ~ ~
 I have been looking for a new dress watch for a month . -LRB- I am kind of a fussy person -RRB- . I saw this watch and read the reviews . It made me considered about buying it . I decided to buy this one . I 've got it today . I thought of two words on my mind . -LRB- everytime when I bought stuff online -RRB- `` Satisfied '' or `` Disappointed '' . After I opened the package . I smiled all day long.Nice watch !!! Good price . ! A few things want to mention you all , The watch is a little bit smaller than I expected -LRB- But it 's not a promblem because my wrist it 's so small -LRB- 6 '' -RRB- . it fits me perfectly -RRB- Do n't be panic about the watch does n't work at the first time . You have to let it charges for a while . -LRB- Good function , though ! you do n't need to worry about changing baterries -RRB- I love the lobster claw-clasp because I can adjust it myself . -LRB- I always got a problem about paying extra for adjusting the band -RRB- Well . . I 'd recommend this watch to anybody . Buy for yourself or as a gift . You will be happy anyway.Love it !!
 It 's a nice looking watch , Normally I check watches in any store to get the look and feel before ordering online , This was n't available in any store , I still ordered it and it looks moer beautiful than it 's in the picture.But 1 thing is Citizen has stopped manfacturing this particular model .
 I have given this brand of Citizen 's Eco drive watch as a gift more than once and paid the big price for it ... I decided to buy this one and guess what ? I could NOT give it away ... If you like a watch that you can wear loosely if you like , like a bracelet , it is FABULOUS ... I wear other silver bracelets with it to compliment it even more ... and let 's not forget that you NEVER EVER have to worry about the watch battery dying ... I set it underneath a table lamp lighting overnight and it was good to go ... I am planning on purchasing at least one more for a Christmas gift ... this is a great gift ... for graduation ... anniversary ... anything and the watch is WORTH the regular pricing ... the fact that it is such a bargain ... well ... GET ONE WHILE THEY LAST !
 I bought this watch because it is solar powered . Some thing I can do for the environment . Having said that , this watch can sure do with some good bracelet . The one it has somehow seems frivolous .
 I have a tendency to burn out watch batteries , so this watch is perfect for me . No more replacing batteries every 3 to 6 months . Plus as a woman with a larger wrist I have a terrible time finding a feminine looking watch that fits me . This one I have plenty of room and it looks great .
 I gave this watch to my mother on her birthday . I must say that it as a beautiful watch , even my mother said so . I would like to that this watch can easily get scratches so be careful . And the band is difficult to put unless helped by others but this band makes up for the beauty of the watch.The watch looks a lot beautiful in real than in the given picture . And to get this kind of an advanced watch for $ 64 is a deal .
 The watch is cute and I like the bracelet so I can adjust any size to fit my wrist . It take 4-5 hours to move after I put it under the bulb lights . Amazing ! I hate change my watch battery every year from my old one . Now I do n't need worry about it . the only drawback is the surface is easy to scrach , I only wear it for three weeks and the got lot of scrach on it . Which makes it not as elegant as before .
 This watch was a gift to my wife and she loved it . At first we did not know how to get it going since it is an eco-drive but after leaving it in sunlight for a day it started working and has n't stopped since.I would highly recommend this product .
 My daughter was really pleased with the charm bracelet watch and it has worked fine since charged up .
 This watch is beautiful . It wears like a bracelet . My husband got it for me for Christmas . I was skeptical of the eco drive feature , but as soon as I took the watch out of the box , I set the time , and it has kept the time to the second ever since . The scratch free face is a wonderful feature as well . No worries with this watch , just one satisfied customer !
 This is a very beautiful watch . I priced in the stores $ 295.00 plus tax . Great buy on here . I bought this watch for my self for Valentines Day .
 The M50 DSS is a beautiful watch with 1650 feet of water resistance , a sapphire crystal and 315L stainless steel material at an incredible price -LRB- it can be found for less than $ 320 at some divers ' stores -RRB- . Although solid and heavy it is still a very feminine watch . My wife is thrilled with it .
 I am a nurse who times many activities in my job and wanted a rotating bezel because I did n't want to get into multiple dials and buttons . It 's a little bigger than I thought it would be , but I can see the face EASILY in the dark .
 Everything you could want in a waterproof watch . It 's heavier than expected , but I suppose that has to do with the durability and waterproof requirements.The rotating bezel is quite handy . The glow in the dark hands and numbers are nice . I was afraid the time would be hard to read given the low contrast face , hands and numbers . Not so ! Very easy to read . The seller was efficient and delivered as promised .
 Everything was thought of luminescent dial large enough numbers and a good looking watch at a reasonable price extremely functional
 I have been looking for this type of watch for a long time . It is a bit heavy when you hold it in your hand but it does n't look bulky when I wear it . A good buy !
 I bought this watch for my wife several -LRB- 4 + -RRB- years ago and it has functioned like a champ . She has dress watches for going out , but this is her everyday watch and it is always on her wrist . It looks brand new years later . I was so impressed , I bought the man 's version for myself . That has been a great watch as well . You can read my review of that watch here if you choose ... Momentum Men 's 1M-DV50S1 M50 DSS Silver Dial Black Rubber Dive Watch
 I have been looking for a waterproof watch for years but have not found any untill now . There are such watches on the market but too large for a woman.This Momentum M50 DSS available in a smaller size is perfect . Fits nicelly on my arm . A beautiful piece of highest quality . I am looking forward to wearing it dayly in office as well as diving in the sea . In fact it fits also nicelly to an eveneing dress . For service I have to send my watch toa service-center i Germany or Britain , because I live in Sweden , but that is not a big thing . I am very quality-minded , wants things to be perfect . This Momentum watch , women 's size , is the right one for any girl or woman who is sailing or diving or just lives near the ocean !
 Do n't know why , but there are a few Canadian watch makers out there that are putting out GREAT watches . St Moritz is no exception . The specs on this watch really jump out at you
 After struggling to spend several hundred dollars on a watch , and looking at everything I could see everywhere ... I splurged and got the Momentum MDV51UO M50 DSS Blue Dial Steel Bracelet Watch . This watch is fantastic ! Its looks are superb and classy , while having a nice little bit of sport/zing . The blue color is gorgeous and is truly ` under-displayed ' in the photo on the website . The weight feels like a rich bracelet , and it falls correctly on my wrist , even without a little tweak on the sizing . I was able to alter the time to my timezone -LRB- it was right on the time , just off on the hour as it came from EST -RRB- , and it was simple to adjust the date . It 's done well in the shower and has kept its time precisely . Will test out its deeper water abilities next month and will update you all on how well it does . I 'm expecting nothing short of satisfaction , as that 's been the case since this little beauty arrived on my doorstep . Thanks Amazon for great service !!! Momentum Women 's 1M-DV51U0 M50 DSS Blue Dial Steel Bracelet Watch
 The St Moritz / Momentum watches are great watches for the price . For a true dive watch I think these are the best deals you can get . They are a quality dependable watch at a fair price.This is my third St Moritz/Momentum watch -LRB- and second storm -RRB- ... the last two were stolen . I would buy one again.The only problems I have had with their watches are with the rubber straps ... . they get a brittle and break much in much less than a year , but the stainless straps will last forever .
 I love the look of this watch -- it 's exactly the look in an analog-digital that I wanted . -LRB- And I looked at hundreds of watches before settling on this one . -RRB- When I travel , the different cities around the bezel are more than just decorations . I have n't used the timing ring yet -LRB- had the watch a couple months now -RRB- , but it 's functional too . Drawbacks
 Indeed a great surprise to have this watch at the marked cost.It coped all my expectations
 This is the second watch I have bought that is the same style but different color . The watch itself is wonderful ! The only problem I see is that the color stated Sky Blue and when the watch came to my door , its more turqouise not sky blue at all ? Which was fine because it was a gift and my mother in law loves turqouise but i was expecting sky blue !
 I ordered this watch as an everyday watch that I could also dive with . Has proven to be a great buy . I have not had any issues with this watch . A jewler did have some difficulty in removing links from the band , but I took it to another jewler who had no problem at all . The only downside is that it 's date is very simple , in that you must move the watch forward in those months that do not have 31 days .
 I ordered this watch back in 2006 . I wore it every day for the last 6 years and it had many hours in the pool/water and close to 100 dives on it , with one dive as deep as 137 feet back in 2008 . Awesome watch . However , the last time I took it in to have the battery changed , the jeweler -LRB- I guess -RRB- did n't put it back together correctly and it flooded 2 weeks ago . So , it is no longer working . Although I did love this watch and it 's smaller size -LRB- I 'm not a large male with big wrists -RRB- I am going to purchase an automatic watch this time so I do n't have rely on jewelers to change out the battery .
 Hello , I just received this watch today , and have been playing with it all day . Here are my thoughts :1 . The case , bezel , and face are well constructed and solid feeling . Bezel is crisp , and the face detail is fine .2 . The bracelet is just ok . The links are very difficult to remove , even with a pin pusher . When you put them back in , they have a tendency to flatten out and smash , rather than just tuck down in the holes . There is no `` middle size '' link to remove , so fitment can be hit or miss . I managed to get one link out of the 6 O'clock position , however the watch still slides toward the back of my wrist . If I take another link out , the watch becomes too small .3 . Biggest complaint is the high-reflective wave pattern on the face . Looks ok indoors or in the shade , however in the bright Florida sun , the dial can often become so reflective that you cant read the time.Overall , for the money , this seems to be a decent `` every day '' watch . Better than a lot of store bought watches , but not as nice as I had hoped -LRB- from all the reviews I read -RRB- . Hope this helps you in a decision ... JPS
 An excellent product . I was unfamiliar with this brand of watch prior to purchase and have no regrets . The watch is extremely well built and a first rate product . Would highly recommend to anyone seeking a well made dive watch .
 Very nice watch !! Well worth the low price . Watch has a very solid feel to it , and is well made.The Momentum by St. Moritz Watch Corporation , has some of the best customer service I have experienced . They treat you great no matter if you buy a $ 100 watch or $ 500 watch .
 I bought this watch because it 's very stylish and I wanted a back up bottom timer for diving . The watch itself keeps great time and also has an approximate 5 year battery life from the manufacture . The bezel is easy to turn and the build quality is very solid . Water resistance and watch quality is rated within the ISO 6425 standard I called Momentum myself to check this before I actually got in the water with it . I 've personally been down to 82 ' with this watch with zero problems and it glows very well in low light situations in my opinion . Just remember if you 're swimming or diving with this watch be sure that the crown is screwed down all the way before you get into the water . The only thing that I consider a flaw with this product is the `` natural rubber '' bands themselves . Do n't get me wrong they 're great quality bands however the natural rubber will start to dry out and crack over time . Momentum does offer replacement rubber bands from their website for $ 30 plus S&H . They also offer nylon and stainless steel bands but I went to the local drug store and bought an $ 8 velcro band for super cheap and it works just the same . In case you were wondering the band size is 18mm . The price is also very good considering the quality . I just wish it was an automatic movement so I would n't have to send the watch to the manufacture for a battery change to ensure the water resistance .
 UPS took a while to get the watch delivered but was impressed when I opened the box . At first I thought it was a woman 's dive watch , it 's more like a unisex watch IMO . The face is rather small compared to the massive dive watch faces that are made today , but it 's still very readable as I am older . The strap is extremely long like it should be because it should be able to fit over a wet suit . I highly recommend this watch for any man or woman , if you 're a man like I said you may initially think the watch face is too small and womanly but on further wear you 'll probably like it a lot !
 Its a great watch for one with a smaller wrist . I have the Storm which has served me well since 1996 -LRB- which i hope they can repair , with a new batterry -RRB- . I wear it every day doing heavy duty Construction Reno 's after my years of Diving . These are serious watches -LRB- whether diving/swimming or doing serious outdoor activities -RRB- . An active outdoor guy watch
 My husband absolutely LOVED this watch . He rides a motorcycle and is very much into the skull theme . It works great and it looks awesome on the wrist .
 I like this watch . It 's brightly colored so easy to keep track of when you take it off . I like the strap design as it helps keep it on with accidental bumping while taking on and off dive equipment . The strap can then be changed to a different set up to accommodate non-diving wear . Very versatile . It is also reasonably easy to set it .
 I bought this watch for my 16 year old daughter . She loves things that are a little left of mainstream . She tends to be on the punk side , and this fits well with her look . The watch has a clear face with easy to read hands , and the thick leather strap compliments it well . The strap is a little on the stiff side , but it will soften up as it breaks in . All in all , it was a good bargain .
 This is a nice little watch . It looks good , goes with anything , keeps time pretty well -LRB- 5-10 seconds a day -RRB- , and does n't need batteries.It 's also a tough little watch . It has survived being dropped , being thrown in the sink , and being hit against brick walls just for fun.As far as flaws are concerned , the stem is a little hard to handle , and it 's annoying that it is n't really water proof , and the lume pretty much sucks . But I just love being able to see all the watch parts through the back .
 This is a great classic watch from Philip . Size is 37MM . The bracelet is awesone . Highly recommend .
 ... and here it is ! I wo n't be doing deepwater diving in it , so I ca n't review whether or not it is an exemplary diving watch , but I like the bright yellow face and the clear numbers and hands . I like some of the other colors ; maybe at some point I will order another .
 This watch exceeded all my expectations . The bracelet had a great feel smooth finish . It wears so well and looks so expensive . The finish of the watch had to have been hand finished . It keeps excellent time , definitly a high end watch from a company that makes only Swiss Made watches and have been around over 120 years .
 I 've had mine since it was released in ~ 2006 . The battery meter still shows high and I 've never replaced the battery thanks to the solar charging face . I disagree with the other reviewer on the compass problem . Mine works very well but does need recalibration every several months if you need it to be perfect . The altimeter is very close to perfect . Maybe off by 20-50ft but its a watch for crying out loud . I do enjoy the barometer for double checking my airplane when the field does n't report pressure . I 've loved it and its still ticking strong .
 I love this watch . It was much less expensive here . When you put it on , you 'll fall in love with it . The color is a deep navy and the luminescent hands are very easy to read . Also , it 's Swiss made . I like bigger watches -LRB- 40mm -RRB- and this one is perfect !
 First the title for this item is a bit misleading . It says pocket watch but it fits four wrist watches as long as they can lie relatively flat -LRB- including metal straps -RRB- . I initially purchased a different Wolf Design watch box and was very disappointed in how little the case protected the watches . I decided to give this box a try as it stores watches flat with a padded cover to hold them firmly in place -LRB- up to a 45mm and a 20mm strap width -RRB- . It is limited to four dedicated watch spaces but includes room for various other items such as 3 pens , cufflinks , rings , chains or even a smaller ladies watch or two . It is well made but the clasp could be a bit more robust . It was originally price around 60 $ but then dropped to around 40 $ when I bought it . It has now dropped below 30 $ and in my opinion is a steal.Pros : - Price - I have seen similar watch boxes selling for hundreds more . - As long as your watches can lie or fold flat it keeps them snugly in place . - Storage for other stuff - pens , cufflinks , rings ... Cons : - It seems the box could have been 1/2 '' to 3/4 '' thinner and still have the same storage space and protection . - The clasp may not last over the long term . It is spring-loaded and does n't have physical locking mechanism to hold it in place . - Some minor scuffs on the leather but they can be buffed out . - The original packaging had a date of 2000 leading me to believe this is old stock Wolf Design has cleared our of their inventory rather then an exclusive for Amazon . I am guessing once these are sold out they are gone.If you need storage for a few watches that can lie relatively flat along with other items for the well dressed guy -LRB- with a little space left for a few of the wife things also -RRB- at a bargain price this box fits the bill .
 The jewelry box at first seemed very small however it worked out beautifully ! Thanks Amazon and Wolf Design !
 I own 19 watches . Of those , the vast majority are Fossil . This is my personal favorite , looks-wise . But BE PREPARED to wear the Titanic on your wrist . This watch is HEAVY . I 'm a stocky male , and I still complain about how heavy it is . If you dropped this on someone 's head it 'd kill them . Other than that , this is a beautiful , accurate watch .
 The product arrived in a timely manner and was exactly as the order stated.I would recommend this to anyone looking to find a gorgeous designer watch at a cheaper price with fast shipping !
 This is a nice watch but beware which listing here you purchase from since the price direct from from Fossil is only $ 105.00 .
 This functions like a bracelet and contains a watch when opened . It is attractive and practical , indoors or out .
 Watch is perfect for casual and sportyDurable and watch dial is perfect size . I have small wrists.Looks very stylish
 A perfect example of jewel-watch , designed and released to be as stunning as discreet , you can easiliy wear it without being afraid of showing off
 What a beautiful watch , and at a great price ! I do n't usually wear silver , but I 've grown to like the look of this watch with the different semi-precious stones ... and it goes nicely with different outfits . Even if one does n't wear silver , this would be a great gift for someone who does !
 I have to admit that I have owned Casios ' in the past , but this one really stands out . It is super accurate since it uses the atomic time frequency to update itself 4 times a day . Even if you miss a update , all you have to do is hit a button and it will do it for you manually . The watch is smart enough to keep up to date with the new daylight savings time laws in the US , and you will amaze your friends when you show off the complex stop watch on this thing . This watch is not to heavy , nor too flimsy . I 've had mine for about 5 months + and no scratches yet .
 This is a good watch . I only have two minor negative comments
 I bought two for my granddaughters , ages 10 and 12 . I 'm very pleased with the quality . I do n't know if the box is actually Italian leather , but it has a very rich feel , inside and out . The bottom drawer comes out and folds into a small box -- very cool!Shipping was fast and the boxes were very well packaged .
 I thought it was nice , love the travel case , but it is small for the price .
 Got it for my daughter 's B 'd and she love loves it , the color is perfect . My daughter says ; whenever she looks at it she ca n't help but smile ...
 My friend is happy !!! She likes this great pink box a lot !!! Shipment was quick !!! The item is 100 % new !!! Thank you so much !!!
 I had previously purchased a watch of the same design from another company and I have become very happy with this watch ... when seeing it in the stores I thought the leather was a bit too rigid ... now after about two months it has softened up real nice ... oh yeah ... it keeps time also ...
 Nice watch , offered at a great price . Delivered very quickly . 5 ***** for Service !
 Love this watch . I thought I lost my old one which is the same identical watch.The reason I wanted this same watch is because I know this watch was made to last . I have had my first one for 15 years now and I have only had to buy one battery , til now and I have to replace it . It keeps perfect time even after being accidently put in the washer through a long cycle and also dryer . one of the stones got cracked but it still works perfect.Anyhow when my watch came up missing I immediatly started searching online for another . Who would have thought I would find this same watch . Well thank God I did . Thanks to Amazon and their sellers of Seico Lassalle watches.Well I found my missing watch so now I have 2 . My new watch is flawless just gorgeous.I am going to replace the battery and see about having the gold finish refinised on my old one.thats the only thing I noticed when I got my new one.The finish on my old watch shows some wear . Hey its 15 years old . If I could afford it I would have also purchased the blue one too.These watches are worth the money . Have a Merry Christmas and Thanks for making my Christmas a good one . Faye Clark
 At Christmas of 1994 my Husband got me this as a gift , his only question was did I want it in Sapphire or Emerald . He was at one of our upscale jewelry store and bought it for $ 600.00 back then . Everyone knows that when something is new to the market it starts to depreciate , and certainly after 17-18 years it should be at a much , much , lower price . Unfortunately , while playing racquetball a couple of years ago , the ball hit it , completely destroying it ! I would really love to have this watch but NOT AT $ 600.00 ! I would willingly pay $ 200.00-250 .00 for it but no more . This would be similar to buying a $ 3,000.00 and then trying to sell it 17 years later , you would n't get $ 25.00 - $ 50.00 for it ! I think this Seller should really re-think his price on this watch !
 Goods were received as described and on time despite Christmas . Goods travelling from US to UK always opens up some concerns , but package arrived in time for Christmas as it was a gift . Been looking for this watch for sometime as previous one purchased some years ago was damaged beyond repair . Overall a very good experience .
 This was a very unique purchase and what a deal ! I loved the simplicity of its design . The recipient loved it so much that she 'll only wear it on special occasions -- sad , huh ?
 i bought this watch for my wife . she loved it at first sight . it was a perfect fit color wise and size wise . very sophisticated looking . she felt compelled to remove it while taking a bath although it is fully waterproof . the chain is a little flimsy and has fallen loose once . i want to have it welded . also the chain anchor has attached itself to clothing and cardigan twice . this is unavoidable and we just have to be patient and separate them slowly . i would give it an additional star if the gold plating does not fade in a few months .
 Looks great , keeps time.From Seiko U.S.A. `` The watch pictured on Amazon appears to be a genuine LaSalle watch . The reference number of the watch is CZP016 and it was made form 1991-1997 . The suggested retail cost of the watch was $ 750.00 . So , if the movement inside the watch pictured is genuine , the watch is definitely genuine.SCA Customer Service ''
 I bought this exact watch 5 years ago , and it 's still going strong . Only the black numbers on the twistable ring are fading . Futhermore it works fine and it still looks great . I get loads of compliments when I wear it !
 I love this watch ! It 's gorgeous ! The only thing that is less-than-great about it is that the display should have more contrast . I need to turn the backlight on to read the black-on-gold display at light levels significantly higher than with my watches that have black-on-gray displays . If I did this often , battery life would certainly be shorter than on my other watches but since I wear it primarily during daylight while at work , it 's rare that I 'll need to use it in low light .
 This is a fine time keeping watch , and nice looking.I received , on time and with all related items box , and papers.A good purchase for any buyer looking for an automatic watch.Ken , C.
 I purchased the watch from a different site , and it was almost perfect . Almost because you have to `` wind '' the watch every two days or so . By wind I mean shake it so it winds itself . I called Seiko usa to make sure . Also the description says white face and it does have a white face , but the picture looks grey/silver . It can be deceiving . Overall a really nice watch with some weight to it and nice stainless steel . PS if you see a watch or anything on Amazon and you really like the price , GET IT ! because the price might go way up a week or two later .
 I bought this for my Father who is a fan of the good old auto . He had one exactly the same and it had broken down after many years of faithful service . The bad news was that to fix it was AUD $ 160 , to buy a new one was AUD$ 115 ex Amazon ... of course I bought a new one ! Anyway the old one was looking a bit worse for wear . Like always , excellent service from Amazon and very reasonable shipping time given the distance to Australia from the US - took about 7 working days . -LRB- Sorry Australian retailers but you are way too expensive -RRB- I am a loyal customer and will definitely be back to buy in the future .
 This watch is beautiful . I like it a lot . The seller is great also .
 I bought this watch for me but it was a little tight so I grudgingly gave it away as a gift . I am not huge person but I need bracelets , watches , etc. that can be adjusted to slightly larger than 7.5 inches . I was sad to see it go .
 My kids got this watch for st nick - they love it , quality made for price & they like because its a toy - has hands to teach & tell time , got he boy one & this girl one - do recommend .
 Good value for cost . Hinges seem well made compared to other cases I have tried .
 This Item at the Price was Excellent , and I have my 10 Watches Stored & looks Grate in the Watch Case . Also the Workmanship of the Box I give 10 Stars * ... . It is a Defiant Buy ...
 Perfect for storing watches and looks nice too . Nice interior lining and easy to see with clear cover . Pillows can be used for multiple watches if small . Also great for cuff watches and bracelets .
 The box is exactly as advertised and well-packaged . Shipment was on time . I 'm very pleased !
 The box is of high quality and my watches look great in it . Good value for the cost .
 very good item , I was able to place most of my collection inside . I may order another one as my collection expands .
 Ordered this for my older son who 's big into Legos . He really likes it and was able to put it together with no probs . Thanks .
 She did n't have a watch at the time and didnt want to show she had one . So when she recieved it , she loved it and attached it to her shoulder bag . It looked cool . The watch itself is very different and has a great appeal to look at ! As a matter of fact , It makes you want to look at it !
 The views available here do not do this product justice -LRB- see eLuxury 's site for much better views -RRB- . The detailing of this item is completly hidden , from it 's cute lamb logo face -LRB- yes , that 's the animal used by Gwen as a trademark , not the brand -RRB- , to the Old English lettered face , -LRB- magenta ! -RRB- jeweled knob , and heart detailing on the inner `` locket , '' this is an item worthy of its price tag -- the best I found after scouring the net -LRB- its suggested retail is $ 295 -RRB- . The watch is also versatile
 Outstanding quality and value . eco drive recharges itself . Never needs a battery
 This watch was a great price . I found it in the stores in Canada for $ 550.00 . It came on time and seems great . Let 's hope it keeps working.It was $ 250.00 here .
 this product was made of a unique stainless steel that makes it looks very special.even the way the watch was design with that buckle that click fit in your wrist when you wear it , very attractive that people notice very quickly how special the product was .
 This is a very elegant watch . It is on the heavier side , but it does n't keep rotating on your wrist . It looks great on my wirst becuase I do n't have a very small wrist , I think it might be too big if your wrist is tiny . The reason I gave it 4 stars is because it does n't have any way that you could see the time in the dark . Otherwise , I would recommend this watch for the price .
 This watch is a perfect mix
 Seiko has In general good products this watch is beautiful ; very reliable , the mechanizing is excellent with the fixture of self-wining I do n't have to worry about batteries ; it does n't need . Very economic , great price for such a watch . I give this watch to my husband on his birthday over two years ago and it work perfectly he wear this watch everyday and up to today he has n't complain about it .
 Great looking watch , stylish for women . However , the material of the watch is very light and it feels like an ordinary watch that you can pick up for cheaper prices.Overall , still a bargain for a Hugo Boss watch .
 This watch definetely values it 's price . Classic , yet stylish . For a woman , it will make a difference .
 I bought this one as a gift for my Mom . She likes it a lot .
 Bought this watch for my 25 year old niece who just started her first job after the college . The clean and classy look of this watch caught my eyes , it will never go out of style . A perfect gift for a young professional , and it is a Hugo Boss . The box that came with looked so beautiful and expensive , the price tag was shown as $ 495 . A great buy for just $ 74 ! Too bad that it is out of stock now , I wanted to buy another one for gift .
 There was no store in our town where I could find a replacement watchband , so I was very happy to find just what I needed .
 Great watch ! Easy to read dial but still has a bit of artistic flair . Keeps good time !
 The watch came quickly and in good condition . The color is accurate to the picture . Easy to read face , and comfortable .
 This watch is rather good . When I ordered it , I was delighted to find that it came with a pen , which I still have . The face is adorable , and the rubber is form-fitting and comfortable.I did manage to stain the rubber when I did a brake change , however , but it made it a rather pleasant orange color that I actually found rather cute . The watch broke when I put my finger under the band and pulled as strongly as I could , but I do n't imagine anything else would have had the force necessary to do that .
 Great watch , fits well , I have small wrists and am not having problems . I also have allergy to nickel and have not had a problem . For me that says alot . Love It . !!
 I bought this band as the 3rd replacement on a favorite Seiko watch . The band was stiff , but now it is beginning to mold to my arm . It appears to be good quality , and actually , I think this is the best band I have had . It would have taken much longer to find one in a store that fit my old watch in the qulaity , size and color I desired . I quickly found the item I wanted on Amazon .
 I really like it . It is sleek and beautiful and really well made.I guess I will wear this watch everyday .
 This watch is a beautiful watch . It is comfortable and stylish . It goes with just about any outfit . It does run a tiny bit small . I have a normal sized medium wrist , and I have to wear it on the second to last notch in the band . I would have rated it a five star item , but the first time I wore it , one of the metal bars dislodged and fell out of the watch , making the face of the watch break away from the band . I was a little bit disappointed by that , given that I was n't doing anything especially vigorous . However , when I returned it , I was VERY pleased with the customer service . I received a replacement right away . I would recommend this watch to everyone , but I would just be careful with it , and look into the warranty .
 This tool makes it very easy to remove and reinstall pins for your watchband . The notched end gives you grip and more control than trying to use a screwdriver . A must have for those of us who replace their own watchbands .
 Sure you can use a small screw drive to fix your watch band pins , but this tool is professional and makes your work much easier !
 the watch is fine and good looking and it works . however we had to return the first one because it kept losing time . . immediately after purchase . it was taken care of immediately but the person did say `` maybe it was an old battery '' . now why would an old battery be in a brand new watch ???
 Mondaine is the Official Swiss Railways Watch . The 94100 is the bestselling Mondaine - a perfect mid-sized dress watch that fits most men . It has a simple , elegant design and was named one of the 10 all-time best Swiss watch designs . The second hand is the same as on the Swiss Railways clock - the hands and numerals are easy to read . The black leather band is elegant and comfortable . The watch is lightweight , water-resistant , and has a scratch resistant mineral crystal . Mondaine guarantees it for two years . A truly great dress watch !
 The watch was delivered in only few days to Finland and it works fine . That 's great ! Eventhough I had problems in Finland with the courier UPS which claimed extra handling costs that were not mentioned in WatchZone while buying the watch . The courier did also mistakes in estimating the value of toll & VAT . They corrected their miscalculation afterwards .
 Really ok for the price . Watch band is cheap but it makes the watch light and does n't feel like a weight at the end of your arm .
 Low price for a good piece of technology . Automatic movement that increases its value for the low price . For me it seems to be bigger in my hand that it looks in the pictures . With this watch , Lorus has become very attractive for me in quality and price . I 'm very pleased with my purchase .
 The watch is nice . It has a cool face design and the size of the watch is cool too . All around its a great watch , especially for the price .
 As usual , the item was shipped very quickly , and as it was a gift that was most important . . Was well packaged and exactly as described
 Bought this watch from the Nixon website for $ 150.00 . They did n't have this model with the black face diameter , so I purchased the one with stainless steel . The watch was much slimmer than I thought and at first I was n't sure if I liked it . The pictures on the site do n't always give you the best shots , and I generally like a larger watch . But I have to say that it is kind of nice to have 1 watch that you ca n't feel on the wrist . The band I believe is polyurethane which I would maybe categorize as a hardened rubber compound that is very light and very comfortable . It would be a decent deal at this price and it 's a good beach watch or just with shorts and a t-shirt . The end of the band has a protruding rubber knob that fits to the hole on the slider so the end does n't hang out or need trimming . In my opinion it 's a great feature . Noticed on this site that it lists the watch as having an alarm . This watch looks identical to mine which does n't have that feature . The button at the three o ' clock position is for the light and the other to adjust time . I would call to confirm . Peace .
 Happy with this watch despite the photos making it look like the body was a satin finish , it 's actually very shiny . I prefer a brushed or satin metal finish , but it still looks good and sits well on my wrist . The buckle on the strap has two -LRB- 2 -RRB- tounges instead of the normal , one -LRB- 1 -RRB- Watch is faily heavy , and appears well made , and the strap with buckle is easy to attach , and remove .
 Very nice watch . Wish it was a little larger is all . Arrived from seller in really nice box . Has kept perfect time since .
 What a deal ! Either buy a replacement battery for my old Seiko or buy this with free shipping . Works perfectly , looks nice . It has no light so you ca n't see it at night in bed . Oh well , I would definitely buy it again .
 what an interesting timepiece.I just received this watch and the comments are just pouring in from friends and onlookers.In a word KAMPY . this watch is really turning heads with its futuristic avantgarde styling.Looks like a neck-less guitar from the future on the rist of a certain George Jetson.You be the judge.It is a bold timepiece , highly polished stainless case , very well engineered , comfortable to wear . Watch looks to be durable.Croton always does great work!the chronograph pushers have a sapphire blue end accent not evident in the photos.If your looking to turn heads , then this may be your chance .
 Honestly , I have no idea what the buttons or dials do , but this watch looks cool AND tells time . I bought it because it looked alien , but I get compliments on it almost daily . It 's big , and showing and gets the right kind of attention .
 this is a fun watch , it runs & looks great the seller shiped fast & discription good
 Great first watch if your kid likes pink and hearts . Easy to read , accurate , they 'll love the pink backlight . Being waterproof is helpful as kids easily forget to not splash around when washing their hands . Price is good , too , as you wo n't be too upset if/when they lose it . Of course , the kids probably will , if they notice . Timex even provides a discount replacement because they know the probability of loss is high .
 My daughter is 8 years old and she absolutely loves it . The design is very pretty , numbers are neat and big enough , dashes are easy see also . Kids can easily tell time . And it glows in the dark - fun feature . I do n't love the strap , but my daughter likes it . She finds it comfortable - she just slips it on , does n't have to lock it and unlock it , and also it will not break off , unlike plastic straps . It turned out to be a great present on her birthday .
 I bought this for my newphew for being in my wedding . He is 3 and does n't know how to read time yet , but loves the watch anyways . It holds up the the abuse of a 3 yr old and he never gets tired of wearing it . The face of the watch is great . Big enough numbers for him to read and the little car is adorable . Would recommend this product .
 This watch had ALL the features I was looking for . My husband is a police officer and this watch is very rugged and has the indigo light he needed for night time . Would recommend for anyone . It is also a great everyday watch .
 Nice design , accurate , useful alarm and tough.I like this watch very much . It 's cool !
 The alarm feature on this watch is extremely useful . It is easy and simple to set an alarm for a few minutes or a specific time of day . It is especially useful when negotiating with my children , who often request `` 5 more minutes '' . The reason I did not give 5 stars is the leather band began to stretch from the first day , and broke after less than a year . Also , the dial for the alarm became very difficult to turn after a few months . I eventually used a citric degreaser which fixed it right up .
 This watch is built for rugged use but will also look nice with business wear . It is made to fit and be used by a man .
 I 've always loved the analog , easy-set alarm series from Timex . If , like me , you want an analog watch that is easy to read -LRB- both day and night -RRB- and has an alarm , this watch is a great choice . The analog face has good contrast , so it is easy to read . Setting the alarm is a snap ; simply rotate the bezel to set the alarm `` hands '' and pull the lower crown to the 12 hour or 1 hour position . Setting the alarm for one hour or less is even easier
 This is a great watch ! The metal band makes it very nice looking and it isRadio Controled . This means it sets it self automatically via Radio -LRB- WWVB -RRB- . So it is extremely accurate . I read some of the other posts about folks having problems with changing the date from month/day to day/month and daylight savings time and I did NOT have similar problems . Both these features are well described in the manual and work fine . -LRB- If you are one of those people who could never figure out how program a VCR ... maybe this is not the watch for you -RRB- The only issue I had was adjusting the band . This was not very well illustrated in the manual and required special tools . So it took me a few minutes to remove the links . Another minor `` nit '' is that this watch only shows the day of the week on the `` main time '' display -LRB- i.e. THU -RRB- . You have to press a button to display the date . I also have the Timex 1440 Sports watch -LRB- also Radio Controlled -RRB- and it displays the time day/date on the `` main time '' display -LRB- i.e. TH 8-30 -RRB- and since it has a Velcro band did not require any special tools . But the 1440 is a `` sports watch '' that looks fine while jogging but you can wear this watch to work or out to dinner . Overall I am very satisfied .
 Pros : Very acurate time . Good size . Easy to read . Nice backlight . Easy to use . Recessed face to help prevent scratches . Secure band.Cons : Watch case is plastic and very easily scratched . Once scratched , the plastic underneath is not the same color . Can start to look bad quick .
 I just love OMEGA timepieces . Not only do they offer the best balance between cost and quality but they are beautifully designed , striking that perfect chord of understated sophistication and timid power . It is like going slow while driving a muscle car.This PLANET OCEAN SEAMASTER is just gorgeous . The faceplate is easy to read under all conditions -LRB- the domed sapphire-crystal is double anti-glare and the tritium hands and numerals magnificently luminescent -RRB- . The black-stainless steel-offwhite-orange theme is perfectly balanced and it will compliment most outfits.My advice
 I am rather opinionated when it comes to luxury watches . This comes from spending 2 years in watchmaking school , studying directly under the guidance of a certified master swiss watchmaker who came here from Europe . Watches , especially mid to high grade swiss watches , are a passion of mine . I am not loyal to a brand or a style or anything else . I judge them for what they are , in terms of quality , function , construction , and style . A watchmakers point of view.This said I will tell you that this particular watch is what I consider to be a `` best kept secret '' sort of watch . This is an AUTOMATIC watch -LRB- read
 I ended up buying directly from watchmaxx.com . Received a brand new watch exactly as expected , with their warranty card in place of the factory warranty card . I have n't had a problem since I bought it almost a year ago . The watch runs within tolerance , about 5 seconds fast per day . I wear it a couple of days per week when I wind and reset the time . The watch has an awesome non-glare coating which at certain angles make it appear there is no crystal at all . With the black rubber strap , the watch goes best with black clothes . The rubber strap is extremely thick and robust . The underbelly of the watch -LRB- including strap -RRB- is beautifully inscripted . The watch is heavy and has an expensive look and feel to it . I love my Planet Ocean !
 I am rather opinionated when it comes to luxury watches . This comes from spending 2 years in watchmaking school , studying directly under the guidance of a certified master swiss watchmaker who came here from Europe . Watches , especially mid to high grade swiss watches , are a passion of mine . I am not loyal to a brand or a style or anything else . I judge them for what they are , in terms of quality , function , construction , and style . A watchmakers point of view.This said I will tell you that this particular watch is what I consider to be a `` best kept secret '' sort of watch . This is an AUTOMATIC watch -LRB- read
 I am rather opinionated when it comes to luxury watches . This comes from spending 2 years in watchmaking school , studying directly under the guidance of a certified master swiss watchmaker who came here from Europe . Watches , especially mid to high grade swiss watches , are a passion of mine . I am not loyal to a brand or a style or anything else . I judge them for what they are , in terms of quality , function , construction , and style . A watchmakers point of view.This said I will tell you that this particular watch is what I consider to be a `` best kept secret '' sort of watch . This is an AUTOMATIC watch -LRB- read
 My husband really loves the watch which I gave him for Christmas but he would wear it only on special occassions bec . of the nature of his job . I 'm really pleased that I got it bec . it was out of stock for sometime since I first saw it , which is early part of 2007 .
 I am rather opinionated when it comes to luxury watches . This comes from spending 2 years in watchmaking school , studying directly under the guidance of a certified master swiss watchmaker who came here from Europe . Watches , especially mid to high grade swiss watches , are a passion of mine . I am not loyal to a brand or a style or anything else . I judge them for what they are , in terms of quality , function , construction , and style . A watchmakers point of view.This said I will tell you that this particular watch is what I consider to be a `` best kept secret '' sort of watch . This is an AUTOMATIC watch -LRB- read
 This is a really fun watch . It looks great , and stylish . It is very comfortable . The band in a good quality , snake skin , and the watch is not too heavy . I am a teacher so I really needed a watch with NUMBERS and a second hand , this has both , and it does not look like a old biddy watch . Buy it ! Looks great with jeans sweats , and even a business casual look .
 For some reason , This item came up in the women 's watches when I did a search . I bought it assuming that , and was very disappointed when it was definately a man 's watch -LRB- rather large dial face -RRB- , however I was very impressed with the quality and look of the watch . So impressed in fact that instead of sending it back , which I had planned to do , I decided to donate it to my local sportsman 's club as a raffle prize . It was the first item selected !
 I 'm happy I bought this watch . Its easy to read , fun to use , and the compass is reasonably accurate . There are a few things that set this apart from other watches :1 -RRB- it is 1/2 '' thick2 -RRB- the watch needs to be LEVEL for the compass to give a reliable reading .3 -RRB- If you use the compass heavily you will use up a battery - mine lasted 90 days during the `` play '' period ; but I used it daily and multiple times .4 -RRB- changing the battery is not as easy as with other watches I own . The battery itself is held in a special mount , a tiny screw driver is required to remove and install it , and the back is VERY hard to snap back in -LRB- I eventually used a Bessey glueing clamp to get it to `` snap '' back in . -RRB- Watch shops have a special press for doing this .5 -RRB- the watch is quite heavy -LRB- 2.7 oz vs 1.1 oz for a similar sized dress watch -RRB- I 'm very satisfied with it and would buy it again . It fits compfortably on my wrist , and is a pleasure to wear . My 11 year old son thinks its pretty cool , and it looks nice enough to wear for general use .
 This watch does everything just right . The compass is classy , and easy to calibrate . And it looks wonderful on my wrist . Bravo !
 Received watch in good shape and in timely manner . I did notice that is was heavier than a normal watch . I followed the directions to set the compass and everything was working fine . After wearing a few times without using the compass I had need to use the compass and noticed right off that north was not where the compass was pointing . Finally figured out that when I put my hand in my pocket I was moving the stem and pushing buttons and the alignment was getting reset . Now I have to remember to check things whenever I put my hand in my pocket and I have n't had any problems since . All things considered it has been a good purchase .
 The Timex Compass watch looks nice , fits well , and performs as expected . I 'd recommend this a a gift for the outdoors person .
 This is the watch I wear most often . No matter if I 'm dressed up or dressed down , it always looks solid and classy . It certainly fits very comfortably and is easy to wear overnight . The backlighting is excellent for being able to see in the dark , either directly in semi-dark room , or residual glow for dark-adapted eyes . The red-blue compass needle makes for a very cool looking visual element on the watch , but proves to be very handy , especially when driving in unfamiliar areas .
 Quality timepiece with an accurate compass that resets to zero after each use . Remember to dial in the North declination from TRUE during setup .
 I purchased this watch for my husband and numerous people have commented on it ! They even ask if he is a diver -LRB- which he is n't -RRB- . It is a bit tricky to figure out some of the settings , but if you actually read the directions , you will figure it out pretty quickly !
 REVIEW
 This is a fantastic deal for this watch . The price is even lower than Costco and the watch looks even better in person . The face is very pretty with the irridescent mother of pearl background . A classic timepiece with outstanding quality .
 I have more then one Skagen Watch And have been very pleased with them , the Quality , Looks , -LRB- very smart looking watch -RRB- . Lite weight makes it great for summer and I can swim with it on . Its also dressy enough too wear at night .
 This is my second Skagen watch purchase , the first being a rose gold plated mesh band watch , similar to this . The look is sleek and very pretty . Skagen mesh watches do n't have a traditional buckle closure as on leather or link bands . The mesh bands have a fixed closure at one end and a sliding closure on the other side , so it 's completely adjustable . Once you get used to the closure it 's easy to use . If the sliding closure slips off -LRB- it wo n't while you 're wearing the watch -RRB- you slip it back on and readjust it for your comfort . Great value for the price , especially if you shop around for dealers who discount or put the watches on sale .
 I gave this watch to my wife for Christmas . She really loves it . It is very thin and feels like you are not even wearing a watch . Very stylish . A great buy for under a hundred bucks .
 The Skagen watch that I just purchased from your company is good to wearwith just about any apparel.The face of the watch has crystals and themother of pearl is as elegant as the finest watches by a watchmaker.Verynice !
 I love this watch !! It was my first Skagen and it is still my favorite . My mother , who has very thin wrists , loved mine so much because of how easy it is to adjust the mesh band to the perfect length , and how pretty it is , now collects them , too ! Makes it very easy to shop for her for Christmas ... except choosing just one from all the great styles and colors Skagen offers can be difficult ... and I always seem to find one that I want , too ! Oh well , Merry Christmas to me !!
 I like the watch . It looks very nice . I bought it for swimming on vacation . In the product description it said 100 meters or 300 feet . When I got the watch it said only3atms . That 's only splash resistant ! So do n't go in the water with it .
 I love the size and shape of the face . With just a little bit of sparkle , it can be dressy or every day . Band is adjustable and would accommodate very large wrists .
 nice styling , receive compliments on it often . Use of both gold and silver in watch makes it versatile whether your other jewelry is gold or silver .
 Very pretty watch , although the face was slightly smaller than I 'd expected . Arrived in very timely fashion , in plenty of time for Christmas ! Overall a good purchase , and certainly a good deal on a Skagen .
 This is a beautiful watch . I bought as a gift and they loved it . Product came on time and no problems .
 Wow does this watch dazzle in person . I was ambivalent about ordering it but I thought with free returns it was worth a shot . Boy am I happy I gave it a try . This watch looks great in person . I love the two tone look . The mother of pearl background is beautiful and I love the crystals , it gives it a little extra something . It is hard to find a watch that meets my expectations . I liked that I could adjust the band for a custom fix . My husband loosened it and it took a couple of tries to get it right but it fits well . The band is so flexible that at times I forget I am wearing it . it also has a double clasp system that makes sure it wo n't fall off . This watch definitely delivers , I looks expensive and well made . The band is slightly shiny so it shimmers and it connects to watch with 4 screws so I could probably change band myself . The only thing that would have made it better would have been a date or calendar . All in all this watch delivers .
 I purchased the watch after careful reviews . The watch is very nice and looks good . However , it does not clip . I had to take it to a place for them to fix it . It looks but can not clip on the lady 's arm .
 I am allergic to metal , i always wanted to have a watch with a metallic band . The titanium wrist band was perfect , it did not irritate my skin . It also comes in silver and black . The watch works very well too . I have had it for several years and am very happy with it .
 Auntie loves it , the rest of the nurses at work dig it too even though i was a little skeptical about the band . Easy to read , scratch free glass , real ladies watch .
 Watch was smaller than looked in image . Would suggest showing picture on a model 's arm for scale reference . But great watch to wear with my diamond tennis bracelet .
 THIS IS A GREAT/PRETTY WATCH.THE PRICE WAS GREAT.WHEN I ORDERED IT I WAS NOT EXPECTING IT TO COME SO SOON.I ORDERED ANOTHER WATCH -LRB- SAME BRAND -RRB- BUT IT WAS N'T AS PRETTY AS THIS ONE.SO I 'M SENDING IT BACK.THANKS
 This watch winder has performed exactly as described . The small noise which it generates is not objectional . The watches have always been wound and the date , etc. is always current .
 Excellent . Gentle with even the most expensive watches . Very easy to load and unload .
 This double watch winder is great . My husband loves it and uses it constantly . We 're very happy with this purchase and the transaction process .
 Great Watch Winder ! Highly recommend why spend $ 100 's on other watch winder when you can get this one at the price that Amazon can give.Once again Amazon came through.Thanks Amazon for finding these great values
 For our needs , this product is perfect . There 's no comparison product at this price and it does the job.Yes its plastic , and it does n't automatically switch from clockwise to counter clockwise , but again at this price it 's a very good value.It operates very quitely and is easy to load with adjustable mounts . The device turns on automatically for an hour , then off for three . I 've got a fairly large -LRB- not huge -RRB- Tissot with a leather band and double deployment clasp . My wife has a vintage Rolex -LRB- lady 's medium size -RRB- and they both fit perfectly . Since we just purchased the item , I ca n't vouch for its durability or service life , but initially we 're very happy .
 This was by far the most inexpensive watch winder I could find . It does the job and keeps the watchs on time . The way the watches sit in the holder and strap into the case is kind of hokey and it 's all made of plastic not metal which it appeared . But besides that this seems to be everything that I had espected for the $ 30 price tag.Thanks again Amazon for finding me exactly what I was looking for !
 I have been looking for an affordable watchwinder for years now and this certainly fits the bill . It is relatively quiet and only turns one hour in four so it does n't overwind the watch . One issue is that the mounting mechanism is fine for leather banded watches however my Rolex is too heavy and shifts during the winding . A little cork insert solved that and for 30 $ I am verry happy hope it works
 When I bought this watch winder for myself I bought another model for my father which was more expensive , but for my surprise mine is still working as it worked the first day I got it , but my fathers one quit working after 4 months .
 This winder rocks , and the prize is right it keep my two watch running , a Zandoz Singapure and Invicta pro 9937 , i have it set to the second setting , from my inspection I have found that it have two independent motors the holder for the watch is well made it is spring loaded -LRB- not a dish washes sponge -RRB- it can accommodate several watch bands , now for the surprising part this unit is identical to the Belogia and Garinin , the belogia is from Time TULETARY , and this unit is from Time TUTELARY THE NAMES OF THE MANUFACTURER ARE VERY CLOSE . !! so be careful when purchasing this item.one word of advise do your self a favor , turn the power switch off when putting in your watch or when taken it out because the winder may start the program that it was set for and inadvertently start to spin the watch and you could end up stripping the gears in the motor gear box because they are made of plastic , not a big deal their is a lot of unit out their that uses plastic gears from VCR , Camcorder , Cameras , DVD Players etc.The timer work OK , the main thing is that it will keep your watch going with with the proper -LRB- TPD -RRB- turn per day providing you set it to the correct setting that correspond to your watch.The motors are very quiet you have to go very close to the box to hear them ; will have to see the longevity but this is a very good alternative to the expensive models , that may not do has much but you pay for a fancy mahogany box .
 Two years now and this thing is still chugging away . Accommodates my biggest automatics and keeps them going . If it failed tomorrow -LRB- please do n't , I 'm knocking on wood -RRB- I think I 'd have still gotten my money 's worth.I 'm finding some plastic dust in the bottom of each chamber , so I know it is wearing down . Someday I 'll spring for an expensive -LRB- $ 400 + -RRB- winder . Or maybe I should just get another one of these ? Decisions , decisions .
 Keeps my watch on time . A little loud when winding watches , but okay . Price was good for the item
 Gave this to my dad for xmas . it worked well . NO issues . would buy another for someone else if needed .
 Talk about a perfect Christmas gift ! My boyfriend loves his watch winder ! It 's easy to setup , quiet , and small enough to fit right on his night stand ! He loves that he no longer has to manually wind his watches , and for the price compared to other winders , it could not have been a better buy !
 This is the only vertical automatic watch winder I could find . Fortunately , it turned out to be an excellent choice , since one of my automatic watches would not work properly with all other winders with winding positions at a angle less than than 90 degrees . In addition , I find this winder to be very versatile with its many options of winding timing , quiet , and its ability to accommodate more than two watches . Therefore , I would recommend it very highly .
 winder is well worth the money . You can spend a lot more money and get a lot less . Reasonably quiet . Good way to keep watches wound . It seems to work very well . I will buy another one as I get more watches .
 I was hesitant to order such a low price winder , after seeing much more expensive items around ... This winder is cool looking , it fits two large case size watches -LRB- 42 - 46mm with thick rubber bands -RRB- . It is quiet , and in 4 weeks of use , so far , my two automatics are still keeping time correctly , with the programmable winding set for 30 minutes every 3 hours . I can see buying another as soon as I find another 2 automatics I want .
 I have seen many other winders in the market with the same features but with much higher prices . This winder is so quiet that I have no problem sleeping even with it on . I highly recommend it .
 I 'm very satisfied with the watch winder . It is easy to place/remove the watches and while it is not completely silent in operation it is fairly quiet . It keeps the watches wound just as advertised .
 I 've bought this winder and i 'm really happy ! it works wonderfully and for the price i 've paid could n't get anything better !!!!
 the quality of this watch winder is much more than its price
 I searched for a low cost watch winder as I have a number of automatic watch 's and I wanted a winder that did not go all the time . This one works for an hour and rests for three which is great . It is value for money but I had to by a voltage converter for Australian use but I knew that before purchasing.It has been used continously and I am pleased , however it has become a bit noisy and `` clunks '' a lot as the watch in one bay revoves . It does even when no watch 's are in the winder . I find that dissapointing . But compered to a lot of winders for sale this one has value .
 I have three watches that I use and it is very convenient to have them wound and ready to go . I had seen several watch winders that were expensive and I almost did n't order this one because it was inexpensive . However I am pleasanlty surprised and the winder works flawlessly !! I would recommend this to anyone who wants a practical solution to the watch winding problem .
 I recently bought this and it works very well . It is inexpensive , effective and not bad looking either . You can spend hundreds on a wooden box that does much the same thing or simply spend your money on more watches instead .
 The winder works well with my Tissot watch . The only complaint I have is that it is kind of loud when I am in bed . I turn it off before I go to bed and cut it back on when I get up in the morning . It does n't hurt the effectiveness of the winder . You ca n't beat the price either .
 Nothing wrong with this winder . It 's not silent but not loud either . does the trick for me !
 I collect watches . Right now I have 4 watch winders ranging in price from this one up to $ $ $ . This winder has been perfect so far . It is silent , I dont mean quiet , silent . I have it on my night stand about 3 feet from my head and I dont hear it . The retainers are perfect for me , I have an 8.5 '' wrist and usually have problems with pillows that are smaller , they wont hold the bracelets . Not a problem with this winder . If it stays this quiet -LRB- some get louder after a while -RRB- then I will buy more , a lot moreFollow up on 12/26/2007 . Still just awesome . Silent and it works great . I am ordering more !
 I also bought the earlier version and this 2nd gen. winder is much improved . Looks better , occupies smaller foot print and operates silently compared to the 1st gen machine . Like the 1st gen , all plastic construction - do n't look nor feel robust . Do n't think it can survive rough handling - be gentle with it and it should last . Supplied power adaptor works only on 115 Vac - bummer . Does n't work on batteries , no problem - visit Radio Shack to get a 2D or 2C cell battery holder and power pin -LRB- similar to supplied power adaptor -RRB- . Just make sure you get the polarity correct otherwise it would n't work . And your precious watches can be kept in a secure place , eg . safe , and always ready to wear .
 I have been looking at winders for a few years now , never bringing myself to pay the high prices that I 've seen so when I saw the price on this one , I decided to give it a try . I also liked the idea that it allowed the watch to rest for three hours and rotate for just one . I am pleased with the winder and since I only wear my watch once or twice a week , I enjoy having my watch ready to wear without having to reset the time .
 I was afraid at first being so much cheaper than the other models I had review in catalogs but the product works GREAT . Really is the first time I have bought something too good to be true that it actually is !! Do not hestitate , buy it with confidence .
 Compared to the price for any other auto-winder , if it works at all it is a bargain . The description notes size adjustment . Actually there are two different sized blocks the watchband wraps around . These just pull straight up and off to get at the smaller version . No instructions to tell you this . The watch itself is intended to fit into a recess which is about 33mm long . My watch is 38mm diameter and thus will not fit into the device as it is designed . It is working with a bit of fiddling and with the cover left open.The operational problems others have noted I would guess are related to individual variance and typical Chineese quality control . Those problems would probably be there for the similar but much more expensive auto-winders , unless they come from Europe or are backed by an expensive Swiss watch brand.April 25 , 2011 . Now it is years later and it still works just fine . I leave it plugged in and running about two days a weeks .
 I 've had this winder for about a month and so far it runs great . It keeps both my automatic watches on time . Furthermore , its price is very appealing.However , the only thing I do not like about it is the mechanism for holding the watches , I always fear I am going to scratch the steel strap of my Invicta 4469 , when securing it.Conclusion
 I have been using the product for nearly 2 months . I found the product to be as what has been advertised . The product makes little or no noise at all . I am fully satisfied with the product and would recommend it . My only problem was that the adapter supplied was 110v whereas in my region we use 220v . Probably they should ask and provide the appropriate adapter .
 This was my first purchase of a watch winder , so I did n't want to spend a ton of money just to try it . I 'm very satisfied with the value that I received , and would recommend this to anyone .
 This winder has it all , it is programable , rotates your watches both ways and isultra-quiet and very relaible , this winder is an unbeliable value . This little boxkeeps my 2 Rolexes ticking worry free ...
 Nicely designed , works well . The plastic fittings do not quite fit the feel of fine watches , but what the heck !
 I was surprised at how well it has worked and ended up buying a second one . It costs only a fraction of the price of others that do the same thing . While it has a cheap plastic case , it does n't look bad and is virtually noiseless . If you have a very heavy watch I would recommend the single winder version since the watch angle is flatter -LRB- heavy watches cause the verical two-watch winder to bang around a little -RRB- . My winder has been running non-stop for the past couple of months with no problems . This device is a good value for what you pay .
 This Garinin autowinder does exactly what it is supposed to do . Keeps both my autos running and ready for use . It is quiet , smooth , and looks pretty good sitting atop my computer desk . It has a variety of settings that will meet the needs of almost any auto watch on the market . It is well built , and works as described .
 I have had this winder for about a month now and I am very happy with it . The major convenience is the well-engineered slots and iserts holding watches that are of a very good quality . The inserts are holding watches steadily which contributes to proper winding . All previous more expensive winders with cushion type inserts were falling out -LRB- with watches ! -RRB- and eventually were rendered useless . Highly recommended unit !
 I have seen fancier watch winders made from elegant wood and perhaps of finer craftsmanship which are offered at costs for a double winder -LRB- which this is -RRB- starting at multiples of the cost of this product . I have had the item for two weeks and it is a fantastic value . It offers settings to wind both clockwise and counter-clockwise and an on/off switch which I shut off at night.It also winds for one hour and rests for three . A whole lot of features and great bang for the buck !! I keep it in an unobtrusive place and it is surprsingly quiet . The vendor -LRB- AA Store -RRB- provided outstanding service and I am hard-pressed to imagine any buyer of this winder not being delighted with it . Even the finest timepiece -LRB- I only own a watch -RRB- would not object to a home in this winder ... perhaps not elegant , but certainly functional and cost-efficient .
 One of the best decisions I 've made was to order this watch winder . It 's silent as advertised and the simple design makes it easy to change watches easily . It has room for improvement - variable voltage from 110-240 volts will make much easier for this product to be used outside the US .
 The vendor delivered the product as promised . I did not have any issues . Excellent service .
 It is working perfect with my rolex and omega . With my wife watch , I had some problem with the size of the bracelet size -LRB- I easilly fixed it with a workaround -RRB- . But it is one of my best cost-benefit pruchases I have done . It is not noisy .
 With a large collection of watches , I have a need for a good winder . So far , all previous units have been at best , poor , with most failing within 6 months . So far , after a month of operation , this double winder seems to be doing the trick . Love the ability to have multiple settings , and the unit appears to be fairly gentle on the watches . Currently I have both a Seiko `` Black Monster '' -LRB- SKX779K -RRB- Dive watch , which is quite heavy , as well as large , and a Seiko BFS -LRB- SNKF07 -RRB- on the winder and it is handling both with ease . While the jury is still out , I 'm cautiously pleased .
 a pretty good winder for the price ... movement is silent and without the clicking sound coming from a similar model made by Tech Swiss ... April 17 , 2009Surprised to see the price went up from $ 40 to $ 99 now ! ... I have 2 units of this vertical winder and both are now emitting clicking sounds as the spinner rotates ... such a bother at nights in the bedroom I have to turn both off everytime to get back to sleep ... . I wo n't buy this winders again !
 I was a bit hesitant to order this item due to its cost compared to similar items . However , upon receipt I found it to be superbly functional due to its ease of operation and fuzzy logic setting . My only pan would be in regard to the instructions as to mounting the watches -LRB- NONE -RRB- . This is not a fancy highly polished wood and cushy velvet lined product , but `` boy oh boy '' does it do its job . Kudos to the designer !!!!!!!!
 I have 2 of these for my swiss watches . I am sure there are much better but you will have to pay a lot more for them . Mine are quiet and just as important , programmable . You have 4 winding settings and additionally , you can change from clockwise to counterclockwise or alternate between them . They are plastic but look very nice -LRB- you can see the watches move -RRB- . I do n't mind the plastic . I read a lot of reviews of other winders in this price range and did n't read any good ones . I recommend this winder .
 Great buy for the price . It works silently . Well put together . I got it for my boyfriend for Christmas and he LOVES it ! .
 Unit received on a timely basis . Nice quality for the price . Only thing I do n't like is you ca n't set one to wind in one direction and the other a different direction , they both have to go either clockwise or counter-clockwise .
 The product was shipped quickly and well packaged . Instructions are simple and since connecting and placing my watches in the winder the winder has worked very well . It is fairly quiet -LRB- a slight hum -RRB- and and relieves the burden of resetting my automatic watches . Only complaint is that the power cord is a bit short , if you want to place it on high dresser you will need an extension . I would recommend this product .
 This is a fine product . I discarded my old watch winder because it was nouisy and had become unreliable . This product is ultra quiet and my watches are always fully wound . Would recommend it to anyone .
 Own several Rolex 's and was looking for an auto winder , they range from 39.95 to several hundred dollars , decided to go with the Belocia . Great price , works as claimed and was under $ 50.00 with shipping .
 I recently started what seems to be developing into a collection of watches . If you have several watches , you need to keep them runing , or reset them every time you wear one . Automatic watches -LRB- self winding -RRB- need to be wound more often than once a day to keep them accurate . Automatic winders do this , but many seem to be as expensive as some of the watches . This one was inexpensive and I was almost put off by the low price . I was happy to find it looks very attractive , works silently , and keeps my watches wound . What more do you want ? New additions to my collection have me ready to order another .
 this watch winder does exactly what i need it to do which is wind my two accutron vx automatic watches just follow the instructions and should last a while this product is quality at a discounted price happy i didnt spend a couple of hundred on something that would have done the same thing
 Purchased one two years ago that died . For the price , it is worth it .
 Excellent product . A fraction of the cost of similar winders in jewelry stores and it works great . Very nice looking , too .
 I have 2 automatics so it comes in handy when I remember to use it!Its not fancy but it does the trick .
 Has been using it for few weeks , so far so good . Am really surprised this winder 's motor silent performance . Will consider buying another in future if it works well . It will be best to include a 220-240V AC adapter for Asia countries usage . Or , provide the consumer with a choice to select either 110 or 220-240 AC adapter .
 this product has lived up to everything that I wanted it to be , works great and is hassel free .
 The product works as intended . I 've had for over six months now and is perfect .
 This winder is a much more affordable alternative to the expensive competition . It works and has the ability to be set at a low enough level that over winding is not a concern . The only thing that keeps this winder from getting 5 stars is the fact that rotation direction is not individually selectable for each watch -LRB- a nice feature if you are fond of older designs that are direction sensitive -RRB- . This does n't seem to be possible with the design of the winder so perhaps this is a nit pick .
 Husband only has one rolex that this winder is utilized for , but it was a great value . Have it over a year and never gave us a problem .
 This product is excellent . It was delivered quickly and works as advertised . I would recommend it to anyone who needs this type of device .
 I have a lot of problems with the product , but these peopole every time respond with oportunity a nice atenttion
 I bought a set of two watch winders for my collection of automatic watches - especially since they were listed at a great price . Thepictures and description were accurate . I have had them for almost two months , and would rate this item 4 and half stars -LRB- consider this very good -RRB- . now no more hand winding . I did have one section of the winder stop functioning properly . However , when this was brought to the seller 's attention , they provided excellent service in providing a replacement rather quickly .
 This product is an excellent example of ` joined up thinking ' . Spring loaded adjustment on the watch carriers that hold them gently but firmly in place -LRB- no more bobbing , knocking or thuds as the watch slips in the carrier -RRB- . It also has a positive locking system that lets you snap the carriers in and out . Make sure the unit is off when you do this - there is a warning that you could damage the mechanism if you jam the carrier when it is trying to turn - common sense but still worth mentioning.A simple slider selection switch to select program and timing and a clock/counterclock/auto switch so you can set a preference on the direction of rotation - you do n't need a diagram showing up , down , center 3 way switch settings to get the thing to do what you want - ` it does what it says on the packet ' . Upright display case with a cover that keeps the dust out and lets you see your collection . As my collection increases this will be my winder and display case of choice .
 This winder is very easy to set up and use . Very simple and quick to insert/remove watches . Rotation options for clockwise , counterclockwise or both directions . Four rotation/idle interval options . Whisper quiet . A great solution for any pair of automatic watches . I 'll be sure to buy more as I add to my watch collection .
 I bought this for my husband 's two automatic watches . It 's so quiet , it looks great and it does its job well ! This was a great purchase . There are a lot of settings that you can select from depending on which way your watches wind , etc. . You can have a counter and clockwise winding watch in the same winder too ; it 's just a setting you choose . Great buy !
 For the money you can not beat it . Had it a month and it works well and is quiet . Great service from the seller , all in all very nice
 this watch winder is amazing for its price . it has dual slot for 2 wrist watches , very useful multiple timer settings and silent motor movement . i will buy another one soon .
 They work fine . They are slightly noisy when they are running but not bad .
 Great bargain for the price . Vertical design minimizes space usage . Not too noisy ; does the trick !
 At this price I expected it to be loud . I was wrong . Very quite and has all the options . I was going to wait for a winder with a wood finish . I 'm glad I did n't !
 For the price its a great product . It is well made and ultra quiet . I had a single watch winder that this replaces . It was nice velvet lined with leather incasing , but was loud . when I got this one and put my watches in over the plastic mounting pieces , I was thinking , `` oh goodness , this ca n't be good . '' Much to my surprise , it was near silent . Its appearance is sleek and modern , its just made of plastic . Its in my dressing room , so I do n't mind too much . For the price and quietness , I give it two thumbs up !!
 I have purchased one of these before and had another single winder from another company which failed . The winder that I ordered I expect to last a long time . Good product.Product imageSingle Round Automatic Watch Winder Burgundy Color ...
 OK , so I only have fake Rolex 's made in China , but when you have long hair , it is very uncomfortable to wear them 24/7 so as not to have to constantly keep changing the time , date , and day . What a pain ! This is the best , and the price was the best ! Amazon.com rocks !!! Thanks , Cissy
 I ordered 2 of these , one worked the other was DOA . I did n't really want to mess with sending it back so I unscrewed the 4 screws on the back of the case . One of the internal wires had come unplugged , so I plugged it back in , closed the case , and plugged in the power and it worked !!! Little bit of a hassle but what do you expect from a $ 50 watch winder from China .
 This vertical watch winder works as promise . With the four settings it will handle any watch you may have . Also , because its vertical it takes up less room .
 I got this for our Rolex watches and it works very well and quite too .
 Just what I was looking for . Really quite unit , and looks really sleek.Great price as well . Unit is better than the picture . Must see to believe . Great product for the money .
 I 've had this watch winder for about a month . I went on vacation for a week and left the watch in the winder on one of the intermittent settings the whole time . The watch was still right on time when I got home . I have sat right by the winder and often do n't notice when it starts the winding cycle . It 's very quiet ! Looks cool , too . The adjustable settings are a great feature -- probably best if you have more than one automatic watch .
 Best $ 35 bucks I ever spent . MY first watch winder cost over $ 150 dollars and overwound 2 watches , requiring me to have them both overhauled . This winder seems great , starts on stops per its program , is silent and keeps the watches ready to wear .
 Received in a good time and exactly as posted . I have been looking for such a device for my Oris automatic for years but could never figure out why I had to pay so much . Comparatively speaking this is a bargain and seems to work just fine .
 This winder does exactly what I want it to do
 For the money this product works great . I have a Stauer in it right now and for about a month it has kept perfect time . It looks contemporary and not as sophisticated as the wooden ones but in serves the purpose . If I ever need another winder I would n't hesitate to buy another .
 I imagined a watch winder to be a noisy intrusion . But the silent rotations keep your self winding watch running while you sleep . Easy to use and simple to operate . Nothing more than a rocker switch that you push for on .
 This is by far the best deal on a watch winder yet . It runs quiet . I have it in the same room as our desktop computer and I ca n't hear it over the computer cooling fan . So I would rate the sound quality in the excellent to very good range.The overall construction is molded plastic , but for the price point that is fine . The watch holders are very functional and have a nice spring tension mechanism that holds the watches in place . I have a relatively small wrist and it accomodates my watches without any problems.The unit rotates at approximately 6 rotations per minute . Based on this , each mode of operation runs as follows : Position A = 344 RPDPosition B = 864 RPDPosition C = 1234 RPDPosition D = 2468 RPDRPD -LRB- rotations per day -RRB- This winder also has three seperate rotating positions
 Due to the fact that these ` little machines '' are cheaply made , i didnt have great expectations ... `` you get what you paid for '' ... was i so wrong !! ... this watch winder is outstanding !! ... a beautiful design , extremely quiet , quality materials and it actually works !!! ... i couldnt be happier.The price for this item is more than reasonable , you couldnt get a better deal . If you have more than one automatic watch this winder is a must !!!
 I have been using this watch winder for a month now . I am extremely pleased with it . The fuzzy logic function for turning off and on , and the ability to change direction is unheard of for this price . Before buying this winder , I purchased one that was four times the price , and it was loud and stopped working after a couple of weeks . This product is extremely quiet , and easy to operate . The only complaint I have is with the instructions . I wish they were a little more illustrated . I would highly recommend this procuct to the watch enthusist on a budget . It looks really cool on my dresser also . I purchased two of them and placed them side by side . Four watch winders for one hundred bucks . Cant beat it !!! Update
 Is it made of leather and exotic wood ? No.Is it programmable ? No.Does it cost $ 450 ? No.I 've only owned mine for a week or so now , but this thing is great . Of course it wo n't compare the high end models that sell for more than 10x what this costs , but what it will do is keep your automatic watches wound . It has a clockwise/counterclockwise switch and an on-off switch . It runs 1 hour , then shuts down for 3 . The watch holders have spring loaded backs to adjust to different size bands , even fits my deployant clasp watch perfectly fine . And it 's quiet , really quiet . Overall , an amazing buy for $ 30 . I 'll likely buy a 2nd one as soon as I need it .
 For the price you ca n't go wrong , go for it . Not bad at all
 Somehow over the years I have acquired a collection of 6 watches . Which includes a fine Swatch , a Russian winder Voshod , a solar Casio etc. . But Timex expedition is simply the best . It has better features than the digital Casio , quality similar to that of a Swatch and it is as simple as the Russian Voshod . There are no weird extra dials , gimmick solar panels or useless functions . It is simply what I have always wanted out of a watch .
 I like the watch ... solid ... only negative , I had to reset the time twice in the 2 months , as it was not keeping time , but have not had too do this since .
 This watch is really good with a lot of functionality . I used the alarm a lot .
 Overall , this is a great watch . I bought one about 2 years ago , and it worked well for a year . Because it has both watch hands and a digital display , it looks classy , but offers features such as a stopwatch and alarm.I will warn you that this wo n't last forever - I recently purchased it again because my old one stopped working - the dial to change the time fell out and the watch was broken beyond repair . For the year and a half that it worked , it was a great watch , which is why I bought it again .
 I 've had this watch for at least 5 years and it has been the greatest watch I 've ever purchased . Long battery life , I just changed the battery a few months ago . The wrist band is flexible and the clasp holds securely . The timer and alarm are great features . The only negative thing about the watch is that it can be difficult to adjust the length , but it still is n't really that hard to do , you just need to have patience to get the pins in or out .
 The old Timex alarm worked using a stem , which you pulled out and set . The stem usually broke off after 6 - 12 months . The new system uses a series of push-buttons , which should n't wear out nearly as quickly . Setting a countdown alarm is a little more complicated , but once you get used to it , it 's easy to do . The watch itself is fine , and the new alarm system is a big improvement . And all this for $ 39.95 . Excellent product !
 My model has the silver E at 12 o'clock vice the yellow one . I 've had my watch since January 2003 and just replaced the batteries about 3 months ago . Have n't had any problems with it . I love the design , both analog and digital and best of all it 's THIN compared to most metal watches !!!
 I have had this watch for years and years . First off it looks great . It has an elegant , high class look and feel , with a shiny metal link band , and metal casing . A beautiful blue backround with both hour and minute hand , along with a second hand . Yet it has everything you would expect from a digital watch
 Really nice watch . very pleased with the feel of it . very light compared to a metal band watch . and very tough . it is very bright and easy to read during day and at night . love how the dial markers do n't need a charge and just always work . only con with the watch is i had some condensation forming inside of the watch face . owned it for a few weeks now and super cold temps have hit my area , noticed the condensation when i was working outside . unscrewed the back and let it sit in my apt for couple hours where it was about 30 % humidity . no further problems . would recommend to anyone where you need a tough timepiece that you can read the time at any given point .
 I bought this to replace the same watch . Only reason I 'm replacing is cosmetic . The last one I have still works . I worked in the construction trades and bashed and scratched and tore the band off the watch while passing through doorways etc. . This is a watch you can WEAR WHILE WORKING and not worry about whether it will hold up . When the band breaks it 's easily replaced . Luminox also has a longer battery life than Swiss Army and has a gasket seal . The Swiss Army watches tend to fog from condensation after a battery change because they have no gasket . Overall this watch can take a pounding and still keep time .
 Very fast shipping and a high quality watch at a discount price ! I am very pleased with the quality and look of the luminox watch .
 Great watch . Exactly what I was looking for . Highly recommended . Glow in the dark feature is a good as advertised .
 I am very pleased with this purchase . Every one I show it to wants one and they know exactly what it is .
 the watch has a simple design , tough and durable . the luminated hands are an absolute must have for my paramedic son , he loves it
 This watch is bulletproof &#8211; and except for replacing the watchband pins , has been flawless in operation for more than three years . My son loves it wears every day . Should 've bought one for myself .
 this is the most awsome watch i 've ever owned . VERY easy to see at night . not just in darkness but also in low light lumination . the hands and numerals are that bright . the white face stands out and is very easy to read . others reviewers have commented about the band breaking after awhile . I solved that problem by making a paracord band as soon as i got the watch out of the box . it looks nice .
 I 've had the Luminox Men 's 30007 watch for about 3 weeks now and have been impressed at how accurate the reviews were regarding this watch in regards to its lumination in the low light visibility or no light at all . The crystal face has taken the outdoors well considering I 've brushed it against bricks while installing a patio in the backyard . I purchased this watch for the very fact that its illumination system does not use battery power to function but its own gas enclosed system . I had a $ 15.00 Casio watch that went into various regions of the world with me during my time in the service and it served me well . However ; in low light situations or a night time environment where you need to keep your hands on more critical task , it is good to know that this tough and light weight watch will display the time without the need for pushing a button .
 ThisLuminox Men 's 3007 Original Navy SEAL Dive Watcharrived quicker than expected and is exactly as advertised . I 'm not sure how Luminox describes its models , but I had aLuminox Men 's 3051 EVO Navy SEAL Colormark Watchpreviously that I understood was the genuine Navy Seals dive watch . Perhaps the 3007 is the ** original ** version . The 3051 is a bit bigger , better looking -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- but a bit more expensive . While the 3007 is a good watch , well built , accurate , waterproof and attractive , I think I 'd choose to spend a few dollars more to get the 3051 now that I 've seen them both in the flesh .
 What made me give this 5 stars was the price comparison . For the money this watch is good quality & carries the tritium dial which is a nice if not essential touch . It 's far brighter than the now extinct radium dials.The case and strap give every impression of being durable although I 'm not about to bash it around to find out . The general finish is good and the watch is comfortable to wear.The white face against the black moulded case looks very good in my opinion . I mention this only because it 's difficult to tell from the pictures on the web whether it 'll look good in real life , but I think that it does.I agree with the opinion of the other reviewer about the strap not being worth the money they were asking for replacement . The strap is good enough but not exactly special unless you 're fanatical about having the Luminox stamp on the buckle . The practice of limiting the warranty to exclude the strap is a little poor , but I suspect widespread and not specific to Luminox.One final niggle . If you examine the dial really -LRB- and I mean really -RRB- closely then you see that the second hand is n't absolutely and perfectly aligned with every second marker on the face . But you 'd need to have a serious OCD problem to worry about this on a watch of this price.Altogether very happy . Good price . Nice watch . Attractive tritium dial .
 I did a lot of comparison shopping for a sporty yet classy watch with a bezel , and it came down to Swiss Army vs. Luminox . My decision was made when I found this watch on sale for almost $ 100 dollars less than list price -LRB- thanks , Amazon ! -RRB- and well below the cost of the Swiss Army watches I was looking at . Some people complain about the rubber wristband , but I like it . I 'm sure it will break sooner or later , but no biggie . More importantly , the watch face itself is classy and easy to read . And it really is bright in the dark ! I love the fact that you do n't have to press a button to illuminate it . The bezel was a bit tough to rotate at first , but it 's loosened up a bit since I first got it . It may not be as prestigious as a metal band watch , but it suits me just fine .
 I have had this watch now for about three years and it is still seemingly bulletproof . I have , however , had to replace the band because it started to rip and would not remain on my wrist . The ruberized band itself lasted about 2 years which is good considering the a salesman for luminox said they normally only last a year . And in those two years , I barely took this thing off ; not in the shower , pool , gym , or for work around the house ; this watch is a quality time peice . The nylon band may last longer , but velcro does not work well if wet and in cold conditions ; the velcro becomes useless . The rubber band is also very comfortable . The housing and transparent shield will , inevitably , get scuffed up , but I have really abused this watch at times . Never do these scuffs mess with the ability to read the watch.It is really nice to have the day of the month as well , but this does not illuminate . But , this watch lights up so bright at night you can actually use it to read something if you really had to in pitch darkness . I have walked down a dark hallway at my house and this watch gave off a green aura that lit the way for me to see . It is also going to be a great watch for divers if it is not taken below 200 meters , which is a long way anyway . The rotating bezel allows you to set your time for oxygen or to time yourself at the gym like I do . The 60 second mark on the rotating bezel is also illuminated by tritium to find it easily . It has a lot of versatility for a simple design.Luminox uses swiss quartz and the face has 12 and 24 hour time markings , adhereing to its military roots . The blackened stainless steel caseback has the Navy SEAL emblem laser etched , along with Swiss Made , adding to the coolness factor of the watch . However , I wish the little screws used to hold the caseback in place were also blackened as they do rust from the corrosive sweat you give off . My other issue with the watch is the second hands dont quite match up with the tick makes on the face . This , to me , is very trivial but it may bother some people . This watch is very easy to change to time and date if needed with the pinwheel on the side . Over the 3 years I have used it , it has never fell behind or sped up time , it always keeps accurate time.Also , this is a super lightweight and comfortable watch you will forget you have on you unil you need it . I used to frequently wear my father 's Omega Seamaster -LRB- James Bond Watch -RRB- and the thing was just too heavy and it would cut into my hand . My Fossil watch does the same thing . This watch wo n't pull the hair out of your arms or cause discomfort in heavy use.This is my favorite watch and is the best I have ever owned . For the money , you get a great timepiece that will last a very long time . I highly recommend this watch to people like me who tend to unintentionally abuse things . A watch is an invaluable item to have on you and this is my watch of choice .
 I purchased this watch from Amazon about 3 years ago . I wore this watch all through Basic Military Training and Tech School and have n't had any problems . The crystal is strong and the face is nice and bright . Great for Entry Control during dark hours because you do n't have to take your hands off your weapon to check the time , there are no buttons to press ! While the rubber watch band did break at the 3 year mark , it was only after I got the watch caught on a piece of equipment . I bought a 22mm NATO watchband for $ 16 bucks and it looks great and will never break .
 Overall I am very pleased with my 3007 Luminox , and it has served me well for the past three years.PROs-The lume is very good-Bezel turns with ease-Battery is still going strong-White face edition -LRB- 3007 -RRB- is pretty cool in my opinionCONs-Strap needed to be replaced after the third year.While the strap did break earlier than I would have liked , I also really beat up on the watch , and am almost suprised it lasted this long .
 Some watches require two hands to see the time at night , one for the watch and one for the button . This watch is easily visible at night . It is also waterproof so I can wear it swimming or in the shower . I have always had one of these watches with a black face , and this one has a white one . The black numbers contrast well , and I think it is easier to see in the daylight than the watch with the black face . However , where Luminox watches are vastly superior to other watches are in that period of time where it is not fully dark . The black face works better there . I took off a half star for that.I am allergic to some kinds of metal . This is another good reason to choose this watch . The four very tiny screws on the back almost never give me trouble . The band is rubber , and it is stiff enough that the buckle is never in contact with my wrist for extended periods . When that band gives out , there are silicone ones on the market that work well too.The battery in these watches lasts for years . When I replaced the one in my last watch , I ruined the waterproof aspect . Since I kept forgetting and wearing it in the shower , it got moisture in it . Open it up and use a hair drier on it . Do n't do as I did in haste after a couple of times and set it on top of the toaster oven . It will melt . Apparently one is supposed to send the watch somewhere to get a battery replacement and `` pressurization '' to retain the waterproof feature . That service is less than $ 40 which is cheaper than having to buy a new watch . That aspect lost it the other half star .
 Very comfortable and despite the hefty look it is very light weight . Hands are easy to read both during the day and especially at night . I 'm so happy to have found this product line , I 've found the watch company who will have my business for life . My only minor gripe is the date is pretty small and hard to read . I have had several comments on the watch and do n't hesitate to recommend to anyone interested in trying the Luminox line .
 the watch is what was advertized.It is really light and I am nit sure if i is strictly the carbon fiber construction and design or ... Keeps great time and stays visible under all conditions . I did see on the Luminox site that one should be cautious when purchasing from anyone not an authorized Luminox dealer.I guess only time will tell . no pun intended .
 I read several reviews from other people that said this watch sucked . I beg to differ . I love this one ! It 's not too large on the wrist , and the illuminated dial and hands are great . The lights are not too bright so that it hurts the eyes or distracts you . Now granted , I have n't went diving into deep water , or beat it all to hell like a Navy SEAL might . But it 's a really nice watch . I recommend it .
 This is a beautiful watch and I have only been wearing it for about a week . On the second day after I purchased and had the watch sized , I noticed condensation forming under the watch crystal . I called the company and they had me send it to their repair center at their expense - that was after I insisted that I should not have to pay for any part of repairing a brand new watch . I could tell the young lady answering the phone was young and inexperienced in dealing with these kinds of problems . A month later , I received the watch back . So far , so good . Time will tell if this watch holds up as well as my husband 's 15 year old Swiss Army watch . Joseph 's Wife
 Product exactly as described - did have to send back due to person I gave it to already had a duplicate . The return and the credit was hassle free . Thanks !!
 I spent the last year searching for a watch that had all the features and looks I was looking for and found it in this watch . There is absolutely nothing to not like about it , and I 'm extremely picky . Absolutely perfect in every way . I highly recommend it to all guys out there who want a great , stylish watch . It keeps incredibly accurate time , is easy to read in a dark theater , and is just the coolest looking watch around ... bar none .
 I wanted a decent looking watch that should be durable enough to be worn daily as my `` kick around '' watch . I am pretty tough on watches , and the Luminox reputation for durability had my attention . While durability was important , looks were also a factor . I did n't want a big ugly brick attached to my wrist.This watch is a good looking watch that can take abuse and function properly . I have been wearing this watch daily since it arrived , and have taken it on trips across the country . It shows no signs of wear . It performs flawlessly . An added plus for me is the illumination feature . It performs just as it is advertised . In short , I love this watch .
 I already reviewed this series , so if you want to see my full review , please just click over the black-face version of this watch . In short
 I have had this watch for about six years and it has been very reliable . Although I am pretty rough on it , it still holds up . My only complaint is that the crystal does get scratched up and after a couple of years the watch band does show wear . So far every two years I ship the watch back to Luminox for an overhaul . I have the battery , crystal , and watch band replaced . It runs a little over $ 100 . It is worth it to have a watch that looks like new again . If you are in the market for a Luminox watch , I would get this model versus the cheaper one that has the plastic case . This is the model that I started with . It lasted almost two years until the part of the case that holds the watch band broke . For a little more money , get this watch and it will last maybe forever with the stainless steel case .
 My super creative and talented boyfriend sent this to me for my birthday ! Love at first sight ! It 's unique shape and striking color make it a fantastic accessory , and a really thoughtful gift ! It is a watch that I will enjoy wearing for years to come !
 The Watch was Purchased , as a gift for a loved one , and for the Price it worked well , for this . Deep Blue , Mirrored Crystal , POP-ART Design , AND , A Surprise of a real Diamond at the 3 O'Clock Position -LRB- !! -RRB- . , Made this a Smart Choice and Compliment . This watch-like higher end watches - denotes it 's running very quietly . every minute . Comes Boxed like a $ 1100 watch . And I really wanted this Blue Color . So Far ... so Great !! Prime Shipping works too .
 I have several pet peeves as regards watches :1 . Lose their luminescence in the dark2 . No date3 . Band does n't have correct adjustments.This watch has it all . With the Luminox illumination technology , I can see the time no matter how long it 's been since nightfall . Plus , with the velcro band , I can adjust it to any degree , allowing for infinite adjustments . It is also extremely comfortable , to the point that you will forget you have it on.This watch does have a date which , although small , can be seen when needed.I chose model 3903 because the diameter was smaller and less obtrusive . It also has a movable bezel to mark time when needed . Last , but certainly not least , this watch has kept perfect time .
 Had been looking at the larger LumiNox watches , but considered them to large for my wrist . This particular model -LRB- 3900 series -RRB- is a smaller version of the more well known LumiNox Navy Seal watches . Beautiful colors in the face , with very bright illuminated hands and dial .
 This watch is very useful and practical . It is waterproof to 200 meters and shock resistant . Being in the Navy , I wear it every day , and it is an excellent everyday work watch and great during physical training sessions . I recommend it highly to anyone who wants to wear it outdoors to work or play .
 I have had this same watch for over 10 years and it finally gave up , so I bought a new one . Same quality and ruggedness as before but a better band . This is a great piece especially for this money .
 I have had this watch now for about three years and it is still seemingly bulletproof . I have , however , had to replace the band because it started to rip and would not remain on my wrist . The ruberized band itself lasted about 2 years which is good considering the a salesman for luminox said they normally only last a year . And in those two years , I barely took this thing off ; not in the shower , pool , gym , or for work around the house ; this watch is a quality time peice . The nylon band may last longer , but velcro does not work well if wet and in cold conditions ; the velcro becomes useless . The rubber band is also very comfortable . The housing and transparent shield will , inevitably , get scuffed up , but I have really abused this watch at times . Never do these scuffs mess with the ability to read the watch.It is really nice to have the day of the month as well , but this does not illuminate . But , this watch lights up so bright at night you can actually use it to read something if you really had to in pitch darkness . I have walked down a dark hallway at my house and this watch gave off a green aura that lit the way for me to see . It is also going to be a great watch for divers if it is not taken below 200 meters , which is a long way anyway . The rotating bezel allows you to set your time for oxygen or to time yourself at the gym like I do . The 60 second mark on the rotating bezel is also illuminated by tritium to find it easily . It has a lot of versatility for a simple design.Luminox uses swiss quartz and the face has 12 and 24 hour time markings , adhereing to its military roots . The blackened stainless steel caseback has the Navy SEAL emblem laser etched , along with Swiss Made , adding to the coolness factor of the watch . However , I wish the little screws used to hold the caseback in place were also blackened as they do rust from the corrosive sweat you give off . My other issue with the watch is the second hands dont quite match up with the tick makes on the face . This , to me , is very trivial but it may bother some people . This watch is very easy to change to time and date if needed with the pinwheel on the side . Over the 3 years I have used it , it has never fell behind or sped up time , it always keeps accurate time.Also , this is a super lightweight and comfortable watch you will forget you have on you unil you need it . I used to frequently wear my father 's Omega Seamaster -LRB- James Bond Watch -RRB- and the thing was just too heavy and it would cut into my hand . My Fossil watch does the same thing . This watch wo n't pull the hair out of your arms or cause discomfort in heavy use.This is my favorite watch and is the best I have ever owned . For the money , you get a great timepiece that will last a very long time . I highly recommend this watch to people like me who tend to unintentionally abuse things . A watch is an invaluable item to have on you and this is my watch of choice .
 Since I 've only had the watch a few weeks , I wo n't report on duribility or long-term reliablity or accuracy . However , my first impressions are that it 's a great watch for the price . It 's very lightweight . I chose the blue face . The velcro band is a little hard to get used to if you 've never had one before , but you soon come to like it . The tritium hands and position markers are the brightess I 've seen . The dial is easily readable in all light conditions .
 Because ther were many reviews that criticized the watch band , upon getting my watch I immediatly changed it to a black plastic one which I think is much better looking . I periodically check the time on the Internet and the watch appears to have niether lost nor gained a second since I received the watch .
 Item came as described and looked better in person . Great watch for casual wear and outdoors . Been in the ocean a few times as well as in pools and no issues . Highly recommend .
 Great watch so far , no leaking like the Timex Iron man , only small problem is they could have included the day of the week , not just the date . After 6 months the watch leaked and I had to throw it away , no more of these for me , I did not even dive with it just showering and swimming .
 Great watch . Glows bright at all times . Band is comfortable . Just need to see how long it holds up . Seems to be well built and it is accurate .
 got this for my husband for christmas . Watch is great for night work . nylon band is cheap and tore off in 8 days .
 So far I am more than pleased with the performance of this watch . I had been wanting one for some time & Amazon.com had the best price .
 This is purely a simple watch that is legible , easy to see at night and comfortable .
 I do n't dive , but got tired of my watches getting moisture in them due to frequent hand washing , car washing , etc. . . This is a great water proof watch and the luminous features are wonderful . No buttons to hit , just look and see the time in any level of darkness .
 The watch was great , it was like I thought it was.The shipping was on time and fast .
 My boyfriend is into anything military related and he needed a durable watch -LRB- his last one did n't survive the swimming pool -RRB- . He absolutely loved this watch . It has a velcro strap that is easy to take on and off . It is water resistant and the hand on the face glow really bright at night . This watch seems to be a lot more durable , hopefully it will last .
 The service i recived was great and the watch is a very good product the price was the lowest i found .
 I bought this watch for water sports but I find myself wearing it more than my other watches because it 's good looking , waterproof , and can easily be read in the dark . The rotating bezel is faster and easier to use than digital timers . I only wish the date window were larger . I ca n't read the date even with my reading glasses on .
 I live in the U.S. and my boys and grandchilren are in New Zealand . It is hard to keep track of appropriate times to call . I thought a dual time zone watch would solve that problem . I had been searching for a watch made for a women and found very few that were both attractive and affordable.I own another model Skagen and have found it to be very reliable and well made . This new one suits me perfectly . I can read the hands and it looks nice enough to wear almost anywhere . It is a little large if you have a petite wrist , but would work for most women . It is very easy to adjust to your wrist size . I love looking at the watch and imagining what my family half way around the world would be doing at that hour . I highly recommend this timepiece .
 I am very satisfied with the watch , was septic at first to order a watch online , because it usually looks better on a picture , but this watch is really nice looking and very feminine . The quality of the product is excellent too .
 I needed a watch I could wear to work , use for travelling , and to evenings out . However , I did n't want to pay $ 300 + . The face on this watch is very elegant . The mesh bracelet has a slightly duller finish than in the picture . It 's easily adjustable , sleek and versatile . Overall , I 'm very happy with it . I 've bought Skagen watches in the past and they wear well . For less than $ 100 , you ca n't go wrong .
 The wife also wanted a dual-time watch since her work has her monitoring two time zones always so I ordered this with my own Skagen dual-time men 's watch . Fine workmanship , accurate , and very elegant .
 This watch is beautiful ! I have done my research on dual-time watches and this one is the only one I have found that looks chic , stylish and dependable for the price . I am very happy with my purchase .
 This was gift for my daughter at the holidays and she loves it !! Great price and fast delivery !!!
 I work in two different time zones so this watch is very functional . It is light , adjustable to my wrist size and water resistant . All in all , a great find .
 As a new flight attendant , I needed a watch that would help with time zone changes and still look professional . This one more than meets my needs .
 I 've been looking for a dual-face watch for some weeks , as my new job requires that I keep track of two time zones . Most dual-time watches are bulky at best and ugly at worst . This new Skagen model is sleek and elegant and I can read both dials easily . The double face fills up the back of my rather narrow wrist , but the Skagen line is known for its slender depth , so the profile is still low . And it 's practically weightless on my arm . I know I 'll enjoy wearing this watch . The seller gave terrific service -- the product arrived less than 48 hours after I ordered it .
 A nice , stylish watch . Since it 's 2-tone , it goes well with either silver or gold jewelry . I have fairly small wrists , so the watch is perhaps a bit larger on my arm than a normal watch might be , but it 's flat enough so that it does n't interfere with clothing . I personally like Skagen 's simple , yet elegant styling that goes well with anything , dress-up or dress-down . Good price , and excellent , fast service .
 I have been searching for a nice dress watch with 2 faces . I travel weekly for work and keeping track of my time zone and home zone is always a mathematical adventure in my head in calling into con calls and meetings.I find this a beautiful watch and a great time device !
 This is a very stylish piece of jewelry that can be worn for dressy occasions as well as everyday use . It has a great security clasp and it 's waterproof . The luminated hands and the sweep second hand are helpful features . With family members on both the Atlantic and Pacific coasts , the dual-time watch is ideal for me . I am super satisfied with this well-crafted time piece !!
 Love the watch it is sleek and very elegant to wear with all clothes ! The metal band and the face of the watch very simple and easy to see for two time zones . The only thing is I have a small wrist and the watch can not be placed down to make it a snug fit on my wrist-but I love it !
 I love these watches in style and use . Only one complaint ... . the mesh band cracked and broke the wiring which damaged one of my favorite travel jackets . Other than that band problem , it is perfect for my use and looks great on my wrist .
 Love this watch . I had it for sometime now , the only problem is the mesh wrist band , one of the link broke .
 This womens ' Skagen watch is a beauty . The photos do not do it justice . It 's elegant enough for evening and but not too blingy to wear everyday . The number are clear and the mesh band and slim lines make it comfortable.The clasp is a little tricky , but with a little bit of fiddling , I was able to adjust the circumference of the band for a comfortable fit.It 's a keeper .
 this watch is gorgeous . my mom has been looking at it for years and finally told me she wanted it but did n't want to spend the money on it , so I bought it for her for christmas and she loved it ! the only issue that I have with it is that to adjust the wristband , you have to move this little pin which is kind of difficult and then put it back before you can close the clasp . It felt like it was going to break when we were pushing it back down , but maybe we just did n't do it right . The face is the best part of this watch , along with the rose colored gold band . Enjoy !
 My wife loves copper , usually in the home , especially the kitchen . For our 2nd anniversary I discovered this gorgeous copper watch and she was blown away . The quality is excellent and the price was right .
 Skagen 's commitment to quality innovative designed watches at affordable prices is well represented with this gem of a timepiece . The perfect combination of rose gold tone bezel and mesh band , along with the mother-of-pearl face make an elegant statement . There are crystal accents around the bezel and even one inserted into the stem , tastefully done . The slide band once you master it , provides easy adjustments for any ladies wrist . Believe me this watch is a knockout and will get noticed at the office or the party scene .
 When I needed a fashionable , inexpensive rose-gold toned watch , this Skagen item fulfilled my needs perfectly . Clasp is a bit of a challenge but was able to adjusted length on my own .
 I recently purchased this watch as a replacement for one that I had bought at Macy 's . The price was comparable to the clearance price at Macy 's and this one actually works !!! I love the way it looks and was so happy to find it here on Amazon .
 I like the Fossil removable links , so I can size my watch without a jeweler . I like the water resistancy , so that I can shower without worry . I like the sleek look.I sometimes have a hard time with viewing the face . Perhaps if the background were n't blue it would be easier , but the glare hides the hands . It generally takes me a bit to figure out what my watch says because of this .
 I love this watch . For the price you can not beat it . I have had it for a year now and have had no trouble with it . Also , I really like the color of the dial . Great watch !
 This is a great watch . I love the look of it , very versatile . I needed a watch with a second counter , which this watch has , so it fit my needs while looking up to date as well . You ca n't beat it for the price you pay .
 This watch was shipped in the original packaging , and although I found it listed on Amazon nearly $ 10 cheaper the next day after I purchased it , it was still a good buy . The background face has a good contrast for viewing on bright sunny days . Also , and most importantly , it has several removable links so that you can size it immediately .
 I 'm currently deployed and this watch is for my wife 's birthday . she has already owned this watch so i know exactly what to expect . I 've always been a fan of fossil and so has my wife , so i know i ca n't go wrong with a fossil . Though her last one got destroyed it was of no fault of fossil . These watches are durable , stylish , and fitting for any attire , and for the price a very good deal . I recommend Fossil brand to any one looking for a new watch .
 This watch , here available at a very good price , is one of ESQ 's finest designs to date . It is sturdy , and well-finished in every detail . The dial is very readable , with a large 2-digit date window , and very handsome , well-balanced hands and register elements against a classy deep navy blue . The crystal is gently curved , and integrates perfectly into the elegant but simple lines of the case as does the high-quality bracelet . This is a smaller watch -LRB- 37mm case -RRB- which is perfect for men with smaller or slender wrists , but despite its diminutive size , it remains very readable and quite masculine . Bracelet sizing is easy and includes two smaller links near the closure to allow for very precise adjustment . Time and date are very easy and quick to adjust thanks to an ample crown and tight , quality movement . As with most good Swiss quartz watches these days , timekeeping is precise and excellent . I 've many watches of various types and this one is an instant favorite . It is meant be worn often , with confidence and pride . If someone was looking for just one watch , of the best quality for the price , and with a design that is both handsome and easy to live with everyday - I would not hesitate to recommend this one -LRB- or a larger version of same for bigger wrists -RRB- . A-plus !!
 Bought this watch because I was looking for a quality brand for a daily knock-around watch . ESQ is a subsidiary of Movado . That may/may not mean anything , but I figure that Movado would at least have some pride and would transfer their long history of excellent watch making to their `` lesser '' brand , ESQ. . Anyway , got the watch and the thing feels like a Rolex - substantive , nice band and excellent craftsmanship . There are a gajillion watches out there that are supposed `` $ $ $ $ Value 's on sale here for $ !! '' but in reality , they 're marketing chum . This ESQ , on the other hand , is a true-blue solid , good watch . Oh - if you 're buying THIS one , note the photo is a little bluer than real life - someone tipped the `` HUE '' up when they were readying the photo for the web . Still , it 's handsome , hefty and at $ 70-90 , a real bargain .
 Very expensive looking.Comes w / limited warranty . Great watch from ESQ which movado makes!GREAT quality as well as price - scored !
 The watch is great . It 's comfortable , functional , and fashionable . However , the light gray digits are difficult to see unless you bring the watch close to your face .
 I bought this for my son . It works fine and holds up to his abuse . It does have a countdown timer that can be set by a boy that likes to push all of the buttons and will make the alarm go off at some odd time . Other than that it is great . Easy to use , easy to read , would definately get it again .
 It 's got a good weight to it , which I realize really means almost nothing when it comes to actually judging the quality of a watch , but they got the weighting just right -- not too heavy , not too light . The dark centerlinks in the band look like their simply painted that way , but after over a month of use , I have yet to see any sign of wearing off . There 's barely any scuffing/marking of the brushed metal of the rest of the band where it rests against the desk while I 'm typing at the keyboard.Time is easy to see , but it 's still `` busy '' enough to look good . It 's masculine without going overboard , and it 's a large watch without being one of those silly looking giant face watches that Invicta loves so much . They look like something Flavor Flav would hang around his neck . This is a much more normal size man 's watch.It 's taken over as my daily wear default choice , and I anticipate it staying that way indefinitely .
 This watch looks a lot more expensive than it is . It looks like a $ 400 watch and costs a little over $ 100 . I have only had it for a couple of months so I can not speak of reliability yet . However , I am very satisfied so far .
 This is my 3rd Invicta watch and I think it is the best of the 3 . The 1st one I purcahsed is the Elite 4894 and loved it from day 1 . This new watch is just as high quality but not as large as many of the Invicta items . It is a nice change from the size and weight of the Elite.A + + +
 I 'll echo some of the other things that have been written : Substantial watch , but not too big . Feels nice on the wrist.Chunky without being bulky or heavy.The date dial is just about useless . And the seconds stopwatch is seconds only , not 1/10th sec.It definitely only glows in the dark for a few minutes , no matter how long you `` prime '' it with light.The band is very nice and the finish of the SS on the whole watch is beautiful.The bezel only moves counterclockwise.So far , in the week that I 've had it , the time has been spot on -LRB- to the second -RRB- . I calibrated it to my system clock after I had had calibrated IT to the Navy atomic clock.I 'd add that the big second hand is only a stopwatch hand . IOW , it remains at 12:00 unless you need a timer . I thought that was a little weird as I 'm used to a moving second hand . Basically , you rely on the 3:00 dial for your moving seconds.I was happy with the watch at $ 126 . I 'd have been even happier at $ 110 . Fit and finish on the watch is top-notch .
 I own several Invictas and this is my favorite . It looks great , has a sapphire crystal and is substantial but not humongous . The Swiss quartz movement is not as nice as having an automatic but it keeps better time . Highly recommended .
 I 'm a big Oris and Tag guy . I was n't sure what to expect from this product but when it arrived I was extremely pleased . Great quality and craftsmanship . I will be purchasing another Invicta watch .
 This watch is big but very nice . The color combination is very nice and elegant .
 The Invicta sports chronograph is a simply beautiful watch to reveal from the packaging . I already own two Invicta dive watches , and was impressed with those , but am even more impressed with this watch . I have to say I was very pleased with the product , particularly for the price . -LRB- I got it for less than currently listed on the Daily Deal -RRB- I currently have a well known Japanese made quartz sport chronograph that is stainless steel tinged with a gold finish and is very handsome , but I needed another watch that did not contain the gold trim , as I wear a significant amount of white gold jewelry . I needed a watch with these functions that would not cost a lot of money , kept good time and was entirely stainless steel or , as this watch is , stainless steel with black accents . In addition , I was looking for a watch that I could wear when going out , as well as on an everyday basis . This watch will fit the bill nicely.The hands are well proportioned and the watch is easy to read . The face is somewhat difficult to read for those without 20/20 vision , but I also have that problem with all chronographs . The bezel does not move in both directions , as the ad states , although for the price I can live with it . The bezel does , however move quite smoothly . The weight of the watch is hefty , without being too heavy and it feels substantial . It is larger than the dive watch I bought from Amazon , and would look funny on a smaller wrist . Finally , the clasp is unusual and very well made . It would be very tough accidentally open the snap and lose the watch , which has happened to me before on cheaper watches.I would say the watch is well worth the money . It is well built and striking to look at .
 I bought this watch for myself right before father 's day , so I 've been wearing it for several weeks . It 's a very nice watch . The embossed finish on the face of the watch is really much more attractive than the photograph indicates and it 's drawn a lot of compliments . This is a massive watch - it 's larger than most men 's watches and it 's very heavy . That being said , it 's not uncomfortable to wear casually . This watch has two date indicators with one easy-to-read number located at the 4 o-clock spot , and also a calendar dial function with 31 tick marks located at the 6 o-clock spot . To me , the dial calendar is useless as it is hard to read and duplicates a function already on the watch . The stop watch buttons feel a bit squishy to me , with no definite ` click ' to indicate stop and start . Also , the stop watch only measures seconds - no tenths . These complaints are minor though . The overall quality of this watch is very high and I believe it to be an excellent value for a swiss watch . I bought it at the amazon sale price and received the 4 year extended warranty for free . Invicta returned the paperwork on the warranty registration in less than one week .
 I have tried a few chronograph watches from different makers , this one was my favorite .
 i own some models of Invicta , this is another great deal , very well designed , maybe it is not available anymore but i am sure you will find one that you may like around amazon
 The watch is great and good looking , but the only thing my husband did n't care for was the big , white lettering on the black dial .
 Had this watch for a few years now , , Works and looks great ! Always get comments on the looks , , the Automatic works great even if not worn or wound daily !
 I own a few automatic watches , and this one keeps the best time by far . Not bad considering that I own others that sell for 6 times the price . One of them is even a certified chronograph . The gold plating still looks good and has not worn through . The only detractors for me ... I wish it had an exhibition back , and the bracklet links are not solid pieces . Still the watch looks very nice and works great .
 I 've had this watch for about 2 months and I really like it . The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is because I have n't owned it long enough to judge its workmanship . This is my third Skagen and the others work and look fine too.I got this dual time zone watch because I live in Hawaii and my colleagues are on both coasts . I also travel , so this is great to have .
 I have to ammend this review . The weakness in the design is the watch band . There are two small screws that hold the band on and they wear thru the leather causing the band to fall off . After one year I am now faced with ordering a second replacement band . I find this disappointing since this is not even the watch my husband wears every day . We will see what Skagen has to say about it because they are getting a protest letter and not just a band replacement order next.Original review
 I bought this watch as a replacement of a dual-faced Skagen I purchase several years ago . I like this one even better .
 The watch is very elegant . Its very sleek , small and thin . The mother of pearl dial is very shiny too . The reason I gave it a 4 star is because the watch I received for the first time was defective and did not work properly even once . I got it exchanged and the new one works perfectly .
 This is a lovely thin-faced watch which goes really well with rose gold jewelry . I have also seen it described as copper-colored but rose gold is a better fit . Lovely little diamond accents on the compass points and a pretty shell face make this watch glisten . Easy to adjust band and very comfortable to wear .
 I purchased 2 of these watches , this one with the gold face and also the one with the red face . I have the same concern with both watches that pertain to the band . The tiny ` arm ' that inserts into the holes appears to be very fragile , like a thin piece of plastic instead of metal . The watch itself is great . I like the size , design , and terrific color of both watches , but again , if the tiny ` arm ' in the band snaps I doubt if a replacement band can be easily found .
 After reading the reviews about this watch and what others had to say , I took a gamble and ordered it , It 's only $ 16 so why not ? The watch is immaculate ! As soon as I pulled it out of the box the gold face just shines ! Setting the time and date were a cinch and the band is a little bit stiff but it needs time to adapt to your wrist . It 's only a plus that the watch battery lasts up to 10 years ? You cant beat that.Overall it 's a good buy and would recommend this watch !
 There were a lot of nice watches to pick from . I found this brown analog to nicely fit in my collection , thank you .
 This is a great watch the dials texture @ the hands make this watch so great looking im sure i will buy more .
 I buy this watch base on a previous purchase . i bought the Casio men 10-year battery red dial , i received the item on time and in good condition.this watch is fashionable you can use this watch as a dress watch or a sport watch , and to crown it of the battery life is ten years which is superb , you don , t have to worry about battery for ten yrs.GOOD BUY .
 I have had this watch for sometime now ; wear it almost daily and it still looks new . I am allergic to metal so was a little apprehensive about purchasing but I have had no reactions to this one . Included links made it easy to adjust to the perfect fit .
 The watch is beautiful and works perfectly . Great value for the money . Shipping was prompt and packaging was appropriate for gift giving .
 I just wanted to make a quick review about how pretty this watch is ! It is so much nicer than the picture can show . I thought maybe the fake diamonds would not look great-but they do . The mother of pearl face is lovely . The pooh picture is adorable ! Great price . I just love it !
 My wife wants another one already ! She loved it . Came exactly as pictured on the link . Great for anyone who loves Pooh .
 I ordered this for my wife who is a pooh nut . This is her 3rd Pooh watch . She said it is just the right size . It is n't as large as it looks in the picture , but it is very cute . Nice price but shipping was slow .
 I ordered this as a little gift for me while holiday shopping and love it ! It is classy and fun and can be worn with many things .
 This watch is not nearly so dreadful as what other reviewers have whined about . Au contraire ! 1 -RRB- Accuracy -- I set this watch when I got it as a pre-Christmas present in November . It has varied only a few seconds since .2 -RRB- Alarm accuracy -- I do n't see the problem . It 's an analog dial , for Heaven 's sake
 Just got this watch yesterday , and I am very pleased with it . It is very attractive , and the photos on here are accurate . I love the leather strap , and the size is just perfect for me . I was was looking for a replacement watch , and one with an alarm and calendar . However , when I saw this watch at Amazon , I immediately liked it 's look . Owning it has not changed that impression.Yes , the alarm is too soft to wake me from my sleep , but good enough to set for meetings , reminders , etc. . The alarm is not spot-on accurate , but within 5 minutes , and from my testing , always early , rather than late . So , although I will still need an alarm clock , I am not complaining too much . Took off 1/2 star for that.I would have given it 5 stars , but I do n't think anything is perfect . The lack of a calendar does not take away from the rating , since I knew this before I bought it . It just means that I will probably rely on my cell phone for the alarm and the date/time . It is certainly worth the price.Update
 I have numerous schedule appointments during the day , and I prefer not to use the cell phone alarm feature as it 's too distracting . The alarm function of the watch is personal .
 This is a nice looking watch . I 've had it for about a month now and it keeps perfect time . I have received numerous comments on how attractive it is . Overall a great watch for the price .
 its look like very niceand the price is very good for this productwe need more like this stylethank you
 Hi!It is my Christmas gift to myself : - -RRB- It reached my in 4 days and it is not used of course , I was the one who opened it first . The swarovsky cyrstals are great and are just what I wished.I advise everyone who likes butterflies ... the butterflies are red and pink , looks great in sunshine.Wish you a merry Christmas ... ByeYesim
 Brought it for my daughter and she loved it.She loves pink and butterflies . Sandra
 I had another blue faced fossil watch a while back . It has really been a good watch . I wore it to work so many times that it got all scratch up , so I hunted for another blue faced watch until I came across this one . It 's perfect ! I also own a brown faced watch and like that just as well !
 Most PDAs are easier to forget , loose , or break than this unit appears to be . That is why I was willing to pay for a Fossil FX2008 Wrist PDA . Sure , I could buy a Palm OS PDA with more and newer features . What good would it do if I forget it at home or broke it in my pocket?If you do not like the stylus in the watch band , you can buy a combination pen/stylus . That is what I did and it works for me . Then you still have the stylus in the band for emergency.Someone inventive could put the body in a hard case and turn it into a pocket watch/PDA . I know of no other Palm OS PDA that is as small in diameter.I am never without my watch , so now I am never without a PDA .
 I will buy itbut what is the difference betweenFossil 's FX expensive series & and its Abacus AU low-priced series ? They are of the same functions !! same system !!
 this watch is by all means cool , but it would be better if it weighed about 3 oz . less and had a built in stopwatchi love how all the apps for previious palms work on it and people are instantly impressed by its features.the worst things aresizeweightB & W ; screen
 Another review asked why this one is more expensive than the other one . I THINK it may be because this one ships from Amazon , and the other from TigerDirect . Other than that , I think functionality is the same , although I believe Fossil offers several different bands .
 The Bulova Marine Star chronograph is a nice quartz chronograph . I 've had it for about 10 years now . It has a solid case , polished links and is water resistant to 100 meters . it 's got a beautifully detailed ivory face and Roman numerals . It 's got three blue sub-dials for the chronograph for the sub-second , minutes and hours . My one glaring complaint is that the hour and minute markers are very thin and hard to see , especially against the blue sub-dials .
 i HAVE HORSES AND ANYTHING THAT HAS TO DO WITH HORESE i LOVE - i WEAR THIS WHEN i HAVE WESTERN WEAR ON -- LOVE IT
 for my daughter ! She loves it and has heard many compliments .
 I love it . Its an excellent watch in design and machine . thanks . A great fashion watch !!!
 Having been a previous Tissot owner , I was looking for a quality upgrade and found it ! This is a great watch at a reasonable price for what you are getting . All of the functions are slick and great to have . The Thermometer is not as accurate because the temperature is a combination of the air and your skin temperature . Slick watch .
 My husband is a mail carrier & needed an inexpensive watch for work . This has been a great watch for that purpose , but I must say that he sometimes keeps it on in place of his dress watch when we go out . He loves the watch and no one would ever know by looking at the watch that it was so inexpensive . My husband has always had a problem with watches being way to large for his wrist & this expansion band fit 's him perfectly without having to have adjustments from a jeweler . Great watch at a great price .
 I own this watch , and a friend 's daughter admired it . A little gold ... a little silver . . a little sparkle . Gave it for college grad gift and was a huge hit as she gets ready to join the work force .
 I bought this watch as a gift for my wife and she liked too much . The watch is very nice , more than it seemn on the picture , and cheap .
 This is a really good watch . I especially like how easy the features are to use . The special event alarm has so many possible events listed its crazy . The countdown repeat timer is the feature I like the most . It is especially handy when I am ill and need to remind myself when to take my medications . The alarm sounds and starts counting down again automatically so I stay on schedule . I recently discovered that each alarm has its own particular chime so I can differentiate between them . The Flix feature is handy when driving at night . You just flic your wrist and the backlight comes on , no button to find first . It was a good purchase except I later found it $ 4.00 cheaper at Target a couple weeks after I received it . That was a bummer . Oh well : -RRB-
 Bought this for my hubby . It 's everything he needs in a watch
 I would definitely recommend this watch to anyone . I have seen it for twice as much as I paid .
 This watch is a very nice , not too big , Ironman model . I would n't call it small , just not ` hulking ' like some watches . I had a similar watch , but not the FLIX version . It also did not have some of the functions this one has.When the time changed this fall I discovered that the SET function on my old Timex no longer worked . The watch was only about 1.5 years old , out of the 1 year warranty period , so I was out of luck.I really liked that watch so I bought this similar one . I was not terribly impressed with the look of this watch in the Amazon picture , but I think it looks great on my wrist . This also has the FAST WRAP band , which I had to purchase separately for my last Timex . I am a big fan of the FAST WRAP band.The FLIX system works , but I ca n't really see a need for it myself . You can read about it in the description or on the Timex website.I 'll need to read the instructions and take some time to see whether or not the other functions are useful , but the reason I had to have another Timex is for the multiple alarm function . As far as I know they are the only brand with daily/weekday/weekend alarms . Other manufacturers really should begin offering this.I only gave it 4 stars because my last Timex failed far too early , and that is the only way I can judge longevity of my new watch . If it `` takes a lickin ' and keeps on tickin ' '' then this watch is everything I could really ask for . If it fails in 1.5 years , like my last Timex , then this will truly be my last Timex.EDIT 3.27.2009 : The watch failed this week , at just over one year , like my last Timex . That makes it official - THIS IS MY LAST TIMEX . EVER.Like my previous Timex , I liked the size , function -LRB- especially the alarms -RRB- and style of this watch . But , like my other Timex , it failed at just over a year.This time I bought a Casio G-Shock .
 I needed a watch to keep time when running and other timed events for ROTC training . This watch is great for that .
 It 's very comfortable , and looks great . I 'm used to wearing nicer , metal watches ... but I 've received many compliments as to how nice this watch looks.Now I just need to start working out to really use it . ha !
 i always read all the amazon.com reviews , good and bad , when i 'm researching a purchase . the reviews on this watch made it clear the thing would do exactly what i needed it to do and no more , no less . i do n't NEED a GPS or a pedometer , i only need a chronometer and standard watch , to time splits and overall , up to 30 splits i think , so it 's great for marathon training . it 's -LSB- pretty -RSB- easy to navigate the screens while running , and certainly easy enough to read , even for an old metal head like me.if you do n't need the fancy bells and whistles , go for this one . -LSB- i know you do n't need them , or you would n't be looking in this price range , now would you ? -RSB-
 This watch is the perfect `` nobody notices it '' watch . It is low profile , black , doesnt stand out , and I feel comfortable wearing it at work , event , tradeshow , working out , or out and about . Has perfect size digital numbers for time , date , and day.It has all the functions I needed , stopwatch , timer/countdown , and 3 alarms -LRB- which are loud enough to wake you up ! -RRB- I dont care much for the `` occasions reminders '' for birthdays or whatever , with pda and outlook , I dont need it , but it has it.I like the locking loop for the wrist band that clicks in so it doesnt slip out.Great watch , not bold and in your face , sleek an clean looking , and the biggest thing of all for me , was not a huge plastic watch-thing on my wrist . not bulky . I am average size , I love the G-shock watches , but they are to bulky on me.Flix setting is cool on this watch , ez to use .
 This watch is very well made and the functions are all easy to use and intuitive . I have had Ironman watches before but this one seems better thought out .
 My husband absolutely loved this watch that I gave him for Christmas . It is perfect for his runs !
 It does what they say it will . The 3 time zones are very helpful when traveling . It keeps good time . I like the countdown function - helps to remind me when time is up . The Ironman logo on the glass is distracting , but this is the only thing I can complain about.I have had several Ironman watches and I love them . The main downside has been the loop on the watchband . They always break and the end of the band sticks out . This has a different design for the loop , so hopefully it wo n't break as quickly.Update May09Well , the loop on the band broke a couple months ago . I still love the watch , but hate the band on all the Timex Ironman plastic bands .
 the watch is very accurate , I have two of them , both are equally accurate about 2 ~ 3 seconds fast per month . Both of my Timex Ironman are of the same accuracy , a tiny bit faster by standard time , which is desirable.the battery lasts very long , one of mine is already 3 years and still going strong.Waterproof and nothing to complain about . I do n't need so many functions like GPS or solar , I just need a reliable watch on the field , and this is the perfect one.The strap will need to be replaced every 3 years or so if it 's out in the sun frequently . Overall , I love it .
 I wanted to write this review because of my immense satisfaction with this product . It is perhaps the best purchase I have made on Amazon . The watch comes with several settings including Chronograph , Timer , Occasion reminder , and 3 alarms . It has indiglo -LRB- without flix -RRB- but you can set it so that the indiglo light will come on with every button push . I was looking for a watch with these features , but most especially that the watch face would be easy to read while running without squinting and that it would not overwhelm my female arm . It does in fact meet this criteria and is the perfect size . I also swim with the watch and wear it in the shower regularly but have not experienced fog or an issue with water getting inside the watch . I only push buttons when I have emerged from the water -LRB- not while underwater -RRB- . Overall , I have had the watch for six months - I really enjoy its durability and features .
 Its a good watch , good display , like the indiglo light . Take the time to learn the functions so you can use the stopwatch , timer , alarm , without having to go to the instructions constantly and you will get more use out of it .
 I had been juggling with the idea of getting a watch for a while , I had no idea what I wanted . With work and a budget in mind I wanted something cheaper that could take a beating , I kept telling myself that pulling my phone out of my pocket just to check the time would suffice ... and then the Nutnfancy video came out for these , if you 're a TNP ' r you can probably guess what happened next . No problems so far , will update if any arise .
 Slim fitting watch . not likely to get hung up on things has three alarms . mine was definitely water proof . easy to program .
 I 've owned this watch for over five years and it still works like a champ . Although I 've had to replace the band a couple of times , the watch itself is still in good shape . In my opinion this is a perfect watch for athletes -- especially for swimming , biking , running , triathlon , etc. . It is lightweight , has a nice stopwatch , alarm , indiglo lighting , and is fairly heavy duty for a cheap watch . I have recently been looking for a watch to replace but decided to stick with this one -- no need to mess with success . Great watch .
 An excellent watch for daily wear . It has all the bells and whistles -LRB- actually electronic beeps -RRB- that you expect in a non-dress digital watch , plus it is lighter and thinner than my last Ironman -LRB- which failed when the rubber cover over a button tore -RRB- . Not for dress up occasions , but for banging around -- works fine . Also legible numbers , which are a plus with my failing eyes .
 The push buttons work very smoothly in moving from function to function . Best feature is the multiple alarms which can be daily , weekly , monthly , or yearly . I used to have a Casio databank watch for years which had more sophisticated alarm features that included an 11 character user-defined readout for the multiple alarms you could set for any day in the year . Casio does n't make these anymore . That is why i switched to a Timex , as Timex is the next best thing . It has a larger clearer display and the indiglo night light feature illuminates wonderfully . It is a great watch for the price and has proven durable with rough usage .
 I have had this watch for 4 years . I have never had to change the battery . It is very user intuitive , and has some great features like the ability to increment and decrement numbers so you do n't have to go all the way around . It is stylish and comfortable . I wear it all the time . The only down side is the strap . The strap does n't last as long as the watch , and will tear eventually . I replaced mine after 1.5 years . Replacements cost 1/3 the cost of the watch if you can find them . You can call Timex and buy a replacement from them if you ca n't find them anywhere else.Finally , my seals have gone bad , and moisture was able to get into the watch while I was showering with it on . I am going to buy another one of these because I liked it so much . 4 years is more than enough for me to get my money 's worth from this watch . The face was getting scratched up , but the rest of the watch looked almost new . I 'm going to put some packing tape on the face of the next one to keep the face scratch free .
 This item replaced Timex 's old 30 lap ironman . whats good to note about this model over the old one is there are 3 different alarms you can set individually . This is a great quality watch that is durable and combat proven . Battery last about 2 yrs
 It has been over a decade since I last owned an Ironman , and the advances , while subtle , make for an even more intuitive product . The chronograph -LRB- stop watch -RRB- is great for running and biking , while the timer -LRB- countdown -RRB- is great for timing workouts and breaks in the gym . In addition , the ability to have multiple time zones , alarms and event reminders makes for a watch that has a place outside of exercise . Do n't like every feature ? You an HIDE whatever function you do n't regularly use ! On top of it all , the all-black color , with pops of red and a smooth band makes for a sleek looking piece . At around $ 30 , for this class of fitness watch , the Ironman is the best on the market .
 This watch is rally easy to use and inexpensive.Modest size and useful functions features this products.I 'd like to buy this watch again .
 This is the best watch for the money . This is my 3rd Ironman 30 Lap . They are virtually indestructible . I only upgrade when the battery gets low after about 4 years . I 've tried other watches for a few months between 30 laps , but ca n't find anything I like as much and keep going back . Thinner than most . Forward and backward setting of times and alarms - you do n't have to go ` around the horn ' to set your alarm for 10 minutes earlier . Great features , accurate , and tough .
 This watch is very good at doing what it says it does . The multiple alarms -LRB- 3 -RRB- are really useful . The watch is slightly improved for the triathlon I had in the early 90s . Although it is a digital watch , it does n't look too ostentatious . My favorite thing about this watch is that you can replace the strap if it breaks , which is not the case on the newer sleek-style timex watches -LRB- also I do n't really like the way they look -RRB- .
 this is a fantastic watch . i had a previous generation of ironman watch before and was so happy with it . did n't have to replace the battery in 5 years and the only reason i bought a new one was because the band was cracking . i heavily used that watch , and now this one . i am in a profession where i am constantly logging times , so i always have it on if i am awake . i have used this one for a little over 6 months now and the only useful difference in this one and the old generation 's is that it has multiple alarms you can set . i do n't use them , but it is a nice feature if you need to use multiple alarms . as with the previous ironman i had , i am extremely happy . you really ca n't go wrong with this type of watch , the only difference in the models is the color ... . have fun ! excellent product .
 I 've used a lot of running watches , and just retired my all-time favorite -LRB- an unnamed , competitive brand -RRB- which is too pricey to replace . This is my first Ironman in quite a few years . Purchased it online without viewing in a store first.Pros : * Intuitive , easy-to-learn functional interface . * Ability to hide unused features so you do n't needlessly scroll through them when pressing the Mode button -LRB- e.g. I 've hidden the Occasion feature -RRB- . * Start/split button is centrally located and easy to press on the run . * A small band clips into the end of the loose strap , neatly securing it so the strap end does n't flop around . * Comfortable on wrist . * Not slim , but not overbearing either . Suitable for wearing all-day , while working or working out.Cons : * The `` Ironman Triathalon '' logo at the top of the watch face is distracting -LRB- Timex should remove it -RRB- . * Black digits against gray background are a bit difficult to read at a glance or in low light -LRB- e.g. I 'd prefer white digits on a black background , or black digits on a light/white blackground -RRB- . Bottom line
 I bought this watch grudgingly since another Timex I lusted for was no longer availible . This watch has perfect sized digits to read close up or far away , the indigo light gives just the right amount of glow without straining nor upsetting your eyes , the band is very durable I work delivering boxes and have had both the watch and band banged and mistreated with no visible signs of wear and tear even on the face . It is pretty easy to use and the instructions are very clear . I love the date and day being displayed as well as being able to put it in military time . A durable little watch at a great buy .
 My second one of these . I bought one four years ago , the battery still works but the strap broke so I just bought a new one last year . Great easy to read large face . I take it to the gym with me , I surf with it , hike , swim , and play soccer with it on . very practical beater watch , way better than the huge clunky g shocks with the tiny screens . Night light works great . Ca n't beat it for the price .
 I had a hard time deciding whether I should rate this Watch 4 Or 5 Stars.My criteria
 This watch is great , nice big very clear display , stopwatch , 3 time zones , night mode feature , daily-weekday-weekend alarms , occasions ... How can I be reminded of an occasion is I have to actively check the occasion mode to see if theres an occasion.Night mode makes it so no matter which button you press the light turns on , is this for when your reseting your watch during a blackout at night ? is it really so hard to press the button that turns the light on ?
 I had another Ironman watch , a midsize that was black and grey . This fullsize one is a little different - seems to have more features and has a more flexible band . It also seems more comfortable while running . I realy like the all black with a bit of red appearance . The multi-colored watches just seem a bit less serious and maybe less ` manly ' .
 I am really happy with this watch . It was easy to adjust to fit my wrist ... you can just remove a link if you need to make it smaller . It 's a great looking watch !
 My Fiance sleeps dead-like and snoozes her alarm 10 times without this watch . She sets the 8 alarms on the watch at 5 min intervals before her alarm clock goes off . It helps a lot and she does wake up better.The watch band just broke and I can not find a replacement , but I 'm going to a local store to see if I can find some thing close that I 'll modify to fit . The band did last for about 2 years.I would recommend this watch as a wakeup if your partner gets up early as mine does at 4am . This silent alarm has solved a lot of bickering !
 Purchased this watch as a celebratory gift for myself and was not disappointed . Bulova has always impressed me with it 's quality and beauty . With the watch being dual tone I can where any jewelry that I want , the battery life is phenomenal , and when I had to have size adjusted the links came out for a perfect fit . Many of the reasons Bulova will be the only brand I continue to buy .
 Large text size makes it easy to read , and it actually reminds you how to reset it if you forget how ! Timer , alarm , pulse , water resist , all the features I wanted , except for ... day of week . The picture shows day of week in the display , but it is n't on my actual watch . Instead , the month abbreviation is spelled out -LRB- e.g. JUL -RRB- . Still , a great watch for the price .
 The first watch I received was defective , but Amazon replaced it very quickly . It 's a really nice watch for traveling , or an active lifestyle . I used it for snorkeling and had no problems with the water . The numerals are large enough that I 'm able to read them even without my glasses and the indiglo is great for checking the time after dark !
 I really like the size and color of this watch . It has great featureas and is very easy to set . I always buy Timex watches for my running as the price is right and they are very durable watches and last a long time .
 The price was great ! It came in good condition . I can see numbers great and just easy to set and use for timer and stopwatch.I think this is my favorite watch I have ever had .
 I have had this watch since June 2008 -LRB- 41/2 months -RRB- . My last Timex had a similar band that disintegrated after a year and a half . I hate these integral watch bands ! I need a digital watch with a timer because my toddler needs transition time -LRB- `` Three minutes then we have to go home from the park ! '' -RRB- . I bought it in a stylish periwinkle blue because I get tired of the ugly gray and black bands , many digital watches have . The band is comfortable and I do n't have to take it off to shower , etc , but it has turned from blue to an ugly greenish gray color . So , even though the watch works fine , I will have to buy a new watch because it looks awful . I do n't want all the features as on an Ironman Timex , and my husband has forbidden me from buying a cheap watch of another brand because the instructions never work to set it . PLEASE TIMEX , MAKE THIS SAME WATCH WITH THE ABILITY TO CHANGE THE BAND !
 Nothing extraordinary to note about the watch . The watch is reasonably priced and does just what I need done . I have seen no deficiencies with this watch .
 Margie 's review
 I love this watch . It has all the functions that I need - alarm , stopwatch , timer , and pulse , and it 's waterproof . It 's very easy to use . I would n't buy any other watch .
 She runs College XC and indoor/outdoor track and is real `` picky '' about her watches . She really likes this watch . She has a tiny wrist and it fits perfect . It is just the right size . I have sent many watches back and she has n't taken this watch off since Christmas !!
 beautiful and exquisite mother of pearl watch . i love skagen , anyways . they 've got excellent and unique quality watches . i own two women 's wrist watches , all bought from amazon .
 I am very pleased with my new watch . A friend of mine has a Skagen and I liked hers so much that I decided to get one for myself . I get so many compliments on my watch . I love shopping on line at Amazon.com . So many things to look at and buy .
 I bought this with the need to always know two different timezones . It does this and more . I typically subject my watches to some pretty extreme conditions and use and it 's held up to all of it . I would recommend this to everyone , especially aviators .
 I purchased this watch for my friend and he loves it . He has a lot of watches and this is one of his favorites . I too have seen the watch and like the quality and style .
 Timex comes through again . A good sport watch for the price . Easy on/off . Fairly easy to set . I really just needed a comfortable watch with a timer for travel . This fits the bill . Also a nice size for women .
 I have had this for more than a year , I think . I really like it ! It was inexpensive but does not look or feel cheap and has plenty of features . It is a pretty blue , comfortable , and has yet to show any scratches or marks . I have used it while swimming in a pool and at the beach and while playing moderate intensity sports . Perfect for a casual or sports watch .
 This is a good watch , easy to read and operate . Great for the gym where I can time my work outs .
 I have had this watch about 2 weeks . I had the old version for about 14 years and the band -LRB- original -RRB- finally broke . I enjoy the upgrades of the watch and how much easier the time is to set . I use it for running and volunteer work where it gets wet often . Recommend for anyone .
 I thought I 'd try this watch , since I work the health field and constantly have my hands in water . It works great . Water proof and the time is large enough to see . I would recommend this to anyone who is constantly washing their hands or assisting -LRB- in hospitals or nursing homes -RRB- those who need help with bathing , etc. . .
 Great watch , easy to set , easy to read display yet nice compact size for womens wrist . Can get it wet without worry
 I 've had this watch for about four months now , and it has been great . The alarm function and light are nice features . Also , the stop watch comes in handy . If you 're just looking for a basic watch with the basic features , there is no need to buy anything more expensive or fancier than this .
 I hate the look of digital watches , but have found that I kind of need one , especially for the beeping timer and alarm functions . This one is priced well and is nice and small . It 's still a digital watch though , so it 's not going to be the most attractive thing ever . Good quality and you ca n't beat the price .
 I bought this watch for my European trip because the dual time zone . Actually right now I wear it everyday . It is light and easy to read -LRB- digital instead of hands -RRB- and it is also durable and water resistant when you do your housework .
 I really like the watch overall . BUT , it 's not really blue like the picture shows . It 's more purple , like a periwinkle color . Luckily , I like the color ... Just not as much as I would have liked the one in the picture . Everything else about it is as described . I 'm just a little disappointed in the color .
 been wearing it to work for a few weeks and it seems pretty durable . I really like the color-even more so than the picture . I have n't used any of the alarms so ca n't give any input on that , but i love that it shows the date and day of the week on the face . the indiglo does stay on for a bit so it 's not good to use when trying to be discreet - i.e. in a movie theater . i think it was definitly worth the money .
 I really like this watch . It has a timer , stopwatch and alarm , plus two time zones . The timer is n't as loud as some other brands and the real drawback is when the watch band wore out I was n't able to replace it because of its unique design . I like the way the back lights up behind the numbers . That makes it easier to read then when the numbers just light up .
 This is an excellent , affordable watch to wear while working in hot , humid situations without worry of damage to watch . I use it while working around/riding horses and gardening . Do n't have to worry about it getting bumped , dirt-covered or wet ! It cleans up well and the band is non-absorbent resin . It IS a little tricky fastening/unfastening with one hand when compared to a `` fast-wrap '' velcro band but the easy cleanup and odor-free aspects make it desirable for certain uses !!
 No problems with this watch . It 's simple and practical and i like the non-fussy design . It 's comfortable enough and i 've used it both in a heavy downpour and when swimming laps and no problems with the waterproofing . The stop watch feature takes a little getting used to the right buttons to press but it 's not difficult . I 'd recommend it to anyone who is after a simple and functional watch that is n't too bulky and looks fine .
 I got this watch for my eight year old son . I would absolutely buy it again . It works just as well as watches costing twice as much .
 I read the reviews and bought this watch thinking it a great investment since I needed a durable watch that I did n't have to worry about and would last a long time . The watch has lived up to all of my expectations and I love it !!!! I never worry about it getting wet since it is waterproof and I keep it on all of the time . I would recommend it to anyone !!!!
 This watch was exactly what I was looking for ! Great for outdoors , nice color , and the wrist band is a nice width !
 I 'm rough on my running watches , which I generally never take off , so I do n't blame the manufacturer when they only last a couple of years . I have had a number of Timex running watches since my first `` Timex Marathon '' -LSB- the `` Mary Decker '' -RSB- in 1984 , and have found them to be accurate , durable , and the stopwatch function easy to use.I especially like that Timex makes sports watches in a `` medium '' size -- they do n't call them `` women 's '' , but that 's what they are.This watch was easy to set upon its arrival , and can be looked at in the dark because of the `` indiglo '' feature which is now apparently standard on Timex sports watches.Sports watches do n't change much from year to year anymore , so it 's great to get one which may be last year 's model and save some money .
 I will admit I have only had it one day but so far I love it . The color is great . It was n't difficult to program ONCE you read the directions . I like the 2nd time zone and the fact that it has a timer AND a stopwatch . Date and day of week show but with a quick push of the top right button one can see the month as well . I like the beep at the hour . Helps keep me on track . I plan to wear every day except for dressier functions .
 I love the color and sporty look of this watch . I also love the Indiglo feature . It does both things I need it to
 Nice watch . Easy to use and arrived in less than 2days with 2day shipping . Also a nice color , I plan to wear it not only during workouts but during the day with a casual look .
 I purchased this watch when my Timex Marathon watch 's band decided to quit me . I bought this and though oh it does n't have all the bells and whistles that the other watch has . I was amazed it has the date and time as well two alarms and a light . That is what I need . This has been a extremely durable watch I have only had to replace the battery once . The color blends for a sports watch . This is a great little watch . Timex takes a licking but keeps on ticking for me .
 Just purchased this as a replacement for my wife 's broken timex watch . Arrived well packaged and works perfectly . Thanks again amazon !
 i am very pleased with the timex 1440 women 's sport watch . it is perfect for the water , and very sweet looking.i got one for myself , and then ordered one for a friend , who also loves it .
 I started to rated some items today only because of this watch , I bought some others watches from others brands , I was really disappointed for one in special that did n't last more than 2 weeks.In the case of this Timex T5J131 1440 Sports Digital Watch the quality is amazing , literally the best watch I ever bought . This was a gift for a full of energy 12 years old teenager , he received the watch and started to wear it immediately 8 months ago and he never takes it off , he takes showers with the watch and the final test of quality was during our vacations in the beach ... yeah he never takes the watch off not even when caching waves in the sea.Timex is a proof of best quality with a low price and a really good stylish design .
 I 've had this watch for three years now , and it 's still working splendidly . This was actually my first Amazon purchase . This is the most comfortable watch I own , and it fits my wrist perfectly . It has a bit of a rubbery feel , which feels nice . It is very durable , so if you drop it , you do n't have to worry about it breaking or anything.My favorite feature would have to be the indigo light . It 's not too harsh , and it wo n't attract much attention in a dark setting , but you would be able to view the time clearly.So , the key features on the watches are : - indiglo blue light - day of the week as well as the date - water resistance - alarm - stopwatch functionAs far as watches go , this one is pretty straight-forward . It 's pretty easy to set up the stopwatch and the alarm feature , though I do n't use them too often . The watch comes with a manual , so it 's pretty easy to figure out . Overall , I 'm very happy with this purchase and I would recommend this watch .
 I love the color , the way it fits and looks . It is perfect for me because I swim every day and go snorkeling several times a year .
 At first , I did not like that this watch was kinda purply blue , but it was fine . I did n't have to get used to it because it is actually a nice color . It is comfortable enough and is a nice size . However , the buttons are really hard to use , but maybe that is because its supposed to be waterproof . I have n't tested the waterproofness yet . Kind of afraid to ... haha ! Also , I do n't like that I ca n't turn of the beeping sound that it makes whenever you push a button . Pretty annoying . If anyone knows how to turn off the beeping , let me know !
 Gift for my daughter , and she loves its . Keeps great time and got here fast , She is really enjoying all its features .
 I give these watches to less fortunate hard working kids . They love them and wear them every day . Great gifts .
 + comfortable + large enough display + good features + love the watch band color - night light could be brighter and stay on longer
 I 've NEVER had a bad experience with a Timex ; and this purchase just continued the good relationship . I ended up in the hospital with a broken hip and did not want to keep an expensive watch with me , so I went to Amazon and got this one . Even though I had read a couple of bad reviews I took a chance anyway ... and was sooooo glad I did . Anyone who can read can figure out how to set it - quickly . The time is large and very easy to read -LRB- I have a few vision problems -RRB- ; the date is extremely helpful in here , where you tend to lose track of time ; the night light is wonderful and I do n't have to wake up my room-mate by turning on the light in the middle of the night . It is attractive , fits well , the color is classy and I wear it &#34; ALL &#34; the time - even in the shower - with no problems at all . I would recommend this to everyone and would purchase it again if I had to .
 I love this watch and the color . Runs excellent and fits nice on the wrist . I will order more watches in different colors in the spring .
 Works well , is n't to complicated to set -LRB- always a nice thing -RRB- I have small wrists and it actually fits -LRB- on the tightest hole -RRB- but at least it fits . It is very hard for me to find a watch that has a band that fits . It 's not a fancy watch but I think it is well worth the few dollars it cost .
 Timex always have give joy to me . One of its products was my first watch . My wife likes this T5J131 a lot .
 Good fast service , packed well . I figured out how to set time and nowI 'm happy . I will tell friends of your company ... great prices too , thank you so much , san diego
 My wife is 67 and loves a watch that she can see and has a light . This one is great .
 The watch was easy to set . The alarm is not too loud . I like the color and the fit is good . I have a small wrist and sometimes the excess band on watches comes loose and flaps around . But this watch is designed well enough to hold down the band . I 'm very pleased with the product and do n't hesitate to recommend it .
 i like the watch , its a pretty color and you ca n't go wrong with timex . Would buy this again .
 This watch is great . The numbers are easily seen . I love that I can wash my hands which I have to frequently and not worry about getting my watch wet .
 This Timex watch has a mid-size bezel , which means it is extremely comfortable to wear and once on the wrist you will forget you have it on . For ladies with a larger wrist the strap is plenty long , very comfortable , and it does not pinch.The time read out is extremely clear and easy to read , especially for a night shift RN , and the alarm is wonderfully simple to program , not only for me , but also for my 14-year-old daughter , both of us are ADD . I LOVE the soft blue indiglo back light , which is not harsh on the eyes at night.The BEST feature is the water resistance up to 165 feet . I come home from work , get into the shower , and never worry about whether or not I am wearing the watch . I also love the new colors . This one is a cool muted , ocean blue . There are many other colors available.Ironically , I might not have tried this watch had I not been surfing late one night and accidentally ordered this watch in my sleep . I had my one-click set up and must have dozed off and hit the button with my mouse . I even ordered it over night shipping and I hardly do that for anything I REALLY want for myself ! -LRB- laughing -RRB-
 This watch is exactly what I was looking for . It is a small , pretty , functional watch that is quite durable . It has plenty of features , but is not extremely complicated . The color is slightly lighter and more purpley then it is in the pictures .
 I am a female runner for many years and have owned numerous sport watches . I purchased this one just to use for my runs and other sport activities . I like this one a lot for timing my runs . It is easy to use and the display is easy to read . I do not wear it as an everyday watch as I find it too bulky .
 I just bought my second blue-grey Timex 1440 sports watch for about $ 15 -- a great price for a very light weight , comfortable watch that lights up and has a stopwatch and alarm function . This model and a similar one come in lavender , grey , and other colors . The color is subdued and goes with everything a person who looks good in denim blue should have in her wardrobe.The buttons to set the time and alarm are kind of hard to push , and the method for changing time is not that straightforward so hang on to the instructions.Note of caution
 I really like this watch . The watch is lightweight and the color is true to the color portrayed in the picture . The Indiglo feature stays on for a second or two without the need to hold it ; a vast improvement over older Indiglo products I 've owned . It 's exactly what I wanted .
 This is a great buy , and it works great . Its color is nice , and comes in a very convenient size and at an excellent price . The features -LRB- alarm etc. . . -RRB- are very useful too .
 I bought this watch as a replacement for my daughter 's old one . It took some time to get the functionality to work as described ; however , we eventually got it working and it works fine . She did mention the band will take some getting use to . I think it is a nice watch ; however , she prefers the ones that have the velcro strap for adjusting .
 I have worn Timex digital watches for years and this one is as good as all of the rest . I have gotten several compliments on it appearance , also .
 buen reloj a buen precio , ideal para ni & ntilde ; os y adolescentes . Lo recomiendo , muy buen precio .
 I bought this watch for running . It fits snug , is easy to use and had features I either missed or forgot about -LRB- i.e. 50 m resistance to water -RRB- . Love the stopwatch , alarm and the fact that it gives the day of the week along with the date.I love the color , too ! Thanks !
 I loved this watch so much that when I lost the first one I went right online and purchased the exact same one . Color is true to the picture and it is easy to use .
 We bought this Timex watch for our 9 and 7 years girls , they like the color , dolid built , great gifts : -RRB-
 I bought this watch as a back up watch and am pleaed with its appearance and its fit . Ca n't beat the price .
 Easy to use , ideal features , and exactly what I had come looking for -LRB- and then some -RRB- . I needed a new sports watch , mainly for use with exercising , but also for everyday wear . So far , so great !
 Good quality & functions for all the things my 7 , 12 , & 13 year olds wanted it for . Fun colors too !
 This is a great watch . I bought it for SCUBA diving and for the indiglo feature . I dove to about 80 feet and it did great . My only complaint is that it has too many features that I do n't need .
 The watch itself is a little larger than I wanted . It is very thick and catches on the cuffs of my clothing . I was looking for a sport watch that was more simple in style and a bit smaller and thinner . Other than the size , it appears to be a good watch .
 Purchased this watch several months ago , because it matches my postal uniform . I am very tough on watches ... out in the weather , being bumped and pulled by boxes etc. . It lasted through summer heat and rains and cold days , and general abuse . What amazed me was that once I forgot that I had placed it in my pocket ... and ran it through the washer and dryer !!! It is still going strong ! Great watch !
 This arrived on time and was just what I was looking for . A small size watch for my daughter to wear everywhere . She likes it and it is small enought to look right on her small wrist .
 She put this on her Wish List for Christmas . When she opened the gift , she was very happy . She liked it a lot .
 The last few watches that I had purchased could never hold up to my accident inclined self . They always chipped or became scratched . Not this watch . I 've had it for over a year and it does n't have a blemish one it . I 'll probably buy another version of the same watch whenever this one dies or becomes covered in paint.I also really like the features . I 've used it to keep time while jogging . It also has the ability to set a different time zone and I enjoy that .
 This is the 2nd watch like this we 've bought ; watch works great , band only lasted 2 years and ca n't be replaced on its own . My daughter loves it - a good size for a fairly small wrist .
 This is best of the 4 digital sports watches I 've owned . It is very smartly styled and more petit than most so can be worn in a ` dressy casual ' environment as well at the beach or working in the yard . Easy to set time and date . Works flawlessly . Will buy second one now to have as replacement when this one gets scratched and worn from the garden .
 I love this watch ! I have had the same exact one years ago and it is the longest lasting and most durable watch I have ever had ! I would recommend this product to anyone who likes an efficient and useful watch that they do n't need to worry about getting wet or roughing up .
 I love this watch ! It 's perfect for me as a triathlete to have a simple watch with a stop watch function and is water proof . It 's also a small size which I like and the price was the best of all . Every store I had looked in was selling a similar watch for $ 55.00 !
 I 've had this watch almost a year now and love it . It 's been with me to Ghana and Europe . While traveling it was nice to have the ability to have two time zones set so I could see what time it was back home without having to think about it . I have a daily alarm set to remind me of pills which is great , because the watch is always on so I ca n't miss it ! I wear it even when I sleep and am not aware of it 's presence , it 's so comfortable and lightweight . I 've gone swimming with it on in the lake , ocean , under a waterfall , and in the shower sometimes . It is indeed , waterproof . The color is true to the picture . I ca n't say enough how happy I 've been with this watch . It 's super cheap and is everything I need in a watch and has yet to fail me . It is one of the best purchases I 've ever made ; I feel like I got quite the deal . If/when something ever happens to this watch , I will purchase it again .
 I bought this watch for my wife to go to work and the gym in . When I gave it to her she was very pleased with the soft blue color because it looks professional yet unique and feminine . The watch is very easy to set and read and looks good on her wrist in her medical professional attire or gym gear . She actually wears this watch more than her others , and there are several others in her jewelry box . This was a great gift at a great price that I would highly recommend .
 I 'd been researching Ironman Timex watches.What I found was a Timex Expedition.Same functions as the Ironman.I 've had it a couple a weeks and think i 've made an excellent choice.I 'm not an ironman anyway.I do n't need timers or lap times.For me this was an excellent Choice.Oh yes and it 's less tan $ 30.00 .
 The face is a little bit smaller than expected . However , not a bad size for my husband who 's wrist is a bit smaller . Strap seems okay now , but not sure how it will hold up . The alarm on it is n't very loud though . The light on it is nice .
 I gave this watch to my son for a gift and he lives in another state . I ask him what he thought of it and he said the compass was small and seemed to stick , but otherwise he would keep it .
 the compass is worthless and after a couple of months the velcro needs to be glued back together , but the watch keeps time and the indiglo works great . what do you want for 30 some dollars !
 Although it 's titled as `` midsize '' it should be titled as `` child '' . It 's nice and lightweight . Has the 3 alarm clocks I 've grown to love to have . Just a lot smaller than I was hoping for.Still get 's the job done
 I bought the watch for about $ 20 dollars on Amazon . It is NOT a female watch . It is 1 and 3/4 inches wide . The bad reviewer must have had too much mascara on when viewing the watch . I needed a casual watch with large numbers , an easily readable date with day of the week , AND a night light . This one is perfect and perfectly priced . The band is VELCRO , so I replaced it with a twist-a-flex type band . Now it is a PERFECT MALE watch that is waterproof , quiet and easy to read with extra options . Simply great .
 This watch has everything I need . Digital display with time and date . INDIGLO lighting with and easy touch button . 3 alarms . It is easy to set . I like the small compact size , unlike those bulky , oversized digitals . Unlike another review that I read , I can hear the alarm easily . However , if my arm is under the pillow and I miss it , it repeats itself after 5 minutes several times . If the compass is important , which it is n't to me , you will be disappointed . It is useless so I cut it off and threw it away .
 I had an IronMan Timex sport Watch for many years which just recently became unusable . This one is very sleek and stylish by comparison . Maybe its the coloring that sets it apart from other black , silver and gray models , I know thats what immediately caught my attention . Background for digits is clear and distinct for viewing and functionality for Timer , Chronology and Alarms -LRB- 3 -RRB- are easy to set . No awful surprises here . One issue with leather strap is that it might not hold up well to swimming as threading came loose -LRB- I used crazy glue to reinforce -RRB- on some of the ends after a trip to the beach . And so far I have found the leather straps hard to find if need to replace . Otherwise , its a fine watch you should enjoy for many years .
 I like this product . I wanted it to set 3 alarms to remember to eat . This watch is exactly what I expected . Very comfortable too .
 The menus are a bit counterintuitive as far as the chrono is concerned , but other than that it 's a very good watch . Anything that does n't break after two weeks in Iraq holds up pretty well in my opinion . Note to soldiers
 You know how usual it is to see people wearing the tiffany love charmbracelet ? This looks exactly like one of those , with a twist . It look more like tiffany bracelet with follie follie charms and its a watch . At a price like that , it 's a steal ! However , the bracelet is a little too long for my wrist . What 's more interesting is that the box of the watch works as a clock itself . How practical can that be . If you are looking for a chrambracelet , this it is !
 The worst thing about this watch is that Tissot stopped making it and it 's very hard to find ! It 's a gorgeous watch , and my husband absolutely loves it . The detail is fantastic , especially if they are a motorcycle junkie , the brake rotor looks very cool surrounding the face . The red highlights add enough flair to make it look cool without being gaudy . Can look very casual but also looks nice enough to wear a little dressed up . Love this watch ... if you can find it -LRB- very limited edition -RRB- , it 's a must buy .
 I got requests to show my watch ata a concert and on a cruise . This watch is piece of work
 The design of this watch is timeless . The rounded glass gives it a classsic look , but the 40 mm diameter provides an updated look . I have timed the swiss ETA movement 's performance with an atomic clock and it is accurate to within seconds a day . This rivals the finest swiss automatic timepieces that you would pay thousands of dollars for .
 I 've been wearing this watch for a couple of weeks now . Be aware that this watch is big -LRB- 46x46mm -RRB- and heavy . Its appearance is exactly what I expected from the photos . I 'd prefer it if the watch was about 10 % smaller and 50 % lighter , but I ca n't really fault it for those properties , as I knew I what I was getting into when I ordered the watch . Upon first wearing , I was shocked by how heavy it felt and thought there was no way I could wear it continually , but I got used to it after a couple of days .
 As a watch collector I can assured you that this Cordura Watch from Invicta is the real deal . I was trying to find a similar style but most were to pricey . But this one was perfect , specially in quality and price . A somewhat heavy watch , but then you should have a big enough wrist to carry it . I fully recommend it .
 Like another reviewer , this watch scratched my `` Bell & Ross itch '' . This Invicta watch is a great tribute to that style of watch . It has a solid feel , with a black finish that looks well done . I like the details like the Invicta logo on the side of the case and the signed crown.The strap is thick , which is a good thing . With a watch this large , you need a thicker , more sturdy strap . The stitching on mine is white -LRB- not orange as in another review -RRB- . The underside of the strap appears to have a tiny release so you can remove it by hand -LRB- without a pin removal tool -RRB- . My only grip about the watch are the minute and hour hands . The design of the hands do break from the `` flight instrument '' theme of the watch design and typeface used . The hands are a little too art deco , but this is a minor nitpick.The lume is on the hands and appears to also be on the second hand.This is my first automatic watch . I like that the second hand does not advance only once per second ; instead it advances every 1/4 of a second or so , as if it is sweeping forward.The case back has a rose-tinted crystal to let you see the mechanism inside . That 's great too.Overall a great buy !
 Invicta 's 3972 Square Corduba is my second Corduba watch and first in this series square style . This is a big and unique watch that has a prominent round satin finish gold plated raised bezel whose top edge is 3-millimeters wide . This bezel is raised 3-millimeters above the square plate it 's affixed to and is flush with all four sides of the square casing . The satin finish gold plate is secured by four polished gold hex head screws strategically placed in the four corners of the watch 's square case . The satin black case contrasts with its polished black chronograph pushers and crown . Using this platform Invicta showcases their exquisitely colored ivory dial with its glossy black enamel hour markers and luminous minute and hour hands . This is a boldly different , stylish and sharp looking watch!There are three complications on this watches ' ivory dial . A three-day date window is at three o'clock , a sixty second sub-dial at six o'clock and an elapsed sixty-minute chronograph sub-dial at twelve o'clock . All of these complications are subtlety outlined with silver . This watch is listed as paired with a cloth strap . However , my watch arrived with a 4-millimeter thick black calf skin leather strap and buckle with ivory stitching . This strap amply supports the watch but required breaking in a few days to fit comfortably . This is a lot of watch for the $ 133.00 price I paid on Amazon two weeks ago . Now it is a steal as I write this review at the current Amazon `` Friday Sale '' price of $ 113.05 . If you are sitting on the fence considering this watch , I say grab it before the price rises .
 I 've worn this watch for the last couple of weeks , and this is a nice addition to my collection . Very comfortable , and fits a little differently from my other Cordubas . Fits a little better under long sleeve dress shirts than some other more massive Invictas , but still maintains a presence on the wrist . Good looking watch .
 this is a great watch , big face , excellent quality , exactly as expected from description and picture
 This is a fantastic watch for sporty women or smaller men who do n't like the petite , feminine , jewelry-watch look . The face is big enough to easily read the date as well . Great price too !
 It 's pretty but functional . My daughter wears it constantly and can roughhouse around in it and it 's safe .
 My 8 year old daughter got this 2 years ago for her birthday . I bought this and another Belle watch off the Disney website which you have to adjust the traditional way . She really has n't worn either of them a great deal . She is starting to wear this Timex watch now so I think this is the right age . It is easy for her to get on and off herself and it is pretty . Would buy this again . Would n't have bought the other watch .
 I love this watch , it was a replacement to another Timex that wore out on my wrist . The leather is high quality , and the indiglo works very well , although you do n't even really need since the watch hands also illuminate . Very smooth design , I 'm sure you 'll love this watch .
 I am very satisfied with this watch . It is accurate , highly visible , uncomplicated - a real watch . It is not a compass , or a lap timer , or alarm clock
 I purchased this watch because I have never had any trouble with Timex watches , and I am glad to say I still have no problems . This watch is beautiful , it works , what more is there to ask for ?
 I bought this watch for hiking because of it 's style . It looks amazing . A very simple metal case with a plain face and classic leather buckle . No frills , no extra gadgets , just a discrete indiglo light and glow in the dark hands . Just be aware that this watch is not as light as the Camper series since the case is metal .
 I 've never been into glitz or show , so this watch is exactly what I was looking for . It looks good -LSB- for me -RSB- and keeps great time . That 's all that 's necessary !
 Very happy with product . Product was clearly identified on web page , and received same . Terrific sales and service .
 It 's a nice looking watch , but the date numbers are difficult to read.I love the indiglo function to check the time in the dark .
 I ADVISE ANYBODY WANT TO BUY A WATCH TO HAVE THIS WATCH . IT IS VERY GOOD AND STYLISHMY WIFE GET A GOOD COMMENT ON IT
 This is an excellent product . I have had several Timex watches and this is my favorite . I really recommend it
 This watch is pretty great looking and it has the very practical features of not only having self-illuminating hands but also the &#34; indiglo &#34; back-light to ensure you can * always * tell the time . The case has an attractive coating that does n't wear off with use . It also features a second hand which is accurate which is really good at this pricepoint.For the downsides , the date function of this watch is a bit flaky and every so often it will drift off by half a day without much logic as to how exactly to get it back . I guess the date function is more for looks than something I would bet my job on , for example . It is also very loud , and I have had people complain about this before . Lastly , the band is n't anything to write home about and is starting to peel away a bit , and is also pretty stained already from sweat so was obviously not treated or anything , at least not well . It is also fairly heavy for the size , but to me , this is a good thing.Overall , this surpasses my expectations for the price with a very nice face and excellent features .
 This would have gotten 5 stars if the adjustment dial did n't sheer , and pop out one day . I sent in the watch to Timex for a warranty replacement , which came after about 6 weeks . No issues with the replacement so far .
 If you 're indecisive about getting this watch , you should get it . The picture does not say it all . The bezel is actually a bit darker , but it looks better anyways . The band also has a nice feel to it . In addition , the time function works and the date function work flawlessly . It 's so easy to set the date , too . I 've had this watch for a couple of months and I have not had any problems so far . This is my first analog watch and I 'm very happy with it . Once this watch reaches its end of the line , i will be replacing it with another timex , if not the exact same , watch . If you buy this watch , you wo n't regret it .
 I got this watch because I was looking for something that I could wear everyday but could pass for something a little more formal . I have worn it everyday since buying it a year ago . Several issues with it though
 I absolutely love this watch ! I will start off by saying I own a few watches , one that is a few hundred -LRB- Invicta -RRB- and a few other dressy watches . This is an amazing contribution to my collection and easily one of my most worn watches.First , comes the style . I bought this watch for work , but its a great spring/summer watch for any casual situation . It goes with pretty much anything and I do not hesitate to just throw it on in the morning . I have gotten a few compliments about it and people ask what type it is , and I am always happy to respond `` A cheap $ 30 Timex ! '' . Not to mention , I enjoy the color of the face -LRB- light tan -RRB- . The comfort is another added benefit of this watch . Although I am fairly familiar with link removal , this watch requires -LRB- obviously -RRB- no link removal . The ability to choose how loose or tight my watch feels is just another great feature . Some days I need it tighter or looser based on the temperature or what I am doing , so being able to change it is wonderful . The leather is also very comfortable , and does not scratch or irritate the skin . Really most of the time , I rarely feel it because it is very light on the wrist . I have very small wrists and have to say this is one of my favorite fits -LRB- next to my elgin -RRB- . The last aspect of the watch is the functionality . I love the fact that it has the trinite hands , as well as the indiglo . I live in the cloudiest place in the world , so those hands never light up , no matter what brand . This always infuriates me , so the indiglo is amazing !!! Also , I believe it is 50M water resistant -LRB- both watch and leather -RRB- . I rarely test those kinds of things , but I will take Timex 's word . The only flaw ... the date window . I feel like it would have been better to either put in a month and date window , or just exclude it . Although it is helpful , it can be somewhat annoying to change it when a 30 month passes opposed to the traditional 31 . Overall , I have to say this is one of my favorite watches , and one of my better buys . It has zero scratches on the glass -LRB- which is important as I work where I am constantly reaching into cases to grab things -RRB- . If you have any questions , feel free to comment and I will answer them !
 I have owned this watch for 4 months now and am completely satisfied with the purchase . The watch keeps perfect time - I set it when I got it and have not had to reset it as of yet . The bezel of the watch is browner -LRB- is that a word ? -RRB- than shown in the picture which I think actually makes the watch look better.It 's sturdy and the band seems well made . The Timex indiglo feature is great and it also has luminous hands . It 's a good watch .
 I needed a watch for my job , and wanted one that was simply clean-looking and dependable ; this watch was exactly what I needed . It looks classy but casual , and is very quiet . The Indiglo feature is extremely helpful as well , especially when in a dark place like a movie theater.I have n't really had a chance to test its durability in any way , but it definitely seems to be very sturdily designed . I will definitely be taking this watch with me the next time I go hiking.Some people have reported problems with the date function not working/being unreadable , but so far it has worked very smoothly for me ; the numbers are small but I do n't find the display particularly hard to read , though I understand how it could be a problem for someone with older eyes or who is nearsighted in general.In summary , I can give this watch a hearty recommendation . I think it will be a great general-purpose watch for me for the forseeable future .
 This watch is very fashionable , I am a woman and I still like it . Though I do have small wrists so the watch looks quite bulksome on me.The leather is great and the back light is very useful . The only thing I 'd change is the size of the face , it 's to big for me . But for a man with larger arms and wrists I 'm sure it would be just right !
 Very well built watch that keeps excellent time . The only complaint I have is that the date window is on the small side , and the font is n't bold enough for older eyes to see clearly . I 'm still very happy with it though.I forgot to mention the Indiglo feature . VERY COOL !! The whole face lights up with a blue glow when you push the crown .
 I got mine because I saw a clerk at Target wearing the exact one and he had it for 7 years on the same battery and it looked great . It is a basic watch that a gadget guy like me likes to wear out to dinner LOL !!!
 This is a good Timex watch . Simple , effective , keeps good time . Indiglo makes watch face easy to read in low light . Calendar date is somewhat difficult to read . I am happy with the purchase .
 Looks great and works great 95 % of the time . I 've had this watch for 5 months and I wear it 24/7 . It is exactly the watch I was looking for - Tells time and day with an easy to hit backlight.Upside
 Not much to be said in the review of this watch that the picture does n't show , but I feel obligated to say that the watch appears even better in real life than it does in the picture.The band is nicely stitched and made from quality leather ; it 's not too thick or too thin , but just right.The watch itself is the superior quality I 've come to expect from Timex . It keeps flawless time and the construction of the watch as well as the appointment of the watch face just look like a quality piece . Yes , I realize that it 's not a Rolex ; that 's one of the primary reasons I like it . Timex makes a very fine , serviceable every day watch.In short , if you like the looks of this piece in the picture here , you 'll love the watch on your wrist . A very nice watch without breaking the bank .
 IMHO . this is a perfect indiglo Expedition watch . Some of the Expedition series look kind of gaudy to me but this one is `` discreetly Expedition '' . As expected , the Indiglo feature works flawlessly and evenly accross the face.I 'm not a big guy and I was expecting the watch to look even larger on my wrist than it does . A lot of watches are bigger these days and my son had gotten me a similar sized watch about a year ago , but w/o Indiglo . I had just ordered a similar sized dress watch and wanted an every day -LRB- and night -RRB- watch and this one feels great and looks great . Much more subdued appearance than the pictures might make you think.I 'd buy it again.Jeff
 This is a beautiful watch in its open readable , simplicity . The face is large but not ostentatious and the hands are easy to see . The colors are subtle which adds to its dignity . The indigo lights up the entire face of the watch and the leather strap is much softer than I though it would be . The only concerns are that the date is nearly impossible to read and the indigo light only shows while you are holding down the side button . You ca n't tap it and look at it the way you do for many digital watches .
 Great Watches . I bought 2 of them for my husband for his birthday . He actually uses them for work watches , but are nice enough to see out at dinner . These are not the first ones I have bought him .
 This watch is outstanding and I have never been happier with a timepiece in my life . The price you would pay retail for this TechnoMarine -LRB- between $ 1300-1500 in the California area , if you can even find it retail -RRB- , is way over what you would pay here . Watch is LARGE , and a bit weighty , but feels substantial on your wrist , which some folks -LRB- including myself -RRB- prefer . The rubber band is deluxe , with thick connecting points and a metal latch in back rather than a belt-style hole-through-rubber fastener you might expect . Overall , this watch really has to be seen to be believed , and this is a great place to get it online at WAY under the MSRP .
 Its hard to find such a good buy now a days , but this watch for this price you ca n't beat it swiss made , stainless steel , for 75.00 bucks and once more did I say what a good buy
 I have n't worn this watch for long but I 'm shocked just how nice it is . It 's well made with nice balance and it 's as `` weighty '' as my rolex . Very nice rich looking band . It 's a steal @ $ 75.00 . If you need a dress watch you wo n't be afraid to wear , I recommend one of these , at least on appearance .
 My husbant bought this watch for me almost a year ago because I had been dreaming about this watch for a year prio to that . It was expensive , but I still love it as much as I did the first day I got it and I wear it everywhere I go . I 've had comments about it and am a very proud owner .
 I bought this watch as a Valentine 's Day gift for my missus as her watch was a cheap old watch which was n't even working properly.She absolutely loves this . I got ta admit , the polish on the metal is amazing . It simply shines.She wears it everyday and takes off and puts into it 's box as soon as she comes home.She is happy so i am happy : -RRB- Strongly recommended to anyone who is looking for a gift for their missus.This thing looks more like a jewellery then a watch .
 I was so excited to find this watch on Amazon . It was almost half the price I paid at the store . it 's sleek and sexy . The dial is a little small than usual but one gets use to it soon . Love the colors . Got many compliments since i started wearing it !!
 I 've been looking at this watch for about a year . Too pricey . Thats when I found this little baby . Its perfect and very different . I preferred the narrower strap -LRB- apparently I have a dainty wrist -RRB- The thicker 1 looked odd.I was worried about my wrist getting sweaty , but i 'm pleased this has n't happened . Mind you this looks soooo good I do n't think i 'd have cared.Easy enough to wear for daytime , but stylish enough for evening.Have had many a compliment - you will not be disappointed .
 I love this watch because it looks more like a bracelet at first glance . The detailing is really intricate along the band , which really adds a lot of nice interest to it.It is a simple design , but I think that is what makes it so appealling . If you like chunky bangles or bracelets , you will really like this watch . It is definitly a unique find ! You should know that that you can get the dial in brown as well , and I think a few other colors . I was not aware of that , but am still really happy with it . It is also happens to be very comfortable .
 A fabulous SELLER . My watch is just beautiful and I can not believe just how much I saved from buying it from this seller.I had it valued at the jewelers and it 's worth twice what I paid .
 This watch is good for gifting . It surely looks more that the purchase price . I would recommend this watch for anybody . Just make sure , that they come with running batteries . I had to exchange it and it still did n't come with running batteries . I went to local store and replaced the batteries and Amazon immediately paid for the battery cost .
 Handsome watch made of quality materials . It fits business clothes as well as casual ones . It shows a 39mm diameter display that is n't neither big nor small , just enough . Although it says that have luminous hour markers , they did n't work properly but this is n't an issue for me .
 This is exactly what I wanted and I would have rated it with a 5 , but for the somewhat exhorbitant shipping & handling charge - 50 % of the cost of the watch ! Still , even with that , it was a good value .
 Love this watch . Super stylish , can take out into the surf and no problem . Only doing this review cause I had a lodown that broke on me . I was suspicious about sending my watch in for warranty . Read some reviews claiming nixon had bad customer service . Somebody along the way got screwed . Well , I sent them my watch expecting a charge for repair just to get a halfway decent watch back . They comp 'd it and sent me a brand new watch , received within a week , no charge no nothing . Got ta love that . Excellent company , excellent watch .
 The only reason its not a 5 is because the paint comes off too easily . Otherwise I love this watch . Perfect for everyday use , and for surfing it 's perfect . Really light , which I love . Awesome watch and my favorite out of all the watched I 've had .
 okay , heres the deal . my brother has a blue and black nixon lodown . hes had it for over a year , and the battery hasnt died yet . we take it surfing , atleast every other day , if not more . we surf locally in virgina beach . yes , it has a little bit of wear and tear -LRB- suck as MINOR scratches -RRB- , but it is truely a great watch . it is very very accurate , and we base our days off of it . were avid surfers , and it definitely helps us when it comes to surfing . its a great product , and his still looks like new . the only reason for the scratches are because of him accidentally hitting it against something . its really a perfect watch . i have a nixon quatro , and its perfect . i got about three years ago , and i still wear it to this day . so people shouldnt be saying things about nixon as a whole , maybe just their individual product . some people get lemons . granite , their customer service may not be the hottest , but it works . all in all , this is a PERFECT for surfers , of any age , or level . a must buy .
 I purshased this item for a nephew that was graduating and he is so so happy that from the day he received it he did not take it off !!! thank You !!!
 Really like the watch . However it is stuck on one mode and we can not get it out of the mode . The directions do not help with the issue with the watch . Is there an 800 number to call to get the watch to work in all modes?Thanks
 This watch does it all,-A Sweet Tide Chart to see what the tide is when your sitting the middle of the ocean waiting for the next swell of waves to form.-The Military green color to the watch is always a major plus . It also is n't very bright or shinny so you should n't attract any sharks or creatures to towards your way when in the water.-You can go 100 meter deep in the water and still know what time it is.-Other features
 THIS WATCH IS REALLY GREAT , I BOUGHT IT TO MY SON IT WAS NICE AND WORK PERFECTLY . THIS THE BEST WATCH I HAD EVER BUY .
 the product was very well packaged and looked great coming out of the box :-RRB- i love it and wear it every day !!!! keep doing a great job : -RRB-
 Replaced my husbands exact same one . Great price at amazon plus shipping was free . would continue to buy if it lasted longer and was truely water resistant as it said .
 My Grandson requested this watch for Christmas . Not only a great price but the watch came in perfect shape , in a regal box and on time !!! Who could ask for anything more !!
 Great product , exactly what the description describe , fast shipping , recommend buyer , will buy again . Had the watch for a month now , no problem . Use it once a week in the water .
 Trendy name , good features for a surf watch , but ca n't figure out how to turn off hour beeper . It 's loud and annoying . Otherwise , for the price on Amazon , it is a good buy compaired to $ 150.00 plus dollars found in surf shops . If you ca n't find it here , do n't waste your money elsewere . Made in China . I recommend Vestal surf watches . These watches are a better quality with a commpany address in Costa Mesa/Newport California . They are almost identical , but the Vestal is a little larger and put together a little better . I bought one of each for my twin sons who asked for them specifically . My C average son asked for the Nixon , and my A average son asked for the Vestal , nough said .
 The watch is great for surfing ... That is the only time I wear the thing . I 've had it for two years now and it has a few issues , not big ones though . The first is the sizing holes on the strap . I guess my wrist is an in between shape , because one hole the strap is too tight and the next hole down it 's too loose . The other issue , is more my fault but the watch should be thoroughly rinsed after going in the ocean . If not , salt builds up in the buttons and the watch goes hay wire . There 's only so many times that can happen before the battery dies . My watch is the all black watch , therfore I have not had any problems with paint scraping off or anything like that . I 've had tide watches before and they 've died so fast . It 's probably because I constantly had to press buttons to bring up the tide . This watch had my beach programmed in , so once I found it I left it alone . The watch is still going strong , looks new and I always know when the tide will be pushing in at my local surf spot ...
 I just bought this watch for my brother who is in the Navy . So far , he has really enjoyed it .
 Good product got here fast looks great and happy on the price . I use it for work and diving the tide chart is very accurate
 I get complaiments on the watch all the time . Really a great functional watch.Would remmocmend to purchase if you our a active person into water sports !
 great watch . totally tells tides , cool settings and features too ! it lights up , the only flaw i found so far has been the sharp corners which pick up wax and i worry about small dings on my board . otherwise , it is a great watch for the price . i was comparing it to the vestal tide watch , for 40-50 bucks more . i felt the nixon was a better quality with different features that i like . personal preference to how you want your display i suppose . the vestal watch is nice , it feels a little bigger , and the closure lock was interesting . it seemed like it would grip very well . it totally tells the time sooooo good brah . surfs up ya kooks !
 I really love this watch . The style , screen look , button layout . . all great . The only issue I have is with it 's claim that it is a `` completely waterproof '' watch . It is designed with surfers in mind -LRB- contains tide info for 200 beaches around the globe until the year 2016 -RRB- but I got caught in a torrential downpour one afternoon and sadly my watch did not survive . I did love the watch so much though that I recently ordered another but I will probably will not be taking it into the water .
 This watch exceeded all my expectations . The bracelet had a great feel smooth finish . It wears so well and looks so expensive . The finish of the watch had to have been hand finished . The chonogragh looks great on the dial and can be used for timing various things . I use mine to time a steak when I cook . It keeps excellent time , definitly a high end watch from a company that makes only Swiss Made watches and have been around over 120 years .
 I 've owned this Timex Perpetual for over two months now , and I must say , this is hands down the most accurate and attractive watch I 've ever owned . The subtle but handsomely textured face and well contrasted hands are amazingly legible allowing the user to ascertain the time with a quick glance , as easily as digital 's readout . And you know what you read is THE time , or incredibly darn close to it . I myself set my watch * once * 60 + days ago to the right time , and to date the thing has only lost 5 seconds ! As for the crystal and band , both are holding their luster quite well , remaining scratch-free and pleasing to the eye -LRB- with the exception of the clasp itself , which has scuffed a bit , but I am rough on my watches -RRB- . Even the Indiglow light works quite well , even though it 's usually not needed given the hands ' and pips ' decent luminous glow in the dark . Top all that off with a 7-year battery -LRB- which has to be changed at the factory so they can recalibrate the perpetual calendar - the only real minus on my checklist -RRB- , and you have yourself an exceptional timepiece .
 This item was given as a gift . He wears it quite frequently and likes the weight and feel of it .
 This is a great watch.When I am not at work i am wearing this watch . Super luminous dials , comfortable size and extremely high quality watch works make this ideal.I replaced the band with a black rubber sports band and this is my all time favorite for casual use every day .
 It is my favorite watch . I love the simple styling and readable face . Very sturdy - great for active lifestyles . Just wish the green fabric watch band was an inch longer . It is sized for asian wrists . Highly recommended .
 I ordered the TechnoMarine Midsize Moon Abyss Watch for my fiance and he loved it ! Beautiful watch and great quality !
 For the money , this seems to one of the best dive watches on the mkt.Bright yellow face , large numbers.So far , keeps very good time.Steve lew21
 I love this all black watch . I only buy ADIDAS and this watch I had my eye on for some time . The flyboy series is great but they only seem to have black leather straps or come in polished stainless steel metal bands . Even if you find a black one , it probably does n't have the other smaller hands inside . I think they stopped making them . Too bad but ADIDAS is know for that . They make tons of watches you never see in stores or anything then one day when you do see one you want and boom , its gone out of stock . I guess i love a shopping challenge , like a hunter this was my prize . Its not too extravagant but still has a large face so do n't let the pic fool you , and the contrast is easily readable . Only four stars cause I had a little trouble playing with the buttons to get the smaller hands all synchronized with the larger ones .
 I have this watch in white and it 's beautiful to look at and very comfortable to wear . Yes it has diamonds and it looks as good as similar ceramic brand name watches costing thousands more . My husband got this for me for Xmas when they dropped the price a couple of weeks ago -LRB- I was unhappy with the original price so was holding off -RRB- . It 's even more beautiful in black ceramic - I am very very pleased . Will be wearing it a lot this Xmas season and all year round . Thank you Santa Amazon !
 This is a very original design ... the watch is a talking piece . It has a quality feel to it and the look of real craftsmanship in its creation . The presentation is very nice and it arrived quickly with careful packaging . The Swiss movement should offer years of accurate service .
 I had to buy this watch simply b/c I am a female and my first name is Tyler . Granted , it 's a bit large for my wrist -LRB- I need to take a bunch of the links out , -RRB- It 's MY GIRLY WATCH and it 's very stylish . Normally , I would n't purchase a watch designed like this b/c I 'm quite active , but it can take a beating . My friends are humored by the fact that they all have TYLER watches now - and Roxy is a company for women , thus proving that TYLER is NOT A BOYS NAME-it 's my name and while most of my mail is sent to MR. TYLER ... . this watch boosted my ego . It 's dainty , but not too girly . Rock on ROXY !!!
 I am very happy with the watch and watch band . It arrived quickly and was exactly as described . Thanks for offering it at such a great price too !
 EXCELLENT WATCH . WELL WORTH THE MONEY . EASY TO WEAR , TAKE ON AND OFF QUICKLY WITHOUT HAVING TO FASTEN STRAPS.AS ITS MADE OF PLASTIC DOES N'T CAUSE DERMATITUS -LRB- SKIN ALLERGIES -RRB- THIS IS THE 5TH ONE OF THESE I HAVE BOUGHT -LRB- I HAVE AN ORANGE AND GREEN ONE AND NOW THIS BLUE ONE -RRB- I LOVE THEM AND I WOULD N'T BUY ANY OTHER TYPE OF WATCH AGAIN . WELL PACKAGED AND SPEEDY DELIVERY AS USUAL .
 This watch is medium in size and fits my medium size wrist perfectly ; however , the instructions on how to set it suck !
 I bought this watch a few weeks ago because I lost my other one . I was very impressed with the quality of the product . It 's comfortable , waterproof and the display is crystal clear .
 Love the watch , -LRB- this is my third , lost the first one -RRB- This is my everyday watch . It has all the features you need -LRB- Time , Date , Stop Watch , Backlight , Durable and Stylish .
 I bought this -LRB- in two colors -RRB- to replace my old one , that broke after 2 years of constant use . Very comfortable , and an easy to read display .
 I love these watches . I have a very small wrist and the size small fits perfectly.It doesnt slip on your wrist at all , its completely water proof so I dont have to worry about taking it on and off . Keeps perfect time .
 Hi , I like this product , Thank 's for your attention and excellent efficiency , 100 % recommendedAtt . Manuel MarquezVenezuela
 I found the watch on Amazon and it was marked below retail . I ordered it and it came in 2 days ! The only problem was that this watch is very large . I am over 6 ft tall and have a lot of men 's watches but this watch was bigger than I expected . I think I will trade it for the smaller size . Otherwise , it is gorgeous , very well priced and shipped immediately !
 I love this watch . It looks more like a piece of jewelry -LRB- fits like a bracelet - loose , not tight . -RRB- I had a real hard time finding a ladies watch that was feminine and was water resistant and had the indiglo light . This one has both , and is very pretty ... not sporty/masculine like most with these features .
 The face on this watch really is gold . It looks almost like a brushed silver , does n't it ? It has removable links , which are wonderful , and the links are also both silver and gold , but it is mainly silver . Be careful when you hit the indiglo in the middle of the night - it 's bright ! And it does n't flop around as much as it would appear to . Overall , I 'm glad I bought it and expect to enjoy it for years .
 Just an updated version of the old-school Ironman . Tough and dependable . Good watch for work .
 Out of all my watches , this is my favorite for everyday wear . I put a black zulu nylon band on it , and it 's looks great ! It 's a little smaller than what I 'm used too , but it 's still a good size ! It 's nice that it will fit under any sleeve-cuff . Really nice movement on the chrono hand !!! Durable and sporty ... this Seiko is a keeper !
 I ordered this watch for my husband and he loves it . It has a really nice , sophisticated face . The numbers are clear , as is the day/date . It has a really nice band and its comfortable . It arrived on time and in a nice box . I am happy with my order .
 Like the watch . Great appearance and titanium is very light weight . The Band does not allow enough adjustment for a small wrist.It has only five holes to move the pin to . Other watchs have eight so the band can be shrunk further . Will have to checka jeweler to see if a link can be removed .
 The watch is just as described and just what I wanted . I like the weight and size . The bracelet , however , does not have the safety clasp as advertised so , as the clasp wears , I expect that it will pop open . I 've had this problem with anther Seiko bracelet without the safety .
 I had a Skagen titanium watch with mesh band and appreciated the lightweight durability . But I always found the watch face and hands didnt have enough contrast . Eventually the battery died and for some reason it devoured replacement batteries . It also suffered another deficiency
 I really like this watch . Though I miss the heft of my old stainless Rolex , its self-winding mechanism failed to keep it running through the night . This puppy 's more accurate , though like the Rolex , its supposedly glowing numerals and hands are too dim for me to see in the dark .
 have owned Seiko watches for many years , they were excellent watches , this one is the same.Very handsome with black face . Keeps excellent time.As always buying is easy at Amazon and shipping and handling is above other other web based stores .
 My husbands Christmas gift . He has a hard time seeing numbers , but this seems to be working really well for him .
 Great price , great value , excellent service . I love the style and the watch is so lightweight I do n't feel it on my arm .
 I bought this for my dad as a birthday gift and he loves it ! It 's very good quality for the price , looks nice and does its job . Excellent buy !
 This Seiko watch is so light that I can not even feel its weight on my wrist . Titanium is good -- lighter and stronger than steel . I paid $ 135 for it from Amazon and I am wearing it after spending $ 8 to have the band adjusted by a local WJ Watch Service store in Glenview , IL . The Roman numbers are easier to read -LRB- e.g. you can quickly recognize the correct position -RRB- than the other watches even in the same category which only have marks on hours .
 I had since 20 years the same watch from Seiko and never had any problem.However that one missed the `` day '' indication and it was steel.Than I saw this one and I did not hesitate.I bought it.However , the first thing that I did was to take my old watch together with this one to the jeweler and let him put the hands of my old watch on the new one.The hands of my old watch were more elegant and more clear in the night.Thank you Seiko .
 4 stars because it 's getting very hard to position the stem so as to set the watch.BUT -- I ca n't remember how long I 've had it , but it 's been at least 4 years -- long enough to have needed 2 new batteries.BUT -- I never take it off except to shower . I mean NEVER -- I sleep with it on . It 's actually pretty dirty in the spots that are hard to clean , and maybe that 's the problem.I 've always liked Seiko quartz watches , and this one is my favorite by far . The watch is lightweight , easy to see , accurate . I also like its looks . I do not like wearing any gold or gold-tone ; this watch is `` silver '' in appearance and I really like the black dial because the hands and markers really stand out.I 'm going to take it to a jeweler and see if they can clean and refurbish it -- at a reasonable price . If not , I 'm going to buy the same watch again .
 Excellent !! The watch is exactly as was described and more ! It can be worn with business suits & on `` casual '' Fridays . We have never been disappointed with a Seiko watch .
 I bought this watch to replace a watch made by an apparel and accessories retailer whose brand name means ancient dinosaur bones that have turned to stone over millions of years . This is the last time I buy a watch made by a company whose primary product is clothing . But enough of that , let 's talk Seiko , a venerable maker of time pieces.The Seiko SGG711 is very well-made with excellent fit and finish . Especially for a watch in this economical price range . Being essentially all titanium , it is light as a feather compared to similarly-sized stainless steel units . The band is comfortable and the clasp , though not safety locking type , is secure . The dial is spartan and eminently readable . And it is particularly nice that the band can be adjusted at home with basic tools and can fit smallish wrists . Thus far I am very pleased . If it maintains accuracy and water tightness under normal use conditions , then I can fully declare this the best wristwatch value I 've encountered . *** Wearing Progress Update 12/2/2012 *** The more I wear this , the more I love this watch . It is so light and comfortable that honestly a few times I had to look just to make sure that I was wearing it . The phosphorescent markers are very effective and helpful . It looks great , the crystal is still scratch-free . It 's such a bargain that I am seriously considering buying a second because I 'd hate to not have backup should this one meet an untimely demise . I 'll wear my Oris for special occasions , but this is the ideal daily-wear for me .
 After years of buying crappy Timex watches at Kohls , I decided to splurge on a Seiko 6 years ago and I have never looked back . When that one finally tanked , I wanted another Seiko for sure , but was intrigued with the lightness and durability of titanium . So after reading the other reviews , and deciding that I did n't need a chronograph or alarm , I settled on this one . I 've been wearing it for several days 24/7 -LRB- I even sleep with it -RRB- and I 'm delighted with my purchase.First , the titanium case and band are amazing ; the watch is so light , you 'd think it was made of cheap aluminum or something . Completely catches you off-guard if you are used to the the heft of stainless cases and bands.Second , the watch is simple in look and function , which I like ; a previous reviewer here who complained that he could n't get the watch to keep the right day/date probably did n't realize the watch operates on two 12-hour cycles . So , for example , I received the watch at 11:00 AM and set the date and time . By 12:30 , the date had changed . Clearly the watch ` thought ' it was midnight , so I reset the date again , and that 's all it took.Third , the `` Z '' band that comes with this watch does not require the universal watch band link removal tool that is often offered on Amazon to those of us perusing watches here . The links were easy to remove and add with a small screwdriver or punch , and the clasp has additional incremental settings that allow fine tuning to your heart 's content . I will caution , however , that any one with a desk job and a computer may find the `` Z '' band clasp will dig into your skin if your wrist lays flat on the table for long periods . Was a bother initially , but over the last few days it is no longer noticeable . If you 're particularly sensitive to this kind of thing , you may want to consider something without a `` Z '' band.Finally , I have n't fount the watch to catch on any items of clothing as others have mentioned . Maybe it 's because I 'm mostly wearing t-shirts and shorts , but it has n't been an issue for me yet.All in all , a good purchase so far . Will update here if something goes wrong .
 I LIKE THIS WATCH IT IS LIGHT TO WARE & IT KEEPS GOOD TIME . ALSO IT LOOKS VERY NICE ON MY WRIST & IT IS EASY TO SEE & ALSO AT NIGHT YOU CAN SEE IT WELL . IT WORKS VERY WELL SO FAR HOPE CONTINUES TO BE THIS WAY & ALSO HOPE IT HOLDS UP WELL . I THINK IT WILL i WOULD RECOMEND THIS WATCH THANKS .
 Surprisingly the most prestigious and expensive watches , such as Rolex , are generally not the most accurate . Rolex certified chronometers -LRB- which are finely-crafted mechanical watches costing $ 1,000 or more -RRB- are guaranteed by Rolex to be accurate to within two minutes -LRB- 120 seconds -RRB- per month . Seiko guarantees its quartz watches to be accurate to within 15 seconds per month , which is eight times more accurate than Rolex 's prestigious -- and expensive -- chronometers . Seiko 's guaranteed accuracy is conservative because my Seiko quartz watches are accurate to within 4 to 5 seconds per month . Rolex does make highly-accurate quartz watches which they call their Cellini series , but this series is less popular than their less-accurate mechanical chronometers . If you are looking for a good-looking man 's watch that is highly dependable and more accurate than a Rolex -- and also far less expensive -- this Seiko should fit the bill .
 I 'm really happy with this watch . It 's a really nice diameter - fits very well on my smaller wrist , but would look fine on a bigger one . The titanium case is very lightweight , so it 's a perfect everyday watch . It 's also thin so it does n't interfere with sleeves or anything . The only negative is that the bottom of the bracelet band is already starting to show wear after a week as it has brushed on desks and other surfaces during normal use . I am planning on getting a leather band for it anyways so I 'm not too upset , but it 's worth being aware of.Overall , you 'd be hard-pressed to find a more comfortable , lightweight everyday watch that has a black face and arabic numerals . I 'd say this is an incredible value at the price . Very satisfied .
 This watch is elegant , but simple in design . I like thin and medium size casing and this watch certainly meets that criteria . It aslo has the basic information I require from a watch , time and date . It also keeps good time so far !
 I loved this watch !!! It is so light weight and the looks is very elegant ... A great watch for gift .
 I like this watch . Nice color and well made , It is worth the discounted price I payed for it . I would recommend it
 It looks great , keeps perfect time and its as light as a feather . When it comes to accuracy , this watch can go head to head with my Omega .
 I have been looking for a replacement for my very beat up Seiko watch for years . I like that this one is not very bulky and that it has a nice , plain easy to read face with actual numbers . I did have to have a jeweler shorten the band for me . It took him about 5 minutes and cost $ 5 .
 This titanium day/date Seiko with its titanium link watchband has both classic and contemporary appeal , and goes well with whatever you are wearing -- sports , leisure , or dress clothes . It is easy to read the time . It 's also waterproof . The titanium is not as glossy as stainless steel , and is more conservative looking . It took me a while to figure out how to remove a couple of links from the watchband , but I was able to do it myself in just a few minutes .
 This watch is all I hoped for . Easy to read , very lightweight and well priced . Looks appropriate with a business shirt or sport shirt .
 Seiko Men 's SGG711 Quartz Titanium Case and Bracelet WatchMy friend like it very much.He said the watch was simple but looks very nice . It is match with his style .
 Got this for my husband 's Christmas present in 2011 . His wore his last Seiko about 30 years and I figured he needed something new even though it was still working the crystal was pretty scratched up , so I stayed with the same brand . He 's very pleased with it and hopes this one is just as long lasting .
 I gave this watch to my husband for Christmas one year ago , and I must emphasize that he is picky with regards to such items . He loved this watch - it is easy to read and looks great . He was amazed how light it is and loved the feel/weight of the metal , as most his watches were quite heavy . I am so glad I bought it !
 I could n't be happier . I got this watch for daily use and it has held up well to the knocking about.The titanium gives it a nice light feel and satisfies my inner metallurgist.I especially like the combination day-of-week and day-of-month display and was relieved to find out that they could both be adjusted separately from the time.While this is n't a very stylish watch I have worn it with a suit and did n't feel like a dork with a digital timex -- If you are limited to only one watch this is it !
 I have had this watch for about 3 weeks and I love it . I was looking for a nice analog watch to wear to work that had a metal band so it 's easy to sterilize -LRB- I work at a hospital -RRB- , a black face , day/date function , a slim case that is n't obnoxiously oversized like most ` fashion ' watches , and numbers all around the dial . Overall , I wanted something with simple styling that I could wear with just about anything.When I was waiting for my watch to arrive in the mail , I was worried that it would n't look very good in person or that it would be too big -LRB- I have smaller wrists -RRB- or that it would look like an old man watch -LRB- I 'm in my 20s -RRB- or that I simply would n't like it , but when I opened the box , my worries were instantly assuaged . It looks better in person . It has slightly different coloring than in the picture . Since it is made out of titanium , it is a little darker in color , like more of a medium gray . Definitely not the standard silvery stainless steel that most watches are made out of . Also the face is n't dark inky black like in the picture , but sort of a ` light black ' if you will , or a very very dark gray . I think all this makes a very cool looking watch , and in my opinion makes it look better than in the picture . The titanium gives it a lighter feel than you would expect . One cool thing I read about titanium is that due to its heat conductive properties , the metal does n't feel cold when you first put it on like steel does . Although I do n't have a steel watch to compare it to , I would still agree with this statement . Just some food for thought.Function wise , this watch is flawless as one would expect from a Seiko . Do a search on Seiko 's reputation and you will see what I mean . It has a high end quartz movement , and while it 's a little expensive for quartz , you get what you pay for . The biggest benefit of quartz in my opinion is that it makes for a slimmer watch . The Seiko 5 watches with an automatic movement are between 10 and 13 mm thick , while this one is 8.3 mm thick . Also , provided you change the battery every now and then , it should last forever.Fashion wise , this watch is very versatile . I can wear it with scrubs , jeans or slacks . Also it is ideal for a large age range . I am in my early 20s and I think it has a more refined look than a Nixon , Fossil , G-shock or any other garish watch that the kids wear these days . But that does n't necessarily make it a young persons watch . It would n't look out of place on a middle aged man either . Point is , no matter what age you are this watch will be seen in good taste.Overall , this is a great watch . It is good looking , functional , versatile , and sells for a fair price . It looks even better in person . I would highly recommend it .
 I was looking to buy an automatic certified chronometer because I thought I needed the best . Once I got myself down to my right size , I was able to find this little gem . I like the military arabic numeral face look , and this watch fits that bill . But more importantly , this watch represents VALUE
 I have had this watch for about 2 years . It has been a very good watch and I have no complaints about it . I use it at work and sometimes it will get scuffed up as I work with metal parts often . Rub it with a scotchbrite pad and it looks brand new again . It seems to keep very good time and is not too loud . The face is easy to read and it is not overly thick on the wrist . I would definitely recommend this to anyone .
 My husband is delighted with this Seiko watch . The face can be read easily -LRB- important for us older people -RRB- and he likes the wrist band too .
 This is a good product . I took it to my local repair shop for a customized fitting and now it fits great . He was surprised at the low price I paid for this item . I had a few problems using the calendar function but it works fine now . However , I 'm still looking for a fashion watch that works like my $ 15 cheap drug store brand . That digital watch has a light feature that 's perfect in the dark - perfect for checking the time while watching a movie with my girlfriend , or waiting for the late nite trolley car .
 Bought this watch to replace another Seiko Titanium . This is actually my third in twenty odd years . I love the fact that it is so light . My Seiko 's have always performed will until they die , about 7 -10 years . I must say the quality of the `` made in China '' band is quite low compared to my previous watches . Still overall for the price I paid I am satisfied .
 I 've had this watch for two weeks and it has performed really well . No problems at all . It is a solid value for the money .
 I bought my Seiko Titanium watch 2 months ago , this is my 2nd Titanium watch since I gave my first one to my son where he wanted a watch that is not that heavy ; well this one fits the bill . On the plus side , the watch is lightweight & elegance which is why I would buy it the 2nd time . On the other hand , the titanium surface probably is not as scratch resistance compared to other metal , but it was a minor minor issue though and I am happy with the watch .
 This is the first non digital watch that I have had in a long time . I do wish that the time was easier to read in the dark.I had one issue with the watch and one issue with the seller , I purchased mine on 06/12/12 . I did e-mail Amazon with my concern and Amazon as always offered me a refund . The following is the Email addressing both issues.Seiko Men 's SGG711 Quartz Titanium Case and Bracelet WatchComments : I ordered and received this Seiko watch . I just got it 06/15/12 . The Product Specification says `` Fold-Over Clasp with Safety '' . My watch does n't have the SAFETY CLASP as the description says and shows in the picture under Product Specification.When I ordered the watch this was the option I decided on
 After doing research on what type of watch I was looking for , I found the perfect active watch in this Chase Durer ... I would recommend online service for purchase to anyone ...
 i have my rolex but this is the watch i wear everyday , it that saving enought ?
 I received the watch from Amazon , and it is a very good-looking chronograph . The strap is comfortable and looks great . The only reason I would n't give it 5 stars is that the case size appears to be incorrect twice on the information page for the watch . At the top it says 42mm . Down in the `` Watch Information '' section it lists the case size as 40mm . I think both of those are incorrect . The watch was smaller than I expected when I opened the packaging , so I compared it to my 42mm Hamilton - it is quite a bit smaller . Then I measured it and while I am not 100 % sure of the correct way to measure a watch case diameter without a caliper I would say it is most definitely a 38mm watch -LRB- at least the one that was sent to me is -RRB- . Great watch - but not nearly as big as I expected . I am returning it in favor of something bigger .
 This watch is not too big or heavy and keeps excellent time . I wear it to work and it is thin enough for me to get my shirts over it . I like the canvas band . Only down side is seeing the face at night can be a challenge .
 I really like this watch . Inexpensive , stylish , big/easy to read , not heavy . I like the way the date reads out with 3 days shown with today in the middle , easier to read than other watches I have or have had.Only thing to mention is that the second hand is the dial at the bottom of the face , the big red hand is the Stop Watch hand
 We were looking for a watch with nice features yet simple with non-leather band . It was exactly as what he wanted .
 This is just what I needed to repair my 20 something daughter 's watch . I have basic watch repair tools so it was easy to put onto the watch . This green color perfectly matched the color of the watch bezel . It was hard to find such a match so we are very happy .
 The watch has all of the functions that it claims . The only things that I do n't like about it are that the buttons are too easy to press . I accidently hit them multiple times a day during normal activity . I have even accidently changed the time . I was n't very impressed with the watch band either . The velcro patch is awfully small and would wear out quickly . Also , if your wrist is smaller it does n't fit . I switched it out with a REM watch band -LRB- watchband.biz -RRB- and now I love it .
 I bought this watch to help me get track on the time I spend running . I needed something cheap because it 's not my main watch and this one fit my budget . I love the velcro clasp because it gives you the feeling that you are not wearing anything . It is lightweight and it works great for the value . The only con I found is that every time you press a button , it beeps and after a while it gets annoying . Does anyone know how to take that beep away ? All in all , I consider this watch a great value to anybody .
 This is an as advertised item . Great value for the price . Need to use the features often to be proficient as the controls are not labeled or very intuitive .
 Watch works great , the display is large and readable , but it beeps every time you press a button and there 's no way to stop this .
 I bought this watch for my 13 year old . It is easy to use and very reliable . He loves it !
 This is a great watch . I love every feature of it . It has a sleek and professional look for any range of people . The watch works perfectly . 5/5 .
 This is the 3rd Hamilton I 've bought in the past few years . Like my other two Hamilton watches -LRB- Khaki Field Mechanical & Field Auto -RRB- , the Khaki Navy Dive model is a reasonably priced , durable , high quality watch.PROS : AccurateSee-through backScratch resistant sapphire crystal -LRB- front & back -RRB- Well made screw-down crownsBrushed finish does n't show small scratches as muchNice & substantial watch -LRB- though not overwhelming for smaller wrists -RRB- Easy to read , uncomplicated watch faceCONS : No anti-reflective coating on sapphire crystal
 Purchased this watch half a year ago . It is surprisingly accurate - I monitored the time every day for a month using time.gov as a reference . My watch gaines on average 1 second per day , it is ahead of standard time . My wife owns quartz longines , which costs twice as much and is less accurate . I work in a lab where high magnetic fields are present so far it has n't been a problem . The watch is quite large , but I do n't really notice it on my wrist - no scratches so far . The biggest bang for your buck :--RRB- -RRB- .
 Nice size and weight for my wrist , and well balanced . The build quality of the watch is amazing . Very retro in styling . A pleasure to own .
 Just what I was after . Love the color , and it 's a nice lightweight watch -LRB- some of the other Zodiac watches are a bit too heavy/obtrusive for my taste -RRB- .
 I 've had this for years now , and I still wear it . I use it as a travel alarm -LRB- although now I need my glasses to set it . -RRB- I use it on those Timex velcro bands -- the original band was too stiff and narrow for me . I like the black plastic pusher buttons and the grey face color . Would be nice if the second hand was a bit brighter . The light is too weak , but the price is pretty good .
 As for longevity I can not speak - only had it a week . But its a solid watch . Seems very well built to me . Nice to have an analog with the dependability of a digital alarm . Though the leather band is quality I actually replaced the band with a Timex Expedition Fast Wrap for a river trip & I do n't think I 'll be replacing it any time soon - great band and the 20mm size fits the watch well.Note that despite what some sites say this watch -LRB- T45191 -RRB- allows for tracking 2 timezones and not 3 , and the bezel does NOT turn - its a permanent part of the brushed stainless steel case . Fine by me - one less part to break . The watch face also is more grey than black so its a bit lighter than what you see in the photo . As of this writing the cost on this watch is down to $ 36 but I would have paid the retail $ 59.95 for it . It really seems to be a solid piece .
 I love this model . It is simple with many options at the same time . Very durable and comfortable .
 I 've owned this watch for many years and keep replacing it when it dies . Typically the compass dial pops off , but a couple of times the electronics fried when the battery ran down . Once the watch died when I swam in salt water . In any case , I usually get several years of use before it poops out . For the money you certainly get a lot of features ; I 've been pretty happy but I think I might trade up after my current one bites the dust ...
 muy buen servicio y producto . Todo llego a tiempo y con la calidad esperada.muy buen servicio y producto . Todo llego a tiempo y con la calidad esperada .
 muy buen servicio y producto . Todo llego a tiempo y con la calidad esperada.muy buen servicio y producto . Todo llego a tiempo y con la calidad esperada .
 El producto lleg&oacute; en las condiciones estipuladas por el vendedor , estoy muy satisfecho con la compra.The product arrived in the conditions set by the seller , I am very satisfied with the purchase .
 Ordered the watch - received it quickly ; wearing it now . I love the analog/digital Expidition . Easy to read analog face and have the benefits of a digital -LRB- especially the alarm -RRB- make it a great outdoorsman type of watch - good price too ! .
 The watch is a good one . It has larger numbers so it 's easy to read at a glance . It 's also very durable . I did n't like the watchband it came with adn replaced it with a velcro band which together is an awesome combination . It 's dependable but cost effective . Because it 's not expensive I 'm not afraid to expose it to any situation in which I participate . I hike , camp and fish in remote areas and it 's the perfect time piece . When you first get it there is the hassle of getting the digital time , date . . etc set . The only functions I use are the day/date/year and the alarm -LRB- when I want to wake up early to go fishing -RRB- . There are others but I doubt you 'd use them , but still there present if you need them . A good buy .
 I just bought the third of this particular model in the past 12 years . I am a soldier , and the features of this watch have served me well in that time . The band has been changed a bit , and not for the better in my opinion . That is the reason I give this model 4 stars instead of 5 . This is an excellent timepiece for use in the elements . It will not disappoint , and I highly recommend .
 I had an earlier generation of this watch , same color scheme but slightly different design . I think this is the best digital/analog combo out there , in terms of design . I am into interfaces , and Timex gets much right here : Audio feedback when alarm is toggled off2 level alarm beep pattern -LRB- more frantic one kicks in after ~ 10 sec of first one -RRB- Any-button alarm shutoffIf alarm setting is changed , alarm is automatically set to onSnoozeDifferent alarm pattern for timer alarmDecent number of numbers shown on analog face.Good set of digital functions -LRB- 2 time zones , timer -LSB- key for me -RSB- , stopwatch -LSB- lap/split -RSB- , 1 alarm per time zone , display can default to time or day & day-of-weekBut , on the other hand : The tiny AM/PM indicator is often in the shadow of the analog face openingTick is rather loudIndiglo is a little bright for dark room use . Feature request
 Well made and easy to read . Both with standard dial hands and digital time . nice metal case and back . Easy to program and set . I thought the strap was Velcro , which I prefer , because it is easier to get on and off , but , it is buckle type . strap is well made and looks like it is water proof.but , I 'd prefer it to be Velcro . overall , nice camping and hiking watch , witch is what I use it for . I have found it to keep accurate time and it is good in water up to 100M .
 todo esta en muy buen estado y perfeccion gracias por el envio al momento y en el tiempo acordado gracias
 My husband likes it , it works well for his job and is just right . I fits his needs
 what people are expecting on a 30 $ watch?If anyone wants something else , just pay for it!this one looks great on me -LRB- for me , hehe -RRB- I used as intended to -LRB- mecanix , snorkeling , bicicling , trekking , etc -RRB- for at least 4 years an it 's almost new , despite some wear on the fabric strap.The backlite and the other functions are very practical.I have not change the battery yet . And keep going .
 The Timex T45181 is a pretty looking thing I reckon , it is a tad smaller than some , by my own measurementthe casing is about 41mm wide . The very similar -LRB- black -RRB- Timex T5K202 appears at least one mm wider -LRB- 42mm -RRB- , also because that models ' buttons are more substantial and stick out more.So this would suit medium sized males or make a sporty women 's watch.The best thing about this watch is how it 's light-up function works in the dark , does n't blind you and is extremelyvisible , the best lit-up analog dial I have seen.For around $ 30 via Amazon this is a great value watch , I like it better than my Casio DW5600E-1V G-shock -LRB- that one can blind you in the dark -RRB- . Both the Timex T5K202 and this one are great analog/digi combo watches . I just use the digital part for the datemyself.By the way , a `` diving '' time ring that moves both ways is not a serious bit of gear , it 's there for looks , let 's face it : -RRB- Excellent value from a company that , in their effort to compete with Casio , outdoes that brand on quite a few oftheir designs , as they do here : -RRB-
 I 've had this watch for three years , wear it every day during workouts and remodeling work . It has constantly kept the correct time , date , alarm , stopwatch , light , all functions still working . Have replaced the battery once . The lens is scratch resistant . The band is like new . I would like a brighter watch face so it is easier to see . Great watch , fair price , would gladly purchase again .
 I like this watch because of its multifunctionality . I usually keep the day & date displsyed in the analog section.It keeps good time and is easy to synchronize .
 I 've had one of these for a couple of weeks . I wear my watch on the inside of my wrist , and when I used to have a similar watch in a thick metal case the noise of it hitting my desk was distracting . While still thick , the plastic case on this watch eliminates that for the most part . It has the same mechanism as the old watch , and so far has kept perfect time . One other big advantage over the old design is that the hands are so short they do n't block the digital display nearly as much as before . But unlike the old watch , only the hands are luminous , and it is n't as readable in poor light without using the illuminator - which is still on the left side of the case , making it a bit awkward to use if it 's on the left arm . I have no idea what purpose the bezel serves , but the crystal is recessed inside it , so maybe it 's there for protection . It ticks quietly , and has a LOUD alarm . Only big strike against it so far is the factory strap . It looks and feels like canvas , and would probably last forever ; but it 's ugly and it itched , so I replaced it with a leather strap . Those plastic things that hold the strap to the watch are very tightly fitted , and it was a royal pain to get them off .
 This is a great watch ; the more I use it , the more I like it . Wanted a watch with an elapsed time rotating bezel that rotates back and forth instead of just one way and also has a second time zone for aviation time.This watch has all that plus more . It is necessary to spend a couple relaxing sessions with the directions , but they do make sense after a while.I also like the way the watch looks.This watch is much more than I expected and I am very pleased with it .
 I have been using this Watch in a Hard Weather , and it has resisted fully.The color combination it 's great.I recommend this watch .
 The Timex is a good watch I liked the analog & digital combo its easy to read & use .
 Can see time in analog with date/day in digital , or other choices . Also nice to have basic compass if hiking .
 I 've owned three of these watches , they are n't pretty , but darn they work well.A number of years ago , I decided to upgrade from this watch , and buy a Victronix Swiss Army watches that was a bit nicer looking . After going through four bands on that watch and the bands no longer available , I needed a new watch . Well , here you go , back to the old standby . In fact today , it 's less expensive than what I paid many years ago.The watch face is large and easy to read . I like the ivory color and the large analog hands . One requirement for me was two times on my watch . I travel a lot and I always set the analog hands to where I am and leave the digital time with home time . This watch works perfectly for that purpose . The band is nothing special to look at , it is functional . Both the analog and digital time is very accurate.The packaging is super nice . Timex has done away with all the fancy plastic landfill packages and gone with a very simple red cardboard box . I like that a lot . No waste , no landfill garbage , just a well protected watch.It 's wonderful to be back with my old friend the Timex Expedition watch .
 This watch from Timex is functionally equivalent to watches priced at many times it 's cost . Rugged , attractive and , I anticipate , every bit as durable as the last Timex I purchased over twenty years ago and still use .
 Watch worked right out of the box . The instructions for setting time were certainly not as difficult as some have made them out to be , I had all the basic functions programmed within a few minutes . I do n't use the stopwatch or other advanced functions , I just want to know the time and sport a good looking analog mil-spec/adventure style watch . This is it !
 I got this watch -LRB- in blue -RRB- many years ago and wore it all the time . I loved all the features listed in the description and highlighted by other reviewers . The multi-time feature is fantastic and very useful when I was traveling for work through Asia and Europe . The stop watch was easy to use which I often do as part of my triathlon training -LRB- I 'm new to the sport so experts might want other features , I do n't know -RRB- and the alarm was so reliable I stopped using a travel alarm . After a few years the battery died and for some reason which I can not recall , I never replaced it , somehow thinking maybe more had happened to the watch . Actually I think I saw a watch at the drug store for $ 10 so I bought it with plans on replacing the battery but never did , as I said perhaps thinking more damage had occurred . Well recently I dug out the watch had the battery replaced and it works like new and I am so mad at myself for having waited all this time . And to the reviewer who said it does n't look great , I so disagree . I think it looks sharp .
 Great watch . No complaints . Exactly what I thought it would be for the money . This is the cheapest face watch with a second hand that also shows the digital time that I could find . Works great !
 I got this watch prior to my deployment to Afghanistan . I wanted an inexpensive watch that was analog and had an alarm . The olive green plastic is not particularly good looking , but it matches my uniform . Mine has the regular buckle strap so I ca n't comment on the velcro strap . I also recently noticed there is now a black and grey version of this watch.As a bonus to me , this watch keeps time in a second time zone in the digital portion . However , when you set the second time zone you can only set the hours , not the minutes . Since Afghanistan is 9:30 hours different from home , I can only set it to 9 hours away and remember to add 30 minutes in my head . Not a big deal , just a little odd .
 Seems like a well made watch that will stand up to an 8 year old . He enjoys figuring out how to use its multiple functions .
 nice watch -- I like it as it is not too big and does not weigh much at all . So far ... so good !!
 OK , it 's my second . Wish the band the end of the wrist strap tucks under was metal instead of plastic . The small button that controls the night lite some times sticks .
 Good lightweight watch , note that it is plastic not metal . So far so good with the durability-but I 've only had it for a month . Having trouble setting all the differnt functions . Instructions could be clearer.Only real negative point is that the watch band is stiff and cumbersome . I replaced it with an $ 8 velcro band ; just easier to put on and take off .
 everything I want but itructions are extreamly hard to understand . Very good deal if you want both analog and digital functions .
 This is my second watch of this kind . The first stopped working after a couple of years . I came back to it because it is economical , phenomenally accurate , and has all the features that I want in a watch.On the down side , as mentioned , the watch may break after a couple of years . In addition , the strap provided is not the advertised velcro strap but rather a conventional strap with a buckle . The strap guide broke on my last watch after a 18 months , and I had to replace the strap .
 timex is just great . all my friends are like my g shock is better than your timex . i said to them timex has been around for maybe 100 years or so timex knows how to make a watch . but this timex is just hands down a great watch.timex watch company thay know what thay are doing so just trust me buy a timex .
 I should have read more details prior to purchase , I just wanted a simple analog watch , with a date read out , this watch has a lot going on , alarms stop watches etc , different time zones , took me along time to get it sorted out to where I could use it , but overall great watch , looks good in my uniform -LRB- OD green -RRB- .
 I bought this watch before going on an African safari . I liked that I could set the actual time in the analog face and my home time zone in the digital read out . That way I could easily know when I could contact my office in the States.It is a lot lighter than I thought . It is made primarily of plastic but it held up under the rough conditions of off roading in Kenya . The ticking is louder than my other watches so when all is quiet you can hear it real well . Overall , it served it 's purpose and for the price , you ca n't go wrong .
 I bought this watch for a trip I was taking over Spring Break , and was a little nervous as some of the reviews seemed to indicate a pattern of failure . No such problems here.On my trip I spent a week building hiking trails . Not hiking , but BUILDING . So there was a considerable amount of high impact activity , as well as quite a few whacks to the sides and face of the watch . I have not had any problems with the watch locking up or falling apart.The only thing that prevents this being a 5-star review is that the process for setting the digital time and setting the remote is not as intuitive as one would think ; I 've definitely had to keep the manual handy.Absolutely happy with my purchase and it has become my everyday watch .
 This watch has just the features I needed . The fabric band is still a little stiff , but it 's good looking and works .
 I decide to purchase that watches because I receive a promo and they satisfy me Timex is a good brand .
 I bought this watch few weeks ago , Very quick delivery , When I got the actual watch , I was a little ste back , as it 's so very light to wear . But it keeps good time.and every thing seems to work . The date changed at Feb 29 . it went straight to the 1st March.Have not tested it in water , But then again I do n't intend to use it whilst swimming . For the Price , I believe it 's a good Buy . Regards Richard .
 I bought this watch for $ 25 before my deployment to Iraq . My watch has been subjected to conditions that were far worse than the average wearer would probably experience . Conditions such as extreme heat , fine dust , and complete submersion in different liquids have not even fazed this watch . I have even accidently knocked it against concrete walls and tactical vehicles with it staying fully intact . Being able to set different time zones is a great feature . I always knew what time it was back home . I am really not sure what people expect for $ 25 , anything past the ability to tell time is an added bonus to me . While it wo n't impress any ladies with its looks , it is a great buy .
 The features in this watch are exactly what is required if you travel globally like me . The 3 time zones which can be set in this watch is a nice feature . The backlight is adequate and the alarm is loud enough to wake you up . The only reason i didnt give this watch a 5 is beacuse of the strap . Though a nylon strap feels good , its not my preferred choice.But you can always replace the strap to any material you want afterwards , which i intend to do . Timex watches are always known for their long battery life and this watch doesnt dissapoint . I recommend this watch to anyone who likes adventure gear .
 i had one just like it ... and i lost it . it 's why i bought another one . the analog tells me the time , and the digital tells me the date . it takes a bit of learning , but that 's the same of any digital watch . and this has the best of both worlds !
 I got this Timex watch because the $ 100 brand `` B '' watch I purchased got water under the crystal when I washed my hands -LRB- not quite water resistant to 100 meters -RRB- . I exchanged it for another brand `` B '' and within a week , more water under the crystal . The Timex is working great and no problem when I wash my hands . I should have gotten this watch first .
 This is my second Timex T45181 . The last one hung on for at lesat three years use . Always accurate to the second time and the Indiglo face was great for nighttime clockwatching . Setting it was no problem after a little puttering around . I am a tiny bit dissappointed with the fabric band on this one however . Is is very stiff - and the end with the holes is cut square with something like glue across the end . -LRB- They may have used heat to keep it from fraying causing it to melt ? -RRB- Anyway , the stiffness and square cut make it difficult to poke through the metal closure on the other strap . Hopefully it will soften with use . Hope so - this is a great watch for an outdoorsy guy !
 I seem to be buying one of these every year or two , usually through my own abuse :-RRB- Like wearing it all the time , even in the shower and occasionally in salt water . For the price , this is a nice watch . I like the indiglo light and the alarm function . Just cool looking , too : -RRB-
 I bought this watch for my teenaged son and he loves it . It is easy to set and the alarm is loud enough he uses it instead of an alarm clock in the mornings . The Indiglo feature is bright and easy to read . The general look of the watch is `` cool '' plus it has a nifty compass ! Wish there was a smaller women 's version ...
 This watch is very easy to read , light weight and accurate . Have a good sized collection of watches.The top is my Rolex and then work my way down.This watch may be the least expensive , but rates high as a practical time piece I wear it for work and dress . .
 The first one had some timekeeping issues but as with all electronic devices , the initial use is when defects usually show up . A quick and easy replacement arrived along with what was necessary via email to return the defective watch.All in all , I spend less time than driving to a store , including going through the replacement process .
 I have had very good luck with cheap Timex watches . They look decent and are very dependable for the price . I am an outdoorsman and an expensive watch just is n't me , but the Timex Expedition keeps good time and you do n't have to baby it .
 The watch is good . It 's good for the price , it 's made of plastic , but it has a good look . I think it has good rate quality-price .
 This watch is great . I bought it a year ago and it keeps on ticking . One day I went swimming and it slipped off 27 hours later I find it STILL TICKING . It is not easy to scratch this watch so if you want quality for cheap get this watch .
 TIMEX makes a Great watch , I 've had 3 or 4 of these . Rugged and functional.The stock band after a few months will have to be replaced because the leather underside absorbs sweat and you know what happens . So I buy a simple nylon band that can be washed .
 This watch was a christmas gift 15 years ago . Im on my third one . The best light weight everyday watch I have ever owed , and i m 69 .
 Great product for the price . Can be worn in all environments and still performs well . I would purchase this watch again .
 My husband likes being outdoors . He has two other quality watches , but enjoys wearing the Timex Expedition more . He finds it to be durable , comfortable , and dependable . This is his second Timex Expedition and he wore the first one for several years before it finally gave out .
 There 's something to be said about `` simple '' when it comes to watches these days . The Timex Expedition Full Brown Camper is much like the old manual wind time pieces only better . No winding required because it 's battery operated and it features the handy IndiGlo backlight so you can check the time in the dark or use it as an emergency -LRB- stress emergency -RRB- flashlight.I do a lot of fishing , hiking , and hunting and this watch holds up well under rough conditions . Overall a great watch for the price .
 This watch has an easy to read dial and features Indiglo illumination for viewing it in the dark.The sports band is part green/khaki canvas , part brown leather , very attractive . And the price onAmazon was half what it was in the store ! Highly recommended !
 The Timex Expedition Camper Watch is a compact , durable , low cost analog watch that is ideally suited to rugged use in a marine environment or anywhere outdoors.After years of reliable service , it is easy to replace .
 I 've owned this very watch for many years and despite having much more exspensive watches in the drawer , this is the one I wear every day . It has kept perfect time , is easy to read , is light and comfortable . I wear it in and out of the water and during hard dusty farm work . The one feature I really like is the Indiglo lighted dial . I wear the watch when I sleep , so if I wake up in the middle of the night , I can easily see what time it is.If you want an expensive jewelled watch to impress your friends , then get something else . If you want a simple affordable watch that performs its function perfectly - buy this one .
 The watch is just what I thought it would be . The canvas strap is backed by leather for comfort against your skin and it has held up to it 's water resistancy in lakes , swimming pools and water parks . I bought it to use as an inexpensive watch for camping and so far I am fully satisifed .
 Just a great watch . Keeps perfect time , very rugged and masculine . Paid less than $ 30.00 and have worn it snorkeling in Cozumel and working around the house .
 muy buen servicio y producto . Todo llego a tiempo y con la calidad esperada.muy buen servicio y producto . Todo llego a tiempo y con la calidad esperada .
 I had looked for a replacement for my rustic Eddie Bauer watch -LRB- made by Timex -RRB- and this appeared to be it . The watch did n't disappoint as it has a an attractive but rustic appearance , is water resistant and of good value . The nylon band is comfortable and functional for outdoor use as I had planned to wear it while working and boating around the cottage . The one downside to the watch is that it has a ticking sound that is noticeable from my bedside table at night .
 This is a great watch for outdoor activities like camping or hiking or just as a weekend watch . Simple , does n't scratch , easy to read and has the Indiglo feature for night or low light . This is my second Expedition Camper and is highly recommeneded . You do n't have to worry about water or shock . This one takes it .
 I 've had one of these for many years , wearing it working in the yard , in the water swimming , boating , and to the office . It 's held up through all this activity , as well as being stylish and lightweight . The band has n't deteriorated from constantly getting wet . It 's also easy to replace the battery yourself with a miniature screwdriver . I highly recommend this watch .
 I seldom do reviews on products , as I enjoy writing about books more . But every so often I come across a product that not only meets the advertisement claims , but far exceeds them . This watch , the Timex Men 's Expedition Camper Watch is one of those products . I have had mine for years and I do mean years ! I have expensive watches which at times I will wear , but this one is by far the best of the lot . Now I am very hard on watches ; really not giving them a break . The one I have now has spent as much time in the water as it has on dry land , or so it seems at times . It has been in dust storms , freezing weather , saltwater , mud , manure , sand and muck of unknown origins . Through all of this it has kept almost perfect time . Once about ever three or four months I have to make a slight adjustment , but that is all . Numbers on the watch are big , which I like and it is simple , i.e. no bells and whistles to worry about.While I feel it is very attractive , apparently many do not , as I have left this one laying around the gym on many occasions and it as yet to be stolen . The only problem I have ever had with the thing is that once in a while I will catch it on something and one of the metal spring things that hold the watch to the band will break . This does not happen often . The last time it happened to me , an Emu was dragging me down a fence line and the watch caught on the wire of the fence . I was able to fix it that after noon.If you want something fancy and expensive ; go elsewhere . If you want a good buy on a watch that is hard to kill and keeps good time ; then this is the one for you.NOTE
 I purchased this for my husband who is always asking me what time it is . He relies on his cell phone for the time but it 's always tucked in his pocket and hard to get to . This watch is a good-looking manly watch that has a sturdy band WITH BIG NUMBERS !!! , he does n't even have to put his reading glasses on . He really likes it !! but misses asking me `` What time is it ? '' .
 I have owned a lot of watches in my day , but this one stands out above all others . Forget that designer crap and go for this one . It 's stylish , rugged , and functional . Indiglo , date and 10yr . battery life .
 I bought mine to take on a 10 week trip all over Europe and wanted the Indiglo function and the 24 hour dial plus if i lost it no big deal . I still wear it and just replaced the original battery ! I taught in a school of architecture and I like the simple functional look . I have 70 year old eyes and can easily see the dial , I actually like the ticking . I do not swim in it but over the years it has seen a good bit of water with no problems . It obviously is not a fine watch , but for -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks it is a masterpiece of design . My wife suggested I get a new one and I said no way !!! For what it is it is a perfect design . I admit , it is on it 's second band . The minute it dies , excuse me , passes away , nothing dies anymore , I will be on Amazon ordering another .
 I do hard construction work , and have destroyed a lot of good watches -LRB- smashing , scratching , catching , and forgetting to take them off before running the jackhammer -RRB- . This little plastic Timex , which cost $ 16 back then , is amazing . I bought 2 of them because they were so cheap and so I would not be without a watch when the first one broke . The other one is still sitting in my drawer unused . This watch is all scratched up , and I have replaced the watchband several times , but it is still has the original battery , is still waterproof and extremely accurate . One of the greatest features is its light weight . You do n't even feel it is there , and I think the light weight and thin dimension help keep it from being damaged .
 I have only owned the watch for one-day , so I can only give my first impression
 I also have had this watch for years . I bought it to wear when I 'm out doing yard work , working with concrete , carpentry , etc. . I figured it would last a summer or so . The watch is light , dial is easy to read , the crystal is still unscratched and I have yet to change the battery . The watch keeps great time and the indiglo light works as advertised . Easily worth twice the price . This watch is one of those few things in life that far exceed expectations .
 I 've had this watch for about 8 months . It keeps perfect time , never readjusted it except for daylight savings . Wear it every day doing military work , and on weekends too . The band is very comfortable , and the watch stays squared to my wrist all day unlike other watches I 've bought.Pros : - Keeps great time-Comfortable -LRB- you 'll forget you 're wearing it until you need the time -RRB- - Looks good doing about anything-Simple to adjust-Easy to read-Good indiglo feature-Durable-Get your money 's worthCons : - Ticks a little loud-Luminescent hands only glow for about 10 minutes
 This watch was pretty much what I was expecting . Your basic , nicely styled , well made time piece from Timex for a reasonable price . A couple of minor cautions though . One concern is the construction of the strap and it 's a little hard to describe . The little leather tab sewn onto the tail end of the strap catches on the bands that hold down the strap making it difficult to unfasten . And eventually it will probably start pulling out the stitching on that tab . My solution was to take a pair of small sharp scissors and round off the corners so it did n't catch anymore . Problem solved but why should I have to . One other note ... syncing the date to the time , requires you to figure out the cycle of p.m. vs. a.m. since this is what triggers the date to turn over to the next day . But there is nothing to tell you when you set the time , which is which . You just have to note when you do set it , that the time will start to turn the date when it hits 10 pm . So if the date is not turning over at 10 , that one is a.m. Otherwise all is good and I 'm glad to get my indiglo back -LRB- my last expedition 's indiglo had been out for the last couple of years while it still functioned otherwise -RRB- .
 Carefree watch , strap it on and go . Hands glow in the dark . Calendar . Arabic numerals . Plastic case . Great for wearing to work or outside or if you wear casual clothing . And remember hearing mechanical watches tick ? This one actually does . Would replace with the same watch if I lost it.Thanks
 Item was as advertised . it arrived on time and in good condition . this watch will be used during daily chores and in my workshop . I liked the appearance and the price seemed to be a good value .
 Easy to read , light weight and very reasonably priced . Better than most discount store deals . I nice gift for someone who is hard on their watch .
 Simple , back to basics , no frills watch . Exactly what my husband wanted-a simple , waterproof field watch at a good price
 bought this for my Army Reaserve son . he thinks it ; s great and wears it all the time . just the thing for the outdoor lover in general
 This is the 2nd time I have purchased this watch ; only because the first one lasted so long . The older still runs but I 'm brutal on watchs never taking them off for work . The old watch was damaged to the point , that I could not read it anymore . The older watch is around 5 years old . Great bang for your buck . I also bought a spare Velcro style band since the factory canvas / leather bands tend to be short lived when they get wet contantly . 4 stars becase of the band .
 This is a good watch for the money . I work outdoors in all types of weather and this watch has been rained on , put is pools full of water , and just worn like it is part of my skin and it keeps on going . I would have given it a five star review but it has one minor flaw . When it is quiet or you have a phone to your ear with your watch hand you can hear it ticking . Other than that this watch is a great value .
 Pros
 I have half - dozen watches and this Timex is my favorite everyday watch . I write this review after three years of use . This watch has taken a beating and has never stops ... The night light is great . The face is easy to read and , for travelers , if you go through airport security it does not set alarms off . BEST is that is truly is water resistant ... . really it is water proof . I forgot to take it off while scuba diving last month and I went deep -LRB- 160 ' -RRB- on a wreck dive ... I came back up and my Timex was in perfect condition ... tic tic tic . I love the watch . Highly recommended .
 I gave this watch to my husband for Christmas . He loves it . He wanted a watech with numbers he could see that also had the date . He has told me several times he likes how easy it is to set the time and date . He likes the black and green color and the indiglo light is a great plus which he did not request .
 This is a nice and very reliable everyday watch . Good looking without being flashy . I had a similar one for over twenty years . Very pleased , good price , good investment . No worries . If you keep it for years , the band wo n't last but they are easy to find and replace .
 Pros
 I am amazed how nice this watch is for the price . I am in law enforcement and it goes very well with my BDU uniform . Being able to see the time in the dark is a big benefit to me . This watch at first looks less dressy than most but it turns out it goes very well with the `` dress up '' cloths .
 I first saw this watch on a friend 's wrist and he said he liked it very much . There is n't a woman 's version of this watch but I 'm glad there is n't . I like the large analog dial . The indiglo feature is great . Good looking , comfortable wrist band . Terrific watch for sports and other outdoor activities .
 FANTASTIC . Cost great . Back light great . Time keeping great . Eight year battery great .
 Everythng I wanted ! Indiglo , date , waterproof , stylish . I bought this for my boyfriend , he loves it .
 Good price , accurate description and fast shipping . I 'll be back to check for your merchandise again .
 This is my second one of this model . I bought the previous one at Walmart several years ago for over $ 30 . It has gone thru hell . Minor scratches on the crystal , stained band , wear marks on the little twisty thingy , leather bands torn off long ago , a couple of battery replacements , but just like the old ads on TV , it takes a lickin ' and keeps on tickin ' . That old watch is now used in the work shop , chicken coop , auto repair shop and such areas . The new one is worn to the office - ok , so I do n't have a real fancy executive position , but this watch looks great nonetheless . I love this watch , nothing real fancy , just a good looking , dependable , time keeper . And if I do end up crushing it or spilling gasoline on it -LRB- yes , I 've done that to a watch before - instant death to that watch , a favored Micky Mouse watch at that ! -RRB- it wo n't cost me a fortune . Who would spend more than $ 40 bucks on a watch anyway ? As long as I can get a watch like this , I will continue to buy one .
 Bought this watch for my husband . He has several very expensive watches that I noticed he seldom wears . So I asked him why . He said he was n't comfortable traveling in expensive jewelry . So we got to talking about watches and our favorites ones from our `` early years '' -LRB- we 're both in our 50 's -RRB- . We were both surprised to find out both of our favorite watches were Timex 's . He is very happy with his new Timex . He wear it everywhere ! We both laugh about the old Timex slogan
 It was a christmas present for my best friends granddaughter and she loved it . Her brother was helping her to set the time etc. . He said he wanted a watch too .
 Bought this for my 10 year old daughter at Christmas this year . We have had a hard time finding a ` big kid ' watch that fits her very narrow wrist ... this fits and lets her tell time on her more mature sport watch . Great buy !
 The watch is a little big for my 8 yr old daughter 's wrist , but she really likes it . We bought it especially for the alarm feature .
 I ordered this watch for my 6-year-old niece 's Christmas gift , and she loves it . The color is little-girl enough , but the features are complex enough for her to be able to use the watch for several years . The minute she opened it , she put it on and started timing people and herself at whatever task they were doing . How adorable is that ? Her mother is an extreme athlete , so I knew that a watch similar to her mom 's would be way cooler to her than a licensed character themed product . The quality is way better than a lot of the other children 's watches as well . I 'm pleased with the purchase , as is my niece . I scored some good Auntie Brownie Points with this gift !
 I bought this for my daughter to wear at camp and , although it has not made it there yet , I have no doubt that it will be great . She has worn it in the pool several times and it has come out unharmed , and it is sized well for her 9 year old arm . I would think it might be a bit big for younger kids , but for her it fits great . It is also easy to read and easy for her to figure out how to use . Go Timex !
 My daughter loves it and likes to show it off to her friends , its a solid product and priced a bit on the lower side : - -RRB-
 My 8 year old loves this and seems to have more of an appitude for figuring out the features than her mom . This has a timer , alarm and lots of neat features for kids to use . The band is velcro making it easier to get on ; it illuminates so kids can see time at night , just great . Band seems to be a bit stringy , but no issues to detract from usefulness ; sized well for a small wrist !
 I bought the watch for my daughter to her help her with taking a break to rest the eyes every 20 minutes . It is easy enough for a 7 year old to learn to use very quickly , and the kids in her class say it 's a &#34; cool watch &#34; .
 A very cute , but simple watch for every young lady . The price was very acceptable & the watch is very durable & simple to operate .
 Bought this for my 5 yr old daughter and use the timer function to head back home after outside playtime . There are loads of icons at the top -LRB- bikes , swim , run -RRB- that are simple animations , which my 5 yr old thought were pretty neat . As others have mentioned the straps are very big for your average elementary school girl . However , it gets tight enough where it does n't come off .
 Item was purchased for active eight year old daughter . She loves it and the watch is waterproof . She tested it.Nothing more to say .
 Wanted to get my daughter a digital friendly watch . For the price you get a lot of features , but not sure if children watch needs all of theses bells and whistles . It is hard for her to figure out which button is for which function . There is the time of course , date , a stop watch , alarm , light , and a timer for riding bikes/walking/running .
 Would have given it 5 stars but the face scratched easily . Overall the watch is perfect -LRB- the price , the size and the look -RRB- , the watch appeals to my little girl so thats what mattered . If the price remains , I 'll definitely purchase another one .
 My daughter got this watch to take to summer camp . We tested it daily in our pool for about a month before she left . No problems there , so she took it with her to camp . While there , she went swimming in it as well as wearing it to her regular daily activities . The watch held up well . The alarm feature was a good bonus for her . It meant not having to send an alarm clock with her to camp . My daughter loves the color and design . She has a very small wrist and it adjusts just fine to fit her . The velcro makes it easy for her to put it on and off . All in all , it was a great purchase for her .
 It fits well on my 6 year-old 's wrist and the clock face is n't too large -LRB- she 's a rather small 6 year old -RRB- . It works great ; my only gripe is that the hourly alarm beep is n't loud or long enough . But if you do n't need that feature , it 's perfect .
 I bought this for my 8 year old granddaughter for her birthday . She requested a watch like this . She has been wearing it to school and likes how the band works . She also likes that it has a light .
 This watch was a Christmas gift for my 5 year old which she fell in love with ! The easy to read digital face alleviates the constant `` What time is it ? '' question , and the indiglo feature is fun at bedtime . She keeps it on in the shower , as I do with my own IronMan . Her only problem is that she inadvertantly hits the chronograph button and has a hard time getting it back to regular time . I think she 'll figure that out as she gets a little older , and I have no doubt the watch will still be ticking along with her!UPDATE 5/12/2012 : This watch is still running strong and we have yet to need to change the battery . The band is frayed a bit , but c'mon ... my daughter is 8 now and it still works !
 I bought this watch for my 6 year old granddaughter for Christmas . She needed a watch with a timer so that she would know when her play time had ended . She wears it everyday and loves it !! It 's easy to set the timer and all the other settings on the watch -- perfect for her age !
 Good watch . The band is my favorite feature . Got my girls this watch for Christmas and one wears it all the time . Seems a little hard for them to operate though .
 The watch was a perfect gift for my niece who is sport 's minded . I was specifically looking for a sport watch small enough to fit her wrist . The velcro strap was a great touch . The only complaint I have is that the watch was already running . For how long and will the battery last is in question . I wondered if the watch was a return .
 After looking everywhere for a girl 's digital watch , I finally found this one . Very happy with this purchase . I would recommend this to a friend .
 Great watch overall for an active kid . The numbers are big . The indiglo is great for our early morning run . My 9 y.o. daughter was able to do everything herself - set the time , alarm , countdown , etc. . The only complaint is that the band is a bit large for my daughter 's wrist . As for durability , we 're into our 6th month of swimming and running . So far so good . BTW - she really likes the animated runner/swimmer/biker on the watch face .
 Made a great Christmas gift for my daughter . She liked the color . Hopefully this one will last longer than any
 We use this watch for our kids who go to the park outside without us . Every 10 minutes the timer goes off and they come in for a check up . Great transition watch working towards independent time telling .
 I bought this for my 9 yr . old daught . She wears it all the time and is happy w/it . Now she can keep track of her time and day w/out asking mom !
 She has barely had it off since she 's received it . She loves it . She has a while , but ca n't wait until she can use it to time her swimming this summer .
 Very nice watch . Easy to setup and start using . My daughter rarely ever takes it off .
 I 'm very happy with this product . It works great and didnt give me any problems .
 The watch is very nice and functional.The watch is very nice and functional.The watch is very nice and functional .
 I purchased this watch for my daughter to help her get started with a running program . She loves the watch and the pink color .
 Es un reloj excelente y de buena calidad . Mi hija est&aacute; encantada con su nuevo reloj . Lo recomiendo ampliamente .
 I bought this watch for my 10 year old . She 's girly but is n't into hearts and flowers and most of the girls ' watches do n't appeal to her for this reason . So when we came across this one it fit the bill pretty well . Pink , but not obnoxiously so , and since there 's not a lot of embellishments it 's not too juvenile.She likes the extra features of the timer and stopwatch . It makes her feel more grown up I think . We 're also trying to get her used to waking to an alarm , so that feature is great for us as well . Every watch I 've bought her has been a Timex Indiglo . They 're pretty durable and the Indiglo feature is cool for parents and kids alike . Plus the price is usually pretty decent.Great watch for the money , but I was surprised at Amazon 's price . Even with free shipping from Amazon , it was cheaper for me to buy this watch , and pay shipping costs , from an independent seller . I 'd prefer to buy from Amazon until it comes down to saving money .
 My Traci -LRB- 9 years old -RRB- likes her Ironkids Sports Watch a LOT . More than I ever thought a kid would . She has some vision problems up close but the time is large and clear enough for her to read and the functions are simple enough that she does n't have to pull out an instruction manual to set a timer or something .
 My 8yr old grandaughters love this watch ... it can get wet when they do , the settings are easy to use and the lighted dial is great at night . I think they wear them 24/7 !
 My daughter absolutely loves this watch . We 've had it more than a month now & it lives up to the Timex slogan , `` It takes a lickin ' but keeps on tickin . ''
 Great value , my daughter loves it although would be nice to have more colour options . The watch is easy to use especially the buttons which are easy for a childs fingers to push .
 My daughtr just tuned 6 years old and I purchased this watch for her birthday . it is her very 1st watch so I wanted it to be simple and easy for her to read . This watch provides that and it is fasionable enough for her to want to wear it most of the time . The graphics of a biker , runner and swimmer are fun for her to look at too . I highly recommend this product .
 My 8 yo earned herself a watch this is the one she chose . She wears it every day . The band is a little big .
 I thought this was a great purchase for my child . I have purchased 3 other watches that have the cheap bands from walmart . The Timex kids watch has The fast wrap velcro strap is perfect for any young user who enjoys having a watch . Plus I do n't have to help my child every morning to put it one . Very nice!It is fun to have all the different features too . It keeps my child interested in how fast she can walk different places , how fast she can read etc. . It also is water proof up to 100 meters . Nice ! This was a great purchase and I would recommend this to my friends and family for sure !
 The watch was a good price and had free shipping . My granddaughter loves to run and swim and it 's held up well . It 's easy for her to use , she 's eight .
 My 9 year old daughter loves it , and motivated her to run with me a few times . Nothing else needs to be said !
 My daughter had been asking for a watch for at least a year , because her older brother has one . I got her this one , and she loves it , even after a few months when it 's not just a new gadget . It 's a little big on her wrist , but she 's only six years old and small for her age , so I 'm not surprised . It stays on , and it 's tight enough not to wobble around a lot and bother her . It 's somewhat thick , but , again , many watches seem to be thick these days , and she does n't complain . In return , it 's digital , which means she can read it easily . It 's pink , which was essential for her . It has all the functionality of Ironman watches , with a chronometer , timer , and alarm , which she likes playing with and which mean that she can set a watch alarm to wake her in the morning and I can set the timer to help her get a move on when there 's a need to hurry . Very good watch . Plus Timex has a replacement plan , so when she inevitably loses it -LRB- which might not happen after all , since she wo n't take it off -RRB- , we can replace it for less than buying a new one .
 This will be a Christmas present for my granddaughter and I have no doubt it will be met with a big smile . The quality and looks of this watch make it a hit . As always what I have purchased from Amazon will not disappoint .
 I bought this for my 5 year-old so that she would be reminded to stop playing and go to the bathroom . The hour chime was a bit quiet so if she was playing hard she would n't hear it . The strap was a wee bit long and the excess got caught on things . I worked on it and got it to lay flat while still fitting her wrist . The most important thing to know about this watch is that , although water resistant , DO NOT PRESS BUTTONS WHILE SUBMERGED IN WATER . This will allow water in and stop the watch from working . My daughter loved the watch so I 'm going to get it replaced .
 My ten year old daughter is happy with how it looks and feels and was able to figure out how to use all the functions on her own .
 Bought it as a Christmas gift for a 12 year old girl . Order arrived on time and in excellent condition . It was the perfect gift , easy to program , looks great .
 Really this watch is better for childs , is friendship and help her to learn the correct time . my daughters enjoyed it
 She wanted a digital watch , but never specified the color . When she opened this one -- she was widely smiling and dancing as if her greatest wish had been answered . Has n't been off her wrist since .
 I had no doubt that this watch would be a quality one . After all , Timex is no &#34; fly-by-night &#34; company and I 'm certain my granddaughter will love it . .
 I purchased this for my very bright five year old great-granddaughter , and I think this will be one of her favorite Christmas gifts !
 My daughter loves this FIRST watch for her . She can already tell analog time , however , this has more bells and whistles that kids this age loves . I would just change the strap to a regular rubber all around due to the velcro being a big sticky and rough on the delicate skin of young ones .
 Though my 4 year old does n't use it as often as I would like , this is one good watch.Lots of features for the price and pretty solid too .
 My daughter absolutely LOVES this watch . I love all the features it has and its very easy for my daughter -LRB- 8 yrs old -RRB- to set the alarm herself and turn it on/off . Stays true to the time as well .
 Bought this watch for my 7 yr old granddaughter for her bday , November , 2012 . It fits her well & now she always knows what time it is.Great buy !
 Pros
 I like this watch because of it 's clean design . The face is clear to read and the red seconds hand really stands out against the white background . I 'm glad to see that analog style watches are making a comeback . This watch will be the one to wear on my off days or in a casual setting . The only downside is that the digital window dose n't light up when you use the indiglo feature . Otherwise , this watch works great for me . As for using Amazon to get this watch , that too was easy and the delivery time was fast , espically during this time of year . If I need another watch , Amazon is the website to go to . Thank you .
 I 'm very pleased with my purchase , particularly at this price point . This watch is a larger womens watch - which is what I wanted but the art deco-ish design fits well - if you look at the picture , you 'll note that the base of the case is slightly larger than the top - and I think it makes for a more comfortable fit -LRB- although I 'm sure that 's not what the designers were going for ... -RRB- . The price was very attractive for a Hamilton , most likely because this does n't have a date feature -LRB- which is okay for me -RRB- . If you go on Hamilton 's web site , you 'll see this model is the Brooke -LRB- I believe -RRB- and this watch compares very favorably to the MSRP listed on that website . One thing you should review on the website , however , is the face of the Brooke model - the picture on Amazon does not show the subtle striping on the face of the watch that the Hamilton website shows - I like it , however , and I find that the watch face in person is more of a dark charcoal grey with grey stripe down the center , rather than the solid black you see here . The effect is still the same - stainless with a dark face - but adds a bit more flash . The second smaller dial is the second hand . The Hamilton website also noted a model number on the womens ' Brooke model with an XS with the men 's showing XL . I was concerned that meant the watch was a smaller watch so , as noted previously , I was very pleased when the watch arrived and it was a larger -LRB- but not too large -RRB- watch . Thanks Amazon !
 I got this watch as gift as one of my friends.Very good for the value , would recommend it .
 Nice watch very sporty and perfect for everyday ... ! the price is great ... buy it and have fun : - -RRB-
 This an amazing deal for a Kenneth Cole watch . The face of the watch is actually larger than I thought it would be -LRB- 1.5 `` W x 1.5 H -RRB- . But it looks very modern and trendy . It 's a good watch for daily wear and going out informally . The thick curved glass and shiny metal with brushed accents makes the watch look more pricey than it actually was . Oh yeah , I almost forgot to mention that it has been keeping time accurately also : -RRB-
 I looked everywhere for the KC watch I wanted and this was my favorite . The best part was that it was almost $ 45 cheaper on Amazon than at the department stores . Good quality and very sleek look . If you like square faced watches that are dependable and affordable , I would highly recommend this watch .
 I have been replacing watches that I lost in 2007 and this KC grabbed my attention . It is a sleek and modern looking watch , I like its square look and the way the watchseems to flow into the watch band . So far it is keeping good time . It feels well built , but not to heavy . Its a watch that you can wear for any occasion . The only reason I give it 4 not 5 is the color , and this may be my computers fault , on my screen the watch has a slight green tint -LRB- that I like -RRB- but the watch in fact is just shiny stainless steel , but still a very nice looking watch , one I will wear often .
 We purchased this watch for all of our groomsmen at our wedding . They loved it so much that my husband bought one too !
 good , thick watch for those nights when you want to be a showboat . significantly shiny bracelet and frame with sleek design . water-resistant to some degree , which is always a plus . only 4 stars for its need to be adjusted for smaller wrists . but perhaps you ca n't blame that on kenneth cole . you could probably bruise someone fairly badly if caught in a late-night bar brawl kind of situation , given that you are wearing this while throwing a decent right hook . enjoy .
 If you are looking for a high quality swiss time piece , then look no further than this Oris . The styling is exquisite with fine attention to detail . The movement is from ETA -LRB- the same quality and standard that goes into Breitlings and Tags -RRB- Go on , be different from the crowd and bag one of these baby !
 This watch is really original with a silver strip on the white band.It was very quickly delivered with no problem.The only disadvantage its that the band goes dirty very quickly -LRB- it 's dulled -RRB- .
 Awsome watch . But it gets dirty real fast . Nothing worked when I tried to clean it ... So it turned gray and not white by the time .
 I ordered this watch because it was advertised as a package deal - it was supposed to come with a metal watchband and a leather band that could be changed out . But it did not arrive with the leather band , and when I called to complain they said that it was not supposed to come with both bands . I argued that it was written in the product description and even the picture on the site showed both bands . After being on hold for a while they ended up offering me 25.00 to `` keep the watch anyway . '' It was irritating . Everything else was fine , though -LRB- good condition , arrived on time , works well . -RRB- I think they have since updated the product information to avoid future problems .
 It looks exactly as the displayed image . The back fell off the first one that I received . The company that I ordered from , CDI Watches through Amazon , diligently and quickly replaced the watch . The description is not exactly accurate -LRB- to me -RRB- ... ` hands telling the time ' to me meant that Mickey Mouse 's hands tell the time . But it means that Mickey 's hands are permanently at 3:50 and the thin double-bladed metallic hands tell the actual time . Those thin hands are a little difficult to see ; also has a red second hand . Look at picture carefully ; it is accurate . A light burnt brick red diamond shape and a darker muted plum colored diamond shape on inside of band . A plus for me is that it is packaged in a metal box . Box China , movement Japan . If you can overlook the issue with the hands , it 's a respectable watch to add to a collection .
 I was looking for a compact and attractive bedside clock and I found it in this clock . The only negative is that I have to push a button on top to see the time at night , but all and all I was very satisfied .
 My husband needed this clock b/c our electricity can sometime be spotty & his being on time can be life or death sometimes ! This clock is great . It works on a single AA battery . The face is easy to read , the alarm is easy to set once you get the hang of setting a clock face & the alarm is plenty loud . Seems to run pretty true to time & have n't had to reset it because of gaining or losing time .
 THIS ARRIVED TODAY VERY WELL PACKED AND IN EXCELLENT CONDITION . THIS CLOCK HAS A VERY ATTRACTIVE FACE AND FITS INTO THE ROOM EASILY .
 Just got this in the mail today and I 'm pleased . Its getting very hard to find an alarm clock that is n't lit up at night and I sleep better in a dark room . It does light with the touch of a button , so you can read the time if needed , but my watch does this better for me . The alarm is n't shockingly loud , which might be a problem if one had hearing disabilities , but I 'm a light sleeper , so I 'm happy about that too . I agree that it would be nice if the case were metal , but it seems well enough made . Metal case would hold up better long term of course , and I ca n't speak to longevity since it just arrived . If it does n't hold up , I 'll edit this review .
 The clock is very quiet , which was what I was searching for . It 's very in the front attractive as well . The only disappointment is that the back of the clock looks a little cheap given the price of the clock .
 This is a great clock . It 's quiet and there is no illumination to bother you while sleeping . To see the time just simple touch the top and the face lights up . What I also like about it , the illumination of the face does n't stay on once you remove your hand from the top . You can get right back to sleep . You really do n't even know there is a clock in your room . I have two in my bedroom , hubby has one on his side and I have one . We actually sleep better now than we did with the so called smart clocks we use to have .
 Good thing is I did n't listen to other people 's complaints about this clock . It is perfect fine for this price and quality . It is chic . And I do n't think the alarm is noisy as some people complained . You should see other crappy alarm clocks making noise that will really give you heart attack .
 As some reviewers noted , this clock is large for an alarm clock . The backside curves out , taking up more space than would seem necessary . The alarm has a pleasant ring and a nice light that is very functional . Really has a lot of nice features and is quite attractive , may be a little overstated for some . My over all opinion , based on Seiko 's reputation , is that it is probably has a very good quality movement and will be accurate and durable . We had ordered the Braun alarm clockBraun Travel Alarm Clock BNC002 Blackas well and found it more compatible with our needs based on the compact size . Both clocks are now manufactured in China v. Japan or Germany .
 This clock is very elegant and well-made . I love that it has a button that lights up the dial when you want to see the time , but not annoying with constant light .
 Have enjoyed quiet dependable use for over ten years ! Thrilled they still make them even if silver not gold !! Buying two so our guest room can enjoy the ease of use , dependable quiet style !
 Good quality , decent size so easily seen without my glasses , nice big snooze/light button on top , alarm switch on the back so not easily turned off accidentally , stylish metalized finish -LRB- note
 I absolutely love this clock ! I ordered the silver finish and I could n't be happier with it . I have a hearing impairment so I needed an alarm that I could hear and this works beautifully . The `` glow light '' is perfect when you want to know the time and it is dark -- you simply press the top of the clock and it lights up for you but there is no continual light -LRB- which would keep me awake -RRB- . The alarm is easy to set if you make sure you follow the directions and turn it counterclockwise to set the alarm time . The alarm on/off button in the back is accessible and easy to shut off . Besides working perfectly , the clock is so elegant and looks great on my nightstand . I have always been a fan of Seiko watches but this is the first time I saw that they made alarm clocks . Their reputation stands with the alarm -- you will not be disappointed !
 Pros : Gorgeous designSeiko ascending alarmAA battery operationSnooze button that lights up inner portion of dial very evenly with a pretty blue lightWide switch on back to turn alarm on and offCons : MAJOR CON - not lighted AT ALL unless you press the snooze button . When the snooze button is pressed , the lighted area is only on the inner portion of dial , which kind of lights up the numbers.Battery sits deep in the case , which makes it a bit hard to put in.I liked the silver better than the gold in the pictures , but in real life they are probably both nice.Overall , this is a very nice clock . Highly recommended - if you do n't mind it not being lit at all unless you press the snooze button . For me , this is a big minus because I like to sleep in a totally dark room , so I do n't like having to feel around in the dark to find the clock to press the snooze to know what time it is . I wake up a lot in the night and like to know what time it is .
 I can not wear out my Seiko watch so decided to purchase their bedside clock and it is great , also has a night feature so you can catch the time with just a flick of the top button and housing of clock and good ole fashioned hands make it a classic !
 I LOVE THIS CLOCK ! I have owned it for almost 2 years and it looks as good now as it did brand new . It is so extremely simple to use ; alarm on/off , set time/alarm , snooze , and a button to light the dial when you want to look at the time in the middle of the night -LRB- It is perfect because the light is only on when you push the button to look at the time . No light disturbing your sleep -RRB- . Now really , does it get much simpler than that ? I own one , bought one for a friend , and put one in our holiday rental . No one has to call and ask `` How do I set the alarm ? '' and my friend has thanked me numerous times for purchasing it for him . Because it is light weight and made of plastic , I really did n't think I would like it for very long . I was looking for something much more substantial . I am so glad I took a chance . This is a great bedside clock for an older friend or relative , or anyone who just wants a clock that does n't need a manual to figure it out .
 I like everything about this clock : Big dial - easy to readEasy to set time and alarmLights up when needed -LRB- snooze button -RRB- , but stays dark otherwiseReally wakes you up!Looks great !
 This clock is perfect for my needs . While larger than a typical travel alarm , it is great for my bedside yet still small enough to pack . The numbers are large enough to see easily and the button on top to light up the face in the dark works well .
 I bought this clock for my wife who wants to be able to glance up from working at her desk to see what time it is . The clock is beautiful , well made , and small enough to fit on a tiny shelf . And it 's battery operated which is exactly what she needed .
 I 'm very pleased with this clock . Although not expensive , it 's looks as if it is . The alarm gradually gets louder and uses alternating types of beeps to wake you up . They do the job but do n't jangle your nerves first thing in the morning . Simple to set the time and the alarm time . Very pleased with this product .
 I wanted a simple and easy to set alarm clock and this is it ! The only thing that disappointed me is , it is all plastic-not metal like I thought it would be .
 I ordered this watch for my son last year . He needed a good work watch that would last . He is the foreman of a horse ranch and gives a watch a real beating . This Casio has worked very well for him . Several years ago I purchased this same watch . I had a nice stainless steel bracelet put on it , making it a very handsome and dressy watch . I wore that watch for almost nine years . . I also wore other Casios . These folks make excellent watches . If I remember correctly , I had to replace the battery about 4 times during that period . I could not have asked for a better watch . In fact I received lots of compliments about the watch . That steel bracelet made it look more expensive than it was.I would strongly suggest that Casio offer this watch with a steel bracelet . It would make an excellent timepiece an even better buy . If you are on the fence concerning this watch , order it . You will not regret your decision .
 I love this watch . It looks good without being flashy and you get the dependability and durability of a Casio . The only thing it is missing is a light .
 the watch is exactly the best quality that I had 15 years ago . great item . looks good , feels good just overall nice looking watch .
 This is the second watch of this model that I have purchased . I had the first one for several years , and it performed flawlessly . When the battery finally gave out the first time I sent it to Casio and they replaced the battery and made a repair to the band , which was a nice freebie , as I had not asked for this repair . Because it is a diver 's watch , the battery has to be replaced by Casio to maintain the integrity of the waterproof seals . When the second battery went dead , I just ordered a new one from Amazon since the internet price was much cheaper now than when I purchased the first one years ago . The watch is comfortable , and I like the combination of analog and digital timekeeping . Although and inexpensive watch , I like the look , and have actually seen it worn a couple of times by actors on TV .
 Quick note to potential buyers
 This is a good looking watch that works very well . It does n't all the features that I never use , so it is easy to operate and adjust . I travel some and the dual time feature makes it easy to keep track of time changes . I would rather have a matching metal band than the plactic one that came with the watch , but I have had it for a year and not gotten around to changing it .
 OK , it says Casio ; other than that , it exceeds Seiko , etc. . . An excellent watch for some who is in and out of water a lot .
 I already owned this watch when I bought the replacement.The crystal on the original is scratched but still after 15 years , the watch is excellent . I have never had a watch that has lasted that long .
 I would like to know why the clock in the picture is not the same as shown on the arm of the photos ? and what is the model of the picture where his hand ?
 This product came exactly as it appeared and was described . It is very beautiful and unique and I get compliments on it every day . Very good quality ! I am very pleased with this item !
 The watch is so beautiful . My 16 year old granddaughter just loves it.I would recommend this to any teenage girl , not only because it 's beautiful , but for the love it represents .
 Nice looking watch , comfortable band and easy to read if your eyes are as old as mine . I 've had it about six weeks now and I 've worn it working , fishing and swimming . My only complaint is that it runs a little fast , a couple minutes a week but it 's easy to adjust . My old Seiko spoiled me . It was a kenetic and I only adjusted the time twice a year for daylight savings , but it was a more expensive . I 'm pleased with the watch and would recommend it .
 I 've had my Seiko for about five years and it has yet to lose or gain more than a minute . Great watch !!
 Thanx for the fast service on my PurchaseMy Xmas Gift for myselfWhat a great watch
 This is a great watch . It keeps very good time . I love the look of this watch . The band is very comfortable and fits any size wrist . The price was right . The shipping was FAST .
 He really likes this inexpensive watch and is wearing his second one . The plastic band clasp broke on first so we ordered another . That one finally also cracked at the band connection but magic clue has held it another year ! THEN will have to admit that we have a third one tucked away for the future . Now , at this price , am tempted to order another ...
 I am very pleased with the watch ! Great price was a real plus ! Easy to read as well as comfortable !
 Hola gracias por su producto muy buena calidad y por su total atencion y puntualidad ; muy agradecida con ustedes me gusta mucho su servicio doy el visto bueno en todo a lo que a ustedes se refiere ; sin mas que decir me despido de ustedes hasta una proxima ocacion , saludos ...
 Very nice looking Military Watch . Im not sure why they have been discontinued but all I can seem to locate are the Chrons . I finally found a 601 -LRB- watch with rubber strap -RRB- but it wouldnt run properly and lost time . I suspect it was the hard to replace battery . I tried to exchange the watch but the company -LRB- Watchzone -RRB- refunded my money in full because they didnt have any more . I have looked pretty much all over the net to try and find one of these snazzy watches but to no avail ... unless I want to pay manufacturers suggested price of $ 550 , which I dont .
 The date is small and difficult to read , especially the double digits , but its a minor complaint . I 'm very happy with the watch overall .
 I ordered this watch without being able to see how large it was . It turned out to be the right size . All I had to do was get a longer band as the band that came with it was too short for me . Th numbers are so clear and I have no problem reading the time . Am very happy with the watch .
 I always wanted one as a child , so as an adult , I bought it for me . I just love wearing it ! It runs great and looks stunning .
 Xmas gift that has the cool factor of the retro-wide leather wristband and an easy to read dial . My son loves it and his friends want it .
 Well i bought this item a month ago and i got really happy when i saw it , great looking with a rockish/aviator style i love it . The only downside i can see is that when is hot it can be a bit uncomfortable but great anyways ! . .
 I love the unique look of this watch with its comfortable weathered leather strap , and the watch face is really slick and stylish .
 Excelente reloj . Lo recomiendo ampliamente . Se ve tal cual en la foto y el acabado es de primera . Definitivamente un reloj muy urbano
 IF YOU WANT TO BE IN A UNIQUE AND PERSONAL STYLE THIS WATCH IS GREAT.I RECOMMEND FOSSIL JR8985 , JR8984 , JR9776 & OF COURSE THE ONE & ONLYJR9120 . ENJOY UNIQUE STYLE . I HAVE ALL OF THESE FOSSIL WATCHES !
 Great watch , quality and price - would recommend . My husband is very happy with it .
 This is quite a nice looking watch and seems to be a quality product by Fossil . All it does is keep track of time and the current numerical date -LRB- which needs to be adjusted for months that have less than 31 days -RRB- . Essentially this is a watch to wear for style , along with a pair of jeans . There are a couple of minor faults however : If the battery should ever die , it seems there is no way to replace it . The whole watch/band assembly is stitched together , and it would be near impossible to take off the back plate.The watch is difficult to fasten , because it is obviously made out of a thick , sturdy leather . This makes putting it on , and taking it off , a good 60-second ordeal , just a very minor gripe .
 This was a gift for my boyfriend . It arrived quickly and giftwrapped -LRB- which was a nice surprise -RRB- ! He loves it . The leather strap is a great alternative to metal bands , which are uncomfortable for him . It looks great - but as the picture shows , it 's a casual watch .
 I bought this watch for my 27-year-old graphic designer husband . I love how thick the band is , how it looks rugged/manly but also modern . YAY ! Very satisfied with this purchase !
 I just purchased this watch and it is gorgeous ... the size is perfect , given if you want a large `` cuff '' watch and I did , my wrists are small and this watch could not look any better on me . The leather is the perfect look and it feels good against the skin . I was worried at first b/c some watches that are top heavy tend to slide one way or the other on the wrist but b/c it is leather it sits perfectly , the strap is thick in regards to getting it buckled but not a big deal , as a matter of fact the leather you get on this watch is worth the money!I love this watch and for battery replacement , well take it to the `` watch doctor '' or any jeweler who replaces batteries and they will replace it for you and yes it does cost roughly around $ 17.00 but well worth it for a statement watch ... one that stands out nicely showing that you have style and taste . A rough `` rugged '' look that has class if you will ... I 'm a woman and I have a great assortment of watches but this one rocks ... a watch worth the cost .
 This may be a man 's watch , but I ordered it for myself for my birthday . Could n't beat the price , and the style is exactly what caught my eye . It 's durable , which is great because I 'm super hard on watches , and I 've received many compliments on it . -LRB- most people have no idea it 's a man 's watch -RRB- I would recommend this to anyone lookin for something durable with a dose of swag .
 I can truly say that I am fond of watches , I have many and all , but my Fossil watch is that I like because it has a design that fits with my personality , skin , leather bracelets is very safe and their performance has been incredible , not for nothing is one of the best brands of watches in the world .
 This watch is solid . Whether I 'm falling down Mt. Diablo , getting my hand caught in a running Ford Drive belt , or blocking punches from an ex-marine this watch does n't have a scratch on it . Stitching is good so the leather is n't splitting apart , no scratches on the face and when you break it in it fits like a dream.Buy this watch , do something crazy and you 'll know the exact time and date when the ambulance finds you .
 Very nice watch . I have received several compliments for it . Very comfortable and unique , fits perfectly , I can not express how much I love this watch .
 When it does come down to good watches , most men want a classy watch , at a inexpensive price . But also , most men do want to step away from the unconvential , and same shaped watches . For Fossil , they 've made some of the most definitive styled watches on the market . This one which feels more like a armband is actually surprising . It is convient to place on the wrist , and handles very well with the setup . I found the watch to really work very well , without any faults . What I was hoping for was the face to feel a lot more stylish . I just was n't used to a oblong rectangle shape . I like usually the more convient rectangle face , but it does take a time to get used to . Still , if you 're looking for a nice watch , try this one from Fossil . It is worth the price , and a nice new style.Price
 I saw this watch online and thought it was pretty . However , when I received it , I realized it was actually better than it looked online . Awesome product for the price !
 I like the watch except for one thing , the band . The band of the watch is too long for me . Rest is okay . Looking at the picture of the watch it seems the band would be soft but that is not the case . Overall a good watch .
 i bought this for my husband as a gift . i originally had found this watch sold by legendary whitetails with a deer on the face . it was very expensive through there and sold out . i found this -LRB- the exact same watch without the deer -RRB- and he was happy with it .
 I bought this watch for my husband . Make no mistake , this is not a watch for a woman , unless you like your watches super-chunky and masculine looking ! My husband likes it very much , it has a wide large leather wristband and the face is very large on the watch with the date function -LRB- which is great -RRB- . My only complaint would be that the watch band is n't long enough for those with non-slender wrists !
 Bought this watch , because it looked nice . I have gotten quite a few compliments on it . Only issue I had is I have small wrists and the band was too big . I had to cut it shorter and now the threads are coming loose . Other than this I am happy with a stylish purchase !
 I bought this for my husband for his birthday . When it showed up , I thought they had shipped me the wrong item because it looked a little different . They did , in fact , send me the right watch and it is amazing . It 's about 11/2 inches wide ... the perfect width for my husband . Not too big , not too small . It is very high quality and looks great . He loves it !!!
 For the price this watch ca n't be beat ! It 's a durable , good looking watch . I contacted the seller and their customer service was EXCELLENT ! The only thing is the watch -LRB- At least mine -RRB- has darker leather than it does in the photo but it 's still an amazing piece !
 My husband wears this watch like every single day . It 's very well made , great material . Goes with many things !
 The watch arrived super fast in time for spouse birthday . I liked it initially -LRB- reason I ordered -RRB- he said he wanted something with a leather strap to work in . He does a lot of shop/woodwork and yard work . He on the other hand works Mon-Fri in an office and typically would like little more class/style and typically would not purchase this type of style on his own . Eventually , he came around took a little time to get used to the wide band and now loves it . The watch perfectly fits the description its very rugged for out doors and shop use . This watch is very masculine/macho in apearance . I also , bought the Fossil round face -LRB- same men 's style -RRB- watch for myself based on another lady 's costomer review . However when it arrived it was much larger that I expected and I could not see myself wearing it -LRB- too masculine for my personal taste -RRB- . Now the spouse has two Fossil watches . This item is really nice quality material and durable watch for your consideration . Especially if you are an active individual you wo n't have to worry about it being broken easily or scratched etc. as that be typical of the look . Highly recommend very worth the investment .
 First of all , Fossil is a great brand of watch . They are not cheap and that is because they are good quality watches . Not an Omega or Rolex , but seriously , what guy that does n't wear suits and ascots would pay more that $ 150 for a watch anyway . But , this is a review.Great watch , I love the look and the materials . I would definitely recommend this watch to a guy that likes this style.OPINION
 This is such a beautiful watch , I wear this everyday and everyone tells me how beautiful it looks and ask me where i bought it , i 'm so glad I bought it no regrets , worth what i pay for , 100 % recommended
 I got this watch for my husband as a gift and it was perfect ! It looks exactly as it does online , no surprises there . It 's good quality and the leather is nice , but it 's still a little edgy -LRB- it 's a cuff -RRB- . We love it !
 My husband found this watch on the Fossil website and loved it.So I wanted to check around for a better price , found it here on Amazon , about 20 bucks cheaper.He loves it . He did think it was going to be bigger , from the look in the picture . It is a very attractive and looks great on.I would recommend this watch .
 This is a modern-design watch . The band is about 1.25 '' across , so it 's a bit larger than some other traditional metal bands . Very classy , yet rugged and tough .
 I bought this a long time ago but have to say it has stood the test of time . It 's a very wearable watch my husband loves it and wears it all the time . Very casual and has a modern/vintage look to it . Hard to describe but just look at it . It 's a bulky bigger watch that takes up a lot of wrist space so its good for bigger or taller men where it does n't look too massive on .
 I loved this watch and the way it looked . As you can tell I 'm speaking in past tense ... That 's because My watch was lost or stolen . It 's hard to say it was lost , considering I did n't take it off anywhere during the day . Someone probably has it now and loves it !
 I bought this watch as a present for my fiance and he loved it ! He has a dressier watch to wear with a suit , but I love this as a casual accessory .
 I ordered this watch for my husband for Christmas and he loved it ! I was looking for a wide-band watch and browsed over 100 's of watches before finding this one . The cuff is very wide -LRB- it did take him the night to get used to how wide the band is on his wrist -RRB- but he loves it . Very nice , rugged look . It layers well with other leather bands . And I do love Fossil products ! I give it 4 stars b/c I am perplexed as how we would change the battery if needed . The dial is sewn onto the band .
 Have not monitored the watch to see that it is keeping accurate time because it is still in the box waiting to be given as a gift . But it looks fantastic ... even better than pictured . Very happy with it and ca n't wait to gift it !
 This watch looks even better in person , it is gorgeous . It truly is real leather and best of all - it keeps time perfectly . We 've had it for about 3 weeks now and it has n't even lost a second . I would recommend this for any woman looking for a gift for their husband ! Made mine happy = D
 I purchased this for my son 's teacher as an end of the school year gift . She loved it . I was very pleased with the quality and it looked great .
 Excellent service , received quickly , beautiful watch . Perfect ! Thank you .
 I bought this watch as a gift for my wife who has been making fun of me for my expensive watches -LRB- Omega -RRB- . She needed a new watch but expressly forbid me to buy something expensive . Boy was she surprised when she opened the Invicta.It comes in a great yellow faux leather box , with cleaning cloth and papers , just like a big name timepiece . The watch itself is very elegantly designed and presents nicely with the yellow mother of pearl dial and nice brushed and polished stainless steel band as well as the Rolex inspired date window magnifier . When you know the difference you can tell that the band and the function of the buttons etc. is not like on a high price watch but at first and even second glance , this watch looks like the `` real thing '' . I actually had to show my wife the receipt to prove that it did n't even cost me $ 100 shipped . If you are looking to impress but are on a budget , this is your watch . If it came with a $ 500 price tag , it still would not look overpriced .
 I 've owned this watch for about one year and have had more comments and compliments over it than any watch I 've ever owned . I have many Invicta watches as well as several other top brands and this , by far , has received the most interest , praise and envy . I love wearing it and love the quick change band , though I rarely change from the calfskin it comes with . But , it looks great with a nice black leather band and a dressier Alligator band . It really fits any occasion and will surely be noticed . The detail , front and back , is outstanding . You will not regret owning this watch ! Check around on pricing as it has been offered by ShopNBC on special at half the price now listed here . Treat yourself , you wo n't regret it .
 The product sent was the same specified and is a good item ... . el producto enviado fue identico al especificado , me llego y es un buen producto ...
 I ordered this item from Amazon and the usual excellent communication follow up was forwarded to me giving details of despatch date and expected delivery date etc. . However we also received a correspondence from the supplier thanking us for purchasing through Amazon and confirming despatch.Great service - Item arrived safely prior to expected date - Ray Enser
 Thank you for getting the watch here so quickly . It 's a gift and I 'm glad I jumped on the deal when I did . Thanks !
 I love it great product A + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
 This watch wears well . The band is comfortable , the face is easy to read , and the crystals sparkle . I do not regret purchasing this watch .
 I like everything about the watch and the shipping except tht it the battery was dead when I got it .
 I was looking for a watch that I could wear for my work , so I bought Timex Perpetual Calendar watch . The watch does accuratly keep track of day of the week and the month out of the box . I did not have to do anything to adjust it except setting the right hour.I like the design of the watch with trademark indiglo function.I would have liked it if the outer black and white rim of the watch was a bit glossy rather than matte.The leather strap is very soft and well made.I rate it four stars for design , functionality and price .
 Was able to snag this watch for around $ 45 and love the look and the overall feel of the watch.Plus
 Invicta 's 3076 -LRB- Scooby -RRB- is a homerun for dive watch collectors ... It is a unique watch in the Invicta lineup and has some styling firsts that separate it from other dive watches . Overall - it has a Swiss Movement - probably Asian assembly and is feature rich for the price . Let 's look at the watch and give you it 's strengths and weaknesses.Overall AppearanceThis is a good looking watch . Brushed stainless steel case and bracelet , etched diver ss back , two tone bezel and a stainless steel bracelet to die for . . size and weight - balance on the wrist that no other watch in the price range can equal.CaseApproximate 44mm brushed stainless steel with a crown protector . Weight in excess of 230 gr . A very scratch resistant Sapphire Crystal , granite gray dial with `` Tritnite '' Invicta lume that starts great and fades quickly . Not the best lume for dives over 45 minutes at depth in dark water . A thick case to accommodate the ETA 2824 automatic movement . A two tone unidirectional bezel with sawtooth edge - rich dark red indicates reserve air time against a very scratch resistant black painted 120 click uni-directional bezel ... Case/watch is 500 meters water resistant.Movement `` Swiss '' ETA 2824 25 jewel movement with ample power reserve - probably asian assembled from Swiss parts -LRB- based on price -RRB- and a quality good time keeper for me . Date complication - no cyclops -LRB- date magnifier -RRB- . BraceletThe monster 27mm stainless steel bracelet makes this watch a winner . Pin linked -LRB- loctite this sucker after sizing -RRB- and a comfort and balance on the wrist that has to be worn to be believed . Brushed finish to hide scratches - double safety clasp - the outer clasp might appear ` tinny ' for some of us - no wetsuit deployment . The bracelet width makes for a good balance against the case - the big watch is not case/topheavy . Might be too large for smaller wrists ... Should I buy this watch?A unique blend of sport , diver and casual watch . It is unique in looks and comfortable on the wrist . Those not familiar with pin collar linked bracelets need to loctite ALL the pins after sizing ... -LRB- recommend an experienced jeweler -RRB- The Scooby might be too heavy or bulky for those used to a quartz watch - the thick , rounded case and massive bracelet will get you lots of looks . The etched scuba diver on the caseback is attractive - the granite gray dial is unique for a diver . Serious divers note there is no wetsuit deployment - 500 meter water resistance/depth is beyond most human endurance - deep divers stick to watches with a helium release valve.The verdict is a winner for the price . Looks , quality , functionality and comfort for the dive watch collector . If you like a big diver in your collection with a workhorse ETA 2834 movement - run - do n't walk to the shopping cart and bring one home ... The reviewer is a moderator on an internet watch forum and the owner of 8 Invicta and 20 watches overall ...
 without a doubt one of not only the nicest invicta watches i have ever owned looked at or tried on but one of the best watches period . i did alot or research on this one before buying it and glad i did and ever more happy that i bought this watch . its a very heavy made and sturdy watch to wear . its water resistant to 500 meters and the saphire crystal on this watch is one of the best i have seen . the braclet on this one is worth the money alone its a very wide thick extremely made ss braclet . again not just by invicta but by any watch standard its one of the nicest well made watches i have ever owned . it without a doubt rivals many other higher end well known watches if not better and for the price u cant beat it . overall i rate this as one of the best watches i have ever seen or owned if u can get ur hands on this watch u will not be disappointed at all . definately a must have watch !
 this might be hard to get your hands on now but if you can get this one you 've got your hands on one of invicta 's best , its a everyday anytime watch , every since I got it its the only watch I 've worn and I have 20 other watches .
 I am back to buy another one ! This is a great watch that really holds up . Keep in mind , it is not waterproof .
 This watch is much better than I expected . For the money it is a great watch . Being a nurse I especially like the red second hand as it is very visible and larger than most . I am extremely pleased with this purchase and I have recommended it to many of my co-workers .
 I really like this watch . It 's reasonably priced , works great , looks great , has the date on it and is Swiss made . What more could you want ? I wear it almost every day and have had absolutely no problems with it . If you 're looking for a casual , everyday , basic watch then this is the watch for you .
 Sapphire Crystal , Invicta Quality , under a hundred bucks ! What more can I say !
 I needed an inexpensive watch for a trip I was taking and snatched this up in a hurry . So far so good . Seems to keep good time , looks classy without being over the top . Only problem for me
 The watch is very nice . It is dressy enough for work but casual enough for weekends .
 This a a beatiful watch . Perfect size crystal.Diamonds a round the bezel makes it look more expensive than it really is .
 this lovely piece of jewelry gets compliments , wears comfortably , and even keeps time . The simplicity of the lines and links are elegant . Now , I paid a steep discount which makes even nominal wear a good value for me , if it wears for a few years -LRB- and why not ? -RRB- it is bargain booty .
 I bought this one for a birthday , unfortunately Amazon was out of stock and I had to get it from Target for almost double the price : -LRB- I was worth it though , looks great and the recipient was absolutely thrilled . I hope Amazon will get these again so I can order one for myself !
 got this product for my dad for this holiday season.he liked it ... a lot . . its totally value for money . looks more expensive than it is . .
 Perfect item for the little girl that likes to take lip gloss wth her . Easily attachs to wrist so she ca n't lose it ! With the item being lip gloss and a watch , she can learn to tell time along with enjoying her lip gloss ! Great stocking stuffer or reward prize !
 This is a GREAT watch . No issues or problems after several weeks of use.This watch is made like a rock !!!!
 im very happy with my new watch , so far no any problems . good looking cool and smart , best choise of watches , enjoy every day !!!!!!!!!!! 1
 I have many watches , not a collector , but I love watches . The Pierre Cardin watch is a nice addition and a wonderful bargain .
 I bought this for my sweetie for xmass this year , he has n't gotten it yet but I 've gotten it . The watch looks nice , it has a good weight . There are 8 little diamonds in it the rest is just metal . I would n't have bought it if I would have known , but its not terrible looking . I 'll see what my sweetie thinks .
 I bought one of these watches made for ladies for myself a couple of years ago . It quickly became my favorite watch of all times . I wanted one for my husband . I ordered it from another source for Christmas last year but it never came . When I found it on Amazon.com , I quickly ordered it . It came just in time for his birthday this year and he loves it as much as I love mine . It looks so nice , he calls it his `` dressy '' watch . It is easy to wear and you never know it is on your arm . Fits just perfect ! Looks great ! Price is right !
 bought the watch for my nephew . he loves the ability to interchange the parts .
 my kid is so happy to get this watch.he always keep that watch with him and like the picture of cars a lot on it .
 Great service , product is perfect for my son i 'll give 5 of 5 to this product and seller !!!
 sendo candeleteo eso lo que esta es mi amor con te quiero esta tienda no juega carrito comprele con lo ojos cerrados
 I purchased this watch as a Christmas gift for my husband . He is delighted with it . The price was GREAT and it was delivered quickly . Free shipping made it a `` deal I could n't refuse . ''
 I love big watches . This one is not to small , plus the color is gorgeous , and the price unbeatable . This is my first Pierre Cardin , I 'm so pleased with the purchase , I ordered 2 more . I 'm a happy customer .
 I purchased this watch for my friend as a Christmas present . It came in the mail quicker than I had expected . The watch looks very much like the picture shown , but I was blown away at how thin it was.My only problem with it is that the clasp would n't open . I think it 's just a manufacture default . I 'm not quite sure if my friend ever got it open , but we 're taking it to a store like Kohl 's or something to get the band fitted and see if they can fix it . Should n't be a big problem.At 37.50 , it 's a steal . :-RRB- I 'm quite happy with it .
 This is a beautiful watch , the skulls are very detailed . I highly recommend buying from this seller also , it only took 3 days to get to me . I will buying more for my friends . I only wish they made them in a girls style .
 This watch is very nice . The polished steel really shines and the leather band stands out . The skull design is very unique and shows alot of style . Will get a few more for friends .
 Not too much to say about this watch really . The face design is absolutly great , I 'm always getting compliments about it at work , and the band is good and rugged . That being said , there 's just a few things I 'm not too thrilled about . Mainly that it was a bit thicker then I expected and that the metal on the band has already started rusting . But then again , if you keep metal against your sweating skin all day , its not going to stay tip-top for too terribly long -LRB- if anyone has any reccomendations to help with this , I 'm all ears ! -RRB- . All that being said , its definitly my favorite watch to date .
 This was soooo very very cute when it came in . Great quality and well made . Really liked this kid watch .
 really liked watch was able to see numbers with no problem very satasifed got on time and went over well
 very good product and the timely arrival original recommend everyone buy the product to enjoy a good piece to wear thanks greetings
 This is a very nice watch and my daughter loves it ! This watch is stylish and rugged . Too many feature to mention and they all work as advertised . Ca n't go wrong with this one .
 I received this as a gift from my husband.He was told that this is the perfect watch for people who are tough on their watches and need something sturdy . I love the Baby G as well as my G-Shock . The only problem is with this `` jelly '' version . It got filthy under the face where you can see through and it is difficult to clean -LRB- you have to take the watch apart -RRB- . Also , the color faded everywhere on the watch from the great light pink to a coral/peachy color : -LRB- However , I have two other watches that are n't see through and I love them !
 It is a great watch . It is exactly as discribed and there shipping was very fast
 My main complaint with this watch is how quickly the nice pink color faded.Within a couple of months , probably due to chlorine in the pool , it faded to a dirty grey-ish pink tone.I was disappointed that this would happen with a watch meant for the water .
 My girlfriend wanted a pink sports watch . So I 'm also happy Casio makes a great baby-g in pink . She wears it to college and work . Quick delivery and good service . No complaints so far . Good job Casio !
 This is my third watch by baby-g , I love them . The watch lasts forever , my only complaint would be that mold sometimes grows under the face of the band , and the band is n't as strong as the watch ... but my first watch I 've had for going on 8 years and it still works and I have not had to change the battery on it !!
 Great product ... looks just like a picture . It 's not as big as you may think , I was worried about that . Lots of different capabilities , I was a little overwhelmed when I got the watch . But after a few days , you have it all figured out . Good directions . Definitely a good buy .
 This item was also an awesome gift for Christmas from my husband ... It arrived on time and is lovely .
 I absolutely LOVE LOVE this watch . I get so many compliments on it !! I have been everywhere in this watch and just keeps ticking . I have been in rives , oceans , pools , and everywhere else ... it keeps going . Changing the time on it can be tricky though , but I always figure it out . I would buy this watch again & again !
 This watch has been a great addition to my life . It provides all one needs in a watch , plus ... it 's cute . I was also quite pleased with the service on my order . I can always count on Amazon to provide the best customer care . Thanks .
 This is a nice watch for a tween or older . Cute and stylish . Great price Amazon !
 The pink color shows up differently on my monitor and I was a little concerned after I received it in the mail.I ended up loving the watch . It has gotten a compliment , too . It 's a fun , attractive , easy to read watch and there are many options with it . I did have trouble changing the time - I set it to Japanese time by accident - but those types of tasks are not my forte . It was easy enough for my fiance to fix . I do n't regret buying this watch at all , I love wearing it .
 Bought this watch a few weeks ago and it is perfect for someone who travels alot . The world clock is fantastic , and I can wear it swimming .
 I guess my friend likes it , her little girl loves the dolphin -LRB- which appears every 30 seconds -RRB- . A girlie watch .
 This watch is so cute ! It goes perfect with my scrubs . All of my coworkers have complemented it . I have n't figured out how to use all the extra features -LRB- there are a lot -RRB- , but I just need it for the time and the seconds .
 Great product , and it was shipped really fast to my house .
 I needed a watch with a stopwatch built in to help me keep track of my times . I 'm running a half-marathon in December . This watch has been fabulous !! I love the color and the features that are built into the watch . I have a 16 month old niece and everytime she sees it I have to put it on her . I 'm thinking of getting her one as well -LRB- except cheaper of course -RRB- . This watch is amazing and so worth the price . I ca n't wait to show it off at the marathon !! YOU WILL LOVE THIS WATCH !!
 I 've had five Casio Baby G chronographs in five colors . I bought them in 2002 . I use them daily for running and as watches when wearing sport clothes . NONE of the batteries have died yet & they are a great way to record time -LRB- running , walking , housework , whatever -RRB- and still have a girly feel to it . They are water resistant & I 've worn all of mine in the shower & in the pool . Great watches.Highly recommend .
 This is a great fun watch for both young and old . I am enjoying the color and have received several compliments . It is a little tricky to set at first , but once you get the hang of it , it is fine .
 Great , Love it !!!! I run with it every morning keeps me on track with the stopwatch
 Bought this for my 9yr old daughter . It has a lot of cool , cute features . The color pink is verty pretty . She loves it !
 I bought three of these watches and for the holidays to give as gifts . They were a hit . Everyone loved the way they look . These watches are easy to use and setup .
 All in all , it 's an okay watch . Most people my wife showed it to like it because of the pink color . The only thing I would like to see is a similarly styled watch using Casio 's wave ceptor and tough solar format . The wave ceptor uses daily radiowaves to set the time , and having solar power means the battery wo n't need to be replaced . Having to replace a Casio watch battery can be a challenge , since there is a special way it has to be done or else it wo n't work right .
 Hello , this is an awesome watch . I currently have 6 Baby G 's in various colors . They are trendy and useful . They are usually higher , -LRB- between $ 80-100 -RRB- These are awesome prices .
 I love this watch . You can switch from military time to regular time by pushing one button . I have received several compliments from co-workers . Very pretty .
 ... for those who already bought this watch.Recently I ordered BG watch and I received the small version of Baby G , but I wanted the sports watch with a litter bigger screen.Is this one `` the large one '' or a small one for little hands ? : -RRB- Can anybody measure the screen , because I dont want to order another exactly like the previous one.I am from Slovenia and BG watches are here very expensive.Thank you very much .
 I bought this watch as a Christmass gift yet I have n't given to this girl who I 'm too shy to let her know of my attraction . Anyhow I still have it and it 's very nice . I also bought the mens Pathfinder and I 'm happy with both .
 I 've only been wearing it for 2 days so far , but this watch has made it through two days gardening and banging around handwashing dishes no problem . I really like that this watch feels heavy-duty . I am no longer worried about dropping my watch or forgeting it 's on when I jump in the shower . I am a big Disney fan and have bought countless watches disney themed only to be buying a new watch a few months down the road . I do n't do much sporty stuff , but I needed a watch that was n't gon na kick the bucket a few months down the road . As somebody else stated on the blue version of this watch , the color in the pictures are n't true to what the color actually is . The band is alot more sub-dued in color , kinda like a lavender/gray color see through jelly band , very pretty and more adult like than other sport watches with color on them . It does take a bit getting use to have a big face on the watch for me , but if it stays alive for me , I 'll deal -LRB- I prefer more petite watches -RRB- . If anything happens to it , I 'll revise my review . : -RRB-
 It 's bigger than the average women 's watch and very well made . It has a lot of neat features . Besides telling time and showing the date , it can store up to 20 phone numbers or other important info . It 's a stopwatch , an alarm clock , and a world timekeeper . It also has a blue backlight and an hourly time signal . I love this watch .
 I like this watch . It is lightweight and comfortable , and does not feel bulky . The color is light enough that I can wear it in a format work setting and feel good . I gave it 4 stars only because the databank pages do n't seem to automatically sort themselves into alphabetic format , remaining in the random order in which they were entered . Also , there are only 20 data pages , and I would have preferred 30 . Otherwise , it is easy to program and the electro-illuminescent back-light is great .
 Bought this watch for the girlfriend . She leads a very active lifestyle and this watch is perfect for her . It 's lady-like , but super tough . And it tells time . Very little more you can ask for in a watch . Definitely recommend this watch . The one thing to keep in mind is that its a little on the large side , so if you want a dainty little watch , this is not it . Other than that , its fabulous .
 Much better then I expected . The watch I recieved looks quite different from the watch shown . It has a clear face instead of a purple one , also like others said the color is much more sub-dued then in the picture.This is my first day wearing it and so far so good , I was very glad to have an alarm that is loud enough to wake someone like myself up.The watch is a bit bulky if you are not used to wearing sport watches , though I am already getting used to it and loving it .
 Not a bad watch for the price . I have a small wrist , and the band seems to be a bit uncomfortable when I adjust it to size -LRB- the plastic is quite stiff and hits my wrist a bit awkwardly -RRB- . I use it when I scuba , snorkel , swim ... I can see it quite well under water . The buttons are fairly easy to use once you know where they are and what they do . I would buy it again ...
 Had this watch for over a year now and its still going strong and looking good . Color is VERY light purple ; much lighter than picture . Love the chunky , heavy feel to it . Glass face is still in pristine condition thanks to the rubber `` bumpers . '' I use the alarm and running mode features , and also have several time zones programmed in . Some dirt does get trapped under the bumpers and around white buttons . But would DEFINITELY BUY THIS WATCH AGAIN . Plan on ordering another in a different color .
 i am very satisfied with this product . it was a gift and arrived in a timely manner .
 I love this watch this is the second one . The last one I bought 21/2 years ago and the battery started to go so I ordered a new one and so far so good . The only down side is that you really need to keep the instruction book .
 This is a great watch . I wear it or one of the other two that I own everyday for work and play . It keeps great time and after a lot of searching , I found the BEST price on Amazon . I paid easily half price for this watch that still appears on the G-Shock website at full price . I 'll always look at Amazon first .
 Love this watch . I 'm an E.R. RN and this is my work watch . Wears well despite body fluid splashes , banging it on equipment , etc. . . My only grievances are
 Bought it for my daughter -LRB- 11 -RRB- . She simply loved it ! Sturdy though elegant , is very easy to use and looks very durable . Great purchase .
 I really like this watch . I like the sporty look . Very easy to set-up . I love the world clock feature . I got the watch right before a trip to Europe . So great to have the London & Rome time zones just a few clicks away versus constantly resetting my watch manually ... and easy reference to multiple time zones . I used the Alarm feature as well on my trip - very easy as it requests time zone info as well . Have used the stop watch on my runs - once again easy . I had to be careful on my last watch - as I 'd accidentally reset the time at the end of a run because the stop & reset were the same button . No fear of resetting as this one as start/stop & reset are different buttons.I really like the overall functionality & look of the watch . Only problem I 've had - in hot weather the plastic band irritates the inside of my wrist .
 I love this watch . It 's very cute.And I think the color of the watch is n't so purple as in the picture.It 's more like very light and clear gray .
 i love this watch it does everything ! one push of a button and i can see what time it is in other parts of the world , it holds phone # 's everything!great product
 This watch was a great purchase . It looked exactly as it should and comes with some great features . I would highly recommend this watch .
 This is a great watch . It can keep track of two time zones so you can toggle back and forth if you want , has a chronograph , can store 20 phone numbers and has a count-down-the-days timer for 5 different events . Can only be scheduled out to 2039 , so I guess they do n't expect the watch to last longer than that.It is really not that difficult to set . It is not intuitive , but if you read the manual -LRB- easier to do on-line than to read the 2x3-inch pages of the booklet provided -RRB- , it makes sense and is easy to do.As others have said , the color is misleading in the above photo . At first I was disappointed , especially since the buckle is white plastic . It looked cheap . But after wearing it a while , I really like it . The purple is a pale purple tint on a see-through jelly band . It almost looks blue . The face has a purple tinge , but the surrounding part is more of a pale grey . Overall it looks femine , but is closer in size to that of your usual men 's watch . Since it is so pale , it actually looks more feminine and grown up that what it would have if it were more like the picture.It 's a great watch . I have read a lot of reviews of this watch and it seems to be more reliable than Timex . I have owned four Timex Ironmans and had to send two of them back -LRB- to the tune of $ 10 each -RRB- for warranty repair . One stopped being waterproof after about 7 months , and the other had a malfunctioning alarm from the get-go . So far so good with the Casio -LRB- 4 months and counting -RRB- .
 I LOVE this watch . It has seen me through everything over the last several years and it has never failed me . I have a very physical job and this watch does n't have a single scratch on it . The band is slightly worn but I would expect that with any watch . I would definitely but another .
 It is a super watch , however I paid extra to get the purple and I received the cheaper white watch in the mail
 This watch is even better than I had hoped for !! It 's just the right size , nice and sporty . It probably has more features than I 'll ever need . Love the color , it 's light weight . I 've worn it to go swimming , give the kids a bath , and to garden . As a mother of two kids 1 & 2 , I need a watch that will hold up and this is doing the trick !!
 Very pleased with product . Arrvied on time and everything was as described . Would recommend to anyone .
 This watch was a much-wanted item for my daughter , and proved quite difficult to purchase in the U.K. . She was over the moon to recieve it at Christmas and is very happy with its looks and performance -LRB- so far -RRB- . It has a funtional , retro appearance , and should prove to be quite hard-wearing , just the thing for a busy life - style.The watch was attractively priced . If I had purchased it in the U.K. it would have been much more expensive.Many thanks for the quick delivery .
 This a nice , high quality product . My son is 10 years old and it can be difficult to find high end fan apparel for him . He was very happy to receive this watch . I was pleased to find a watch made for his age group .
 I am really hard on watches and this one is great . it has some dings in the case after a couple years but is working perfect . highly recommended .
 Delivers everything it promises ! I 've worn it pretty much every day since purchase , with zero complaints . OK , the alarm could be a little louder , but it 's a great watch in its price range .
 This watch is exactly as described . It is easy to use , and is not as heavy as you would think . It is pretty large for a woman 's watch - If you are really thin , it will probably look like you are wearing a man 's watch . The watch has a metal bracelet and metal around the face , but the silver colored plastic case is obviously plastic - you can tell that it is not all metal . Over all , I would definitely buy this watch again .
 i ordered this watch specifically because of the multiple alarm capability and have been very happy with the results , as i am reminded to eat at regular intervals throughout the day . the stopwatch and count-down features are also nice , as i work in schools and use them frequently . i find the watch attractive and well made and recommend it highly .
 I purposely bought this watch because some of the reviews said that it was large for a woman 's watch . I have a large wrist -LRB- for a woman -RRB- and it fits me perfectly . I also really wanted a digital watch , that did n't look like a runner 's watch . The watch succeeded on both points and I love it.That said there are a couple minor things I would note , for future buyers . First , the image on the site shows the face of the watch with a light greenish glow . The face does not look the least bit green ; it 's a grey background , even with the light feature . Second , the four dark grey accents around the face of the watch looked like metal to me , but they 're actually like plastic/rubber . I really did n't like that at first but the more I wear it the less it bothers me.The watch is a great deal and I wear it daily . I love it .
 When I first recieved this Baby G I thought it would be too heavy and bulky but after wearing it for a month now , I love it ! It is truly lighter in weight than it appears .
 This is a great watch . My 3 daughters have one color or another.They love it . They are aged 27 to 36 .
 I was impressed with the shipping . This watch is more masculine than I expected . However it is comfortable and ideal as a sport watch .
 I do n't wear a watch that often b/c they bother my wrist when I hold my infant . When I work out this one works great . Basic features are easy to navigate . Simple style ... nice subtle color . I would recommend this watch to a friend .
 This watch is everything i wanted . Its great and have gotten alot of compliments . Its just perfect for everyday wear .
 Perfect for me !! I do some running & mountain biking & work out at the gym . I used to use my Ipod for the time & whatnot , but that got real old quick ! I considered buying a Nike Triax , but after about a week of thinking it over , I decided against the look . I found this watch & read the reviews & thought it would be good to try . I 've had it for about a month & I love it ! It has everything I wanted plus I can program some important numbers in it . My husband thought it was silly , but I told him that I do n't memorize any numbers since everything goes in the cell phone - so if I were robbed or something -LRB- which is likely in some areas I travel to outside the US -RRB- I would still have some access to emergency numbers . Also it 's comfortable to wear , durable & is n't too big & masculine !
 love it love it love it !!! everything i could ask for in a watch - and ive fallen in love with my little dolphin in the back light : -RRB- i cant wait to get another baby g - this time , solar !
 I have enjoyed this watch very much . Easy to use and read . Have received a number of compliments on it .
 What a great watch and easy to operate ! It is very durable and fun to use . My daughter uses it for her horseback riding and she needs to time herself and its one-touch stop watch is great ! WE LOVE IT !
 I love my Baby G watch . This is my second one , and I would recommend this watch to anyone who is thinking about buying one .
 I liked the features and functions of this item for the price tag on it . I was looking for a inexpensive stopwatch to begin with but as I started looking , it made more sense to invest in this item . I had a Casio watch before and definitely liked their quality .
 I was looking for a sports watch that could take a beating.It has all the functions that I need while working out or going for a run or hike -LRB- exp
 The watch is great , it has all the features a 8 year old needs . My 10 year old has one and is the only watch that has lasted him for more than a year . We have tried Nike , Timex , and they ca n't handle their life rhythm .
 Casio Women 's Baby G Shock Resistant Grey Sports Watch #BG 169-8VThis is the best watch I 've ever had . It 's comfortable and light-weight , it 's cute , goes with everything , and is wonderful for travelers . Taking a trip across seas , or even across the U.S. ? No problem . Just use the world time feature , and you can find the time in 40 different places , covering all the time zones . You do n't have to reset your watch at every stop , just hit a button instead . You can also store phone numbers and count down to important dates.It 's the most functional , attractive watch I 've ever had . I absolutely love it !
 This Baby G was a Christmas present for my girlfriend . The watch is awesome and the smoked jelly case/band is very stylish . Previously I have purchased another with a clear case/band and this one is even nicer looking in person.The watch itself has all the great functions that G 's offer -LRB- stopwatch , alarms , multiple time zones , etc. -RRB- in a very sporty package that is great for casual and athletic wear . One neat little aspect of this model is whenever you push the `` light '' button to illuminate the watch face -LRB- and when the second counter hits 30 seconds -RRB- a little dolphin appears in the upper window and `` swims '' -- my girlfriend thinks this is very cute and it adds to the appeal of the concept of a fun Baby G.My only nit pick is that the buckle is plastic and not stainless steel like all the other G-shocks/Baby Gs I have purchased in the past -- but this is minor -LRB- and the reason I gave it a 4 star rating instead of a 5 star rating -RRB- . The price and service from Amazon and the supplier were excellent ! I literally received the package 3 days after I ordered it -LRB- during Christmas time -RRB- . My girlfriend and I are very happy with the product and service .
 Love Baby G 's . As a nurse and mother they really stand up to hand washing and bumps . It is attractive -LRB- for a plastic watch -RRB- and love the light on it ... . great for checking time at night for those of us that are too blind without our glasses to read the night stand clock .
 My husband purchased this watch for me as a gift , and I could n't have been happier . It was the style I had been looking for in stores , but could never find . It was scheduled to arrive in 5-7 days , but we were pleasantly surprised when it arrived only three days later . I would encourage all to visit amazon.com . The prices , styles and brands are bar-none .
 This watch is great , Just as described and have had no issues with it . I dont want to take it off . It is so awesome ! Will buy again , seller was super fast with the shipping and great communication !
 This watch is a great watch , I have only had it for a few days but it also is on military time . so you can set it on military time or regular time it is also great that it is waterproof . I am a diver and I am defiantly going to take it on all of my dives !
 This watch combine two aspects for a good sport watch
 I just wanted a watch that was waterproof & had a stop watch . I could n't believe all the different options this watch has . What a great deal & a great watch .
 I just got this watch yesterday , so this review can not address issues of longevity or service life . However , I noticed there are no reviews on Amazon of this particular model as I was shopping and comparing , so I thought I would provide my comments here . I did a lot of comparisons and research when selecting this watch.Overview : Before I get into a lot of details , my quick impressions - better than expected ! It looks better than it does in any pictures I found , in which the watch looks solid black with a blue face . There is a lot of dark subdued green hues , as well as black , that give the watch a subtle military look . The face is only blue when illuminated ; otherwise it looks a bit gray/green , which I like . I also love the nylon-resin band . The buttons are well designed . They are not easy to hit accidentally , yet I find them easy to use when I want to . The atomic timekeeping works well so far -LRB- I live in the Phoenix , AZ area -RRB- . I did a manual receive yesterday , and the watch successfully received time synchronization while I slept last night -LRB- which is very easy to confirm when you get up -RRB- . The functions are plentiful and easy to figure out by referencing the manual . If you have had another G-shock the functions will be very familiar.Check the manuals : When I started looking at different brands I remembered an original G-shock I had a long time ago . I gave it to my son . I checked and was very interested in the solar power and atomic timekeeping . The biggest problem was deciding on which model . I found the technical specifications listed on Casio 's website were a bit misleading . There are some functions that are listed only for certain models , yet when I downloaded the owner 's manuals I found all the models I compared had them . For instance , some list the ability to turn daylight savings time on and off . I was concerned about models that did not list that capability since I live in AZ and we do n't use DST ! I found by reading the manuals that all the models I was considering has that capability - they probably all do . If you are very concerned about a particular function , I recommend downloading the manuals from Casio.com . You have to get the module number -LRB- not model number -RRB- for the watch , then you can download the manual from the support page.More on the band : I was worried because I was n't sure what a `` nylon resin '' band would be like . I am familiar with the resin band , like on my original . I went to a local Walmart to see if they had one . I found a similar watch with a nylon strap with a Velcro closure . It was okay , but I was n't thrilled with it . I ordered the Green Atomic thinking that was the strap I was getting . I was very pleasantly surprised with this strap . It is not a cloth like nylon at all . It is more like resin band reinforced with nylon - so it is comfortable , seems like it will be very strong , and it is not the kind of material that will absorb sweat and other moisture -LRB- which was my concern -RRB- . I like to go from working out to the steam room , to the shower , and then to work - all while wearing a watch . I was worried about having something that would soak up sweat.Lightweight vs Heavyweight : In looking at the various solar atomic models , it seems to me there are some that are lightweight -LRB- like the green atomic -RRB- , and some that are metallic and very heavy . My Citizen Aqualand was very heavy , so I did n't think I would mind that , but I went to a local store and put on one of the MTG series G-shocks and did n't like it . I prefer the lighter styles , like this one.Main Function Difference : One of the biggest considerations was the set of functions . All the Casios have a lot of functions . In the G-shock atomic solar watches - the main difference is that some have the time recorder -LRB- which allows you to hit a memo button to record up to 30 different times -RRB- and others -LRB- like this model -RRB- have a countdown timer . I really like having a countdown timer with alarm - I miss that from my old G-shock . I really could n't think of much use for the time recorder.The little things : I was a little sorry to see no display of the day of the week . I may be the only person who forgets what day of the week it is , but I was sad to see it was not included in the display . I was pleased to find out -LRB- accidentally - I did not find this in the manual -RRB- that I can toggle between the date display and the day of week by hitting the `` B '' button while in timekeeping mode!Reliability : As I already mentioned , mine is brand new . I scoured the Internet for reviews and found a couple of people who posted problems with solar models dying on them . They also mentioned that once out of warranty , battery replacement on these models is more than the watch . I am curious about that and I am thinking of contacting Casio and asking about that . I also found some reviews of solar models that have held up for a long time and are still running . Although this is n't a cheap watch , it is not terribly expensive either . I am comfortable taking a `` risk . '' These G-shocks seem to have a very good overall reputation for reliability and ruggedness.Summary : If , like me , you like the G-shock and are anal about knowing exactly what time it is - the atomic G-shock is a great watch . Trying to wade through all of the various models can be difficult , but if you narrow down what you want :1 . Analog vs digital2 . Light vs heavy3 . Time recording vs countdown alarmYou can narrow down your choices more quickly . So far I am thrilled with my choice , and I do n't expect that to change .
 Let me start by saying ... very word of the reviews all the 7 people wrote before me ... 100 % true . This watch is actually cool . When I saw the watch for the first time on amazon , I was really skeptical about buying it . I googled the model and tried to find out , if there were some other websites -LRB- ebay , kenmar watches , watchgear . . etc -RRB- having other pictures / shots in different angles which would give me little more clear picture of how the watch actually loooks . Is it too green , is it black ... ? Well I would like to quote what someone else who mentioned before , it has dark green hues mixed with black ... that how I would describe the watch . It Looks so so cool . The portion above the dial where it 's written G-shock + the area where you have `` G '' button ... that area is more like a black matte finish -LRB- grayish black I would say -RRB- ... and the side of the dial is like dark olive green , , , , like camouflage green , but a darker shade . The band is very nice and sturdy , its not all fabric , its got resin reinforced with it + the fabric seems to have been treated to make it harder and less absorbent . The watch dial is very clear and you can make out everything very clearly . I tried all the functions and they work just fine . I received the automatic time signal to sync my watch ... pretty neat , did not have to place it next to that window ... its synced it right on my wrist . . . Well I am very very happy with this timepiece ... I would recommend it to anyone . It is cool , very rugged , but not too big -LRB- like the pathfinders -RRB- it fits nicely on a average wrist ... mines not too big and its perfect for it . 5 stars for it anyday ... Happy Shopping
 This review is probably premature , since I have n't actually received the watch yet . But after days of research , and 2 trips to Macy 's to try the thing out , I 'm pretty confident that this is one of the top choices of the current slew of G-Shock/Atomic/Solar Casio watches.The one thing the GW002 has that the GW500 and the MTG920 do n't have is a Countdown Timer . For those of you like me who grew up with that little feature on older Casios , it beats the pants off of the `` Time Memo '' feature of the other 2 styles . I ca n't imagine a use for a time stamp anyway , especially one you cant attach text to.I also found the color to be unique - it 's kind of a greenish-gray or grayish-green - either way , it 's nice-looking in person . Also , the band was very comfortable . The description calls it `` nylon '' , but it 's actually nylon impregnated with resin . I like these bands better than the metallic ones for two reasons
 I was very happy with the purchase of this watch . When it arrived , it was actually less bulky than I expected , which was a plus . All of the time zone functions , the stop watch , timer , auto light and alarm work the way I expected . The price was right , the watch is comfortable to wear and looks great , if you like a rugged , military style appearance.I have not been diving with the watch yet , and probably will not wear it for diving . My main interest in this watch is its ability to sync with the Colorodo atomic clock . As a mariner , it is useful for navigation to have the exact time , and the sky wave travels much further than the stated range , across the Atlantic . A signal was picked up near the Canary Islands.My only complaints
 This is the perfect pilot 's watch . It has Zulu time , local time , a stop watch , date , etc. . Best of all , you never have to remember to set or wind it ! The controls for activating the stop watch are easily accessed , unlike my experience on a previous Casio RC/solar . It seems thinner than the original , so it is comfortable to wear.I recommend it highly .
 I just got this watch in the mail today . I researched all the watches for a couple days and picked this one . When I bought it there were no reviews on the internet so I took a chance . On first impressions the watch looks pretty tough and good quality . I am crazy about time and always knowing what the time is . It was important that I got an accurate watch so I wanted one with the atomic function . I heard that the atomic part really drains the batteries so I thought having solar would be a benefit . I am a little worried about the battery and it dieing on me . I know from experience that the more `` stuff '' they put in something the more chances of something going wrong . I decided to take the chance and try the solar out.I agree with the other reviewer that you should download the manuals for the watches you are interested in . I almost did n't buy this watch because I really wanted the countdown feature . I did n't see it listed anywhere in the tech details on amazon or on Casio 's website , but it does have it!I am very happy with the buttons on this watch . My last watch had buttons that stuck out and I was always hitting them on accident . This watch has big easy to press buttons that are kind of pushed down in the watch and wo n't be hit by accident.My only complaint with this watch -LRB- so far -RRB- is the band . It is a really nice band but I guess I am a little odd . I love having a watch but do n't like wearing them . I always carry a watch with me in my pocket . I want all the features of a watch like this that is meant for your pocket ! I looked at actual pocket watches but they are always analog . I was hoping that since this watch had a nylon band it would fold easily and fit in my pocket . Wrong , the band is pretty stiff and it naturally curves to fit your wrist . Of course this is nothing against the watch , it is actually really nice if you are `` normal '' and like wearing watches . After awhile I may try to take the band off , maybe even cutting it if needed.Overall , my first impressions are this is a wonderful watch . It looks cool , has great features , is just the right weight , and it feels tough . It even came to me fully charged with the accurate time already set . So far I am impressed with the solar since it was in a box with no light for several days and is fully charged . We will just have to see how long the battery lasts ... Go buy it !
 I purchased this watch for an upcoming round-the-world trip . It 's the first digital watch I 've owned . I 've had this watch for 2 days now , and I love it . It will really come in handy for travel because it 's got 29 time zones , 4 one time alarms , a re-occuring snooze alarm , an hourly notification -LRB- can turn this on or off -RRB- , a setting for daylight savings time , a countdown timer -LRB- useful for train schedules -RRB- , and a stopwatch . It 's got a power save feature that saves on battery usage if turned on . Mine came charged half-way , and after two days shows a full charge . Under normal usage , it will stay charged . The auto-backlight feature is really awesome ... it illuminates -LRB- 1.5 or 2.5 seconds -RRB- when you tilt your wrist to view the time , but only in the dark . You can also press the big button on the front for illumination . The atomic feature will not work overseas -LRB- because it 's too far from Colorado -RRB- , but the time can also be manually set if needed . If the setting is turned on , the watch will make a few attempts to update the time in the middle of the night . Mine has yet to do this , but I do n't keep the watch near a window like the manual suggests . I manually attempted an update on my front porch which worked just fine . I had to read the manual to learn how to change the settings , but I found it easy to configure after that . The three `` dials '' on the watch face show the `` seconds '' count , battery charge , and atomic signal strength . Also , this thing looks totally cool in dark green and black . My friend saw this watch and is buying one too .
 This is my third or fouth G-Shock . I buy them because they are indestructable . My last one , after about 10 years , was running fine but the case was coming apart , problbly because I never think about it ... -LRB- like clean it once in a while . -RRB- I really like this one . It is easy to use , sets itself every night if I put it on a window sill and is very comfortable for a large watch . I would not hesitate to recommend this watch to anyone .
 I purchased this watch through Amazon a month ago . It is not overly big and has performed well . I work with my hands so I do n't like a watch that cuts into you as you work . I wear the face down so this can be a problem with some pieces ; espeacially over size watches . I have n't figured out how to lengthen the light-up time while in battery save mode . The watch goes to sleep in this mode while you sleep to conserve on battery time which is good as it is a solar watch . Even though I wear the unit under my wrist it still seems to stay charged . Still . . a longer period to view the watch at night would be nice . I do n't recall the write up saying it was solar but It works for me . No problems with the Atomic clock signal . I would probably prefer a smooth band for easy cleaning but this twotone band is nice looking . It is injection molded to look like a woven product -LRB- Trad Swiss Army syle -RRB- but is simply soft plastic like all the rest . If I had one critic it would be that the time numerals are not large enough . I could do without the second countdown and the signal indicator . You need the battery indicator . On the upside ; the indented buttons keep the watch from inadvertant changes which is a big improvment over the last Timex I had .
 I like this Watch very much.It is easy to see , solar powered and radio controlled . All funtions work . I can not testify about it 's durability-I just got it.Brian
 I just received the watch in India , today . As soon as I opened the packaging - I could not help but look at this fine piece of beauty . I must admit I had checked reviews on the Internet for this piece for almost a year . The problem was that living in India , no one was willing to ship it here . That 's when I found vPOSTAsia . Anyone living far away where shipping from US merchants is a big issue - try vPOST , you wo n't regret it!As far as the watch is concerned , it looks NEAT . It has all the featuers one would actually look forward to in a watch , without any of the hanky-panky stuff . The watch band is very different - its made of a resin-rubber material with a bucke like normal G-Shock watches . I will try put up an image of the band.So , if you 're in two minds about this watch - I suggest that you stop thinking and go get it !!!
 I bought this as a gift for a loved one and she loves it ! Yes , it 's a little big for a woman , but she 's a teacher and needed all the stuff that it can do , plus she wanted a watch that would never die or need to be reset . When we received it , she put it on and I started reading the instructions and we discovered that it did so much more than we even knew about ! You can set it so that the light automatically comes on when you tilt your wrist to look at the time , but it does n't come on all the time when you are moving , because it knows when it is in just the right position ... it 's not a motion sensor it 's a position sensor . It has something like 24 city world time ... you just push a button and it shows you what time it is in Hong Kong , or Moscow , etc. . I ca n't even think of all the stuff it has -LRB- stopwatch , timer , etc -RRB- . The point is , we were completely satisfied with this purchase and THEN SOME ! One of the rare purchases I 've made that turned out to be better than what I expected . The retailer got it in the mail very fast and we received it within a couple days of ordering it .
 I owned one other Baby-G watch that lost its battery life prematurely . I bought this watch for sport and casual wear . The band has unusual grayish-olive cast to it and the face readouts are clear . It is set up nicely for modal changes and the buttons are sensitive . But the best part is the long lasting -LRB- dare I say infinite ? -RRB- life of its battery . It is charged by solar light and it saves the charge when put in a dark place . It keeps accurate time by resetting itself via a satellite signal from Colorado . How `` green '' , not to mention cool , is that ?
 Works pretty good , but when try to synchronize to obtain the real time , needs to be in a place without any type of interference so thats impossible inside a city , but is a awesome watch .
 All functions are working perfectly . Looks good too . The layout of the screen could be designed to utilize the space more efficiently , but oh well , I guess you ca n't have everything .
 Had this watch for about a month ... everything Casio said it was ... wish manual had bigger type -LRB- 56yo eyes -RRB- Hope it lasts as long as my last one . -LRB- 10 years -RRB- A great watch for the money !
 I bought this for my husband who wanted a G Shock watch for Christmas because he wanted something more casual than his Omega watch . HE LOVES IT ! He loves the straps and everything about the watch . He also likes the color . We highly recommend the watch .
 I purchased this watch to replace my original G-Shock which I had for 17 years and stood up to a lot of abuse . This watch is sleeker than the original and looks a lot better . I tried the auto light feature and liked it at first , but it soon got annoying because the light would turn on unnecessarily as I was driving at night . The automatic setting of the time is very nice and seems to work well . I have had it in water , and have worked out with it and it has continued to work well . I am interested to see how well the rechargeable battery holds up over the years .
 When I saw the watch on Amazon , I was really skeptical about buying it . I was n't too sure about the color and design , but figured since it got a 5-Star rating and was a reasonable price , why not . I received my watch today and I 'm very happy with it . It looked even better when I was about to touch it and play around with the functions . The combination of a green -LRB- dark olive green -RRB- and black band , mixes with G-Shock sleek , durable and quality design , makes this the perfect watch for the G-Shock enthusiast and everyday person . It is very comfortable to wear and is the most advanced G-Shock I 've ever owned . My only complaint is that I ca n't display the day of the week and the date at the same time . Being solar powered makes it a plus for environmentally friendly people . From what I can tell , the battery charges easily , with minimal exposure to sunlight . The automatic time calibration is very cool and a great feature , as I 'm a stickler for time accuracy . This is a highly recommended watch . Good luck !
 I just rec 'd my watch today and I 'm very happy with it . I already bought GShock GW 530 but I have to return it because there is no countdown timer which I use a lot at my work . While surfing in the internet I saw this watch in Amazon.com And I like the look of the watch right away . But it is definitely better in reality . The combination of greenish-gray and black on the band is way better than all black . I highly recommend this watch to people who needs a durable watch especially to their workplace or sports .
 This is a great watch . I wanted to get a watch that was either solar powered or motion powered . I like the G-shock watch because it is very durable , so I shopped around for a solar G-shock . I originally thought about buying a Casio analog-digital G-shock , but opted for this rainforest edition -LRB- GW002KA-3V -RRB- instead.Pros
 I bought this for my athletic boyfriend . He loves it ! All the accessories -LRB- light , atomic clock , etc -RRB- work great . The band is not the tacky rubber like most athletic watches . Great buy !
 I 've only had this watch for about 5 days , but I love it . It is so comfortable that I ca n't even tell I 'm wearing a watch . Very nice looking too ; sure , the face is somewhat large , but that 's to be expected for a G-Shock watch , and it is n't as large as some I 've seen . Nice to be able to toggle between the month-date and day . Never had a watch with a solar battery before , but I love the idea of not having to change the battery . So far the battery seems to stay at peak charge easily , with minimal exposure to sunlight . -LRB- indoor light works too -RRB- As a die-hard techie , I think it 's really cool that the watch receives a time calibration signal automatically each night from Fort Collins , Colorado ; in the morning you can easily check to see exactly when the signal was received . You can also do a manual receive of this signal if desired . Very cool ! I am into some outdoor sports , and this watch will be perfect for that . Nice to know that the vibration protection would also allow me to take up motocross , or use a chain-saw , if desired when wearing the watch ! :-RRB- Glad I purchased it .
 All of the features on this `` full featured '' watch work as advertised . It is a bit large , but that should n't be a surprise when you consider everything that is in it . Most pleasant surprise was how easily the time updates -- obviously the signal from Ft. Collins is very strong here on the east coast . The only -LRB- very minor -RRB- negative is that you must select whether to display the day of the week or the date , ca n't do both at the same time .
 When i was a little boy i remember casio watches as they was THE watch to wear . Throught years , several brands has shown up to innovate and shape the style and feautures of those watches to create HIGH STANDARD machines to get over the old fashioned casio degraded machines.I have become a frequent watch shopper , and now a days have more than 7 watches of great brands as swatch , tissot , nautica , polar , for example.But further they appareance and very high prices , i have seeing latetly several watches of different brands making all the functions of mines . Watches of X brand , doing the same as mines ... !!!!!!!!!!!! 1I really have to say that when i made the final decission to adquire this watch i was a little exceptic , but now i find out how casio is still in the market . Those others brands innovated that casio market BUT stayed with their upgrade , once that , casio took them from the edge and forward them with this excellent watches are making the difference.This watch looks nice , fit great and works awesome . I definitly recommend it !!!!
 I love , love , LOVE this watch , except for the fact that it is so big it fits on my upper arm -LRB- and ankle , even ! -RRB- . I have used this to my advantage occasionally at work -LRB- am a phsyician scientist -RRB- when I would otherwise have removed my watch or covered it with surgical gloves . However , it would be nice if Casio made more of their solar watches in women 's size , too . If they did , I 'd be inclined to buy it and pass this one on to someone whom it fits better !
 Got this watch , before the price went up , too bad as I was going to buy another but not at almost doublr the price , but watch is nice looking , has atomic clocktime feature , and solar power , makes it worry free . not as big as some G-Shocks , so thats nice , fits on my large wrists . helps to like the color green .
 I 've had this Casio for about a year now and am very pleased with it . It has everything that I was looking for
 I have purchased three watches for family members and the watch does all as advertised except for one problem . The back lighting goes on with very little wrist movement . All three developed this after a few months . I am concerned about unnecessary battery use . I have contacted Casio with no response .
 This watch solves several problems :1 . No need for battery replacement , so no cost for batteries and no disposal . This also means that the water resistance is preserved , since many battery replacement places do n't guarantee the factory seal .2 . More durable band ? This will take several years to figure out , but as others have mentioned , it looks and feels more sturdy than other rubber-based bands . I 've lost more watches due to band breakage than anything else .3 . Time is automatically set -- this is a convenient feature , plus it is easy to change time zones or maintain dual zones when traveling . However , it only tunes into Ft. Collins , so it wo n't find a signal overseas , as newer -LRB- and more expensive -RRB- atomic watches may . Not a big deal for traveling , though .
 I searched the Casio web site , until I found the watch I wanted . This watch was priced at $ 130.00 . I found it on Amazon for $ 70.00 . I very happy with the product and the shipment from Amazon . I 'm in Afghanistan and it is working perfectly so far .
 It will not receive the NIST transmission if I leave it in the car in the garage overnight , but I would not expect the weak Colorado signal to pass through so many levels of bunker . Inside the house , here in North Atlanta , it picks up the signal just fine .
 I got this watch through Amazon , free shipping.It took over a week to process and only a day for delivery.Item shipped out of NJ.Other than taking 9 days to get it , I love the watch . I have a small wrist and this G-Shock watch does n't look too big on me . I also like the band . It 's not made of rubber . It 's something like green nylon but stronger.It has all the features I need , sw , countdown , alarms and it 's easy to learn .
 There are three circular indicators on the face of this watch . I 'm puzzled by the one on the left . It 's not mentioned anywhere in the manual . Does anyone know what its function is?Update
 GREAT LOOKING BAND AND CASE . NUMBERS ARE A LITTLE SMALLER THAN MY OTHER G-SHOCK WATCHES , YOU HAVE TO TOGGLE BACK & FOURTH TO SEE DAY AND DATE OVERALL VERY PLEASED WITH THE WATCH .
 I have several digital watches and even the `` classic '' casio g-shock , but this is the first g-shock that looks well made . When I look at it , it reminds me of a top of the line Nikon or Canon SLR Camera . Both watch and camera are well designed , purpose built devices with no glitz . The bits and pieces , including the plastic ones , have been put together in a simple , direct manner without the cheesiness that one comes to expect from digital watches . The band has a very good feel to it , as if it was more than an after thought . The lettering on the watch face is in clear white letters in a simple font . The buttons are slightly recessed and are imbued with enough color contrast to the surrounding housing to be recognizable without calling too much attention . The case of this rugged watch is fairly large and not for the timid , but because of the dark well rounded body , it does ` nt call too much attention to itself . In other words , it looks like a well made tool rather then a computer chip embedded in cheap plastic . Congradulations Casio this is the first g-shock that does n't look as if it belongs on some video game character !
 I really like this watch . It just feels right and looks great.Just had a few issues catching the atomic signal in some areas.Recommended .
 Had this watch for about 2 months now wearing it daily . The nylon mesh is sewn onto the resin core of the band . But it does n't soak up sweat and has n't stained yet . Still looks new . The atomic time keeping , solar recharging pretty much makes it maintenance free . I like the stopwatch - it counts the hours as well as minutes , seconds , 1/100th of a second . Highly recommended .
 It took me a long time sifting through the details of the various Casio G-Shock watches available . None of them had all of the exact features I wanted , but I like the look and features of this one . I do n't think the 3 dials at the top are particularly useful , but it does what it says it 's supposed to and the silver case with gold face gives it a little more of a classy look that a pure outdoors tough look . Now if they made an atomic & solar version of this , that 's what I 'd prefer . The atomic solar versions either did n't display both date and day at the same time or did n't have a comparable countdown timer or a countdown timer at all , or the alarm had less features . I like the size of it too -- it is smaller and lighter than my Timex Expedition Adventure Tech Shock w/compass , and cost less . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I got it for forty dollars and I could n't be happier . Its taken tons of abuse and only has some minor scratches . The casing is made of metal with engraved writing and brushed accents . Its also got lots of nice features , like timer , countdown , alarm , etc. . The only thing that might bother some is that it is quite thick -LRB- even thicker than my cell phone -RRB- .
 have gotten a few compliments on it . The same watch also comes with the metal watchband , which would be dressier -- but this watchband is really nice .
 Item arrived , my wife opening her gift and get in amazed . The delievery time , the presentation , the watch itself , just lovely and amazing . i will keep buying from this seller again . Highly recommended .
 Since `` atomic '' watches contain radio receivers , they 've been too big for me . This one is just slightly thicker than a standard watch . The radio reception is great . The directions say to place it near a window for setting , but when daylight savings time came , I was sleeping nowhere near a window & it was set correctly when I awoke.It is one of the better looking digitals I 've seen . The digits are well formed from lots of dots , so a 3 does not look like an 8 with some bars removed . With all the progress in LCD displays , I can not imagine why watch makers have stuck with such antiquated technology . The buttons are in the standard places for a Casio but are recessed so it does n't look quite as geeky . The band is preformed to curve so it fits even my skinny wrists well.The alarm is a gentle beeping sound that stops on its own after 10 seconds or so . If you need more to wake up to , it may be too quiet . For me , it 's perfect.My only complaint is that it shows you either the month/date or the day of the week but not both at once . A single button push changes that view . It always shows you the seconds passing . All in all , a very nice watch !
 Slim style makes for a surreptitious look that belies the rugged and durable qualities of this accurate timepiece . Simple to operate , easy to see and comfortable to wear , the retro-styled contemporary watch looks a little different from the usual . The only down-side is the inevitable mineral glass lens that invites scratches . Why Casio do not manufacture a similar watch with a sapphire crystal lens is difficult to understand ; this problem extends through their wider range -LRB- some Oceanus excepted , in my view . Now , make a solar , titanium version with a sapphire lens and see the sales rocket !!
 The band is a bit large but the watch is great . From Kalamazoo , Mi . to Naples , Florida it resets on the beam every night , even on my arm . I do not know how long its life is , but right now , it was a great buy .
 Impressively thin for having both atomic clock synchronization and solar power . Wish that the day and date could be displayed at the same time . Also , the buttons are kind of hard to locate and push . Overall , though , great watch .
 I purchased this watch because I wanted something rugged , yet stylish . I love the fact that it is solar battery powered , and I was really excited about the atomic function , but I have not been able to synchronize the watch with the atomic clock frequency . This is due to an enormous amount of interference caused by the large city I live in . The fit is great , the screen is clear and the timer , alarm and stopwatch functions are all reliable and easy to use .
 With its retro look yet modern technological features , I was very impressed with it the first day/night cycle I wore it . Although the manual does insist on some pretty specific location and placement procedures for the receiving of the time calibration at night I found out that it is capable of receiving the signal even with it being strapped to my hand while I slept . While the watch certainly wont be turning any heads , those who give it a second look will be pleasantly rewarded .
 I have always been a bit anal about knowing the exact time , and I used to set my watch at least once a week . Now I just have to remember to set the watch in the window each night and I always have the correct time to the second . The solar battery keeps a good charge , even with the light coming on each time I tilt my wrist to look at the time . It is not as `` slim and sleek '' as my old Casio , but is a much better watch .
 This Casio watch is really nice , looks very good and works great.The band is super nice.The watch seems to stay charged all the time.I do recomed this watch . have a good day .
 I 've had this watch for about 2 weeks now and I love it . It sets itself every night while it is on my arm in bed . The time keeping is perfect . It is comfortable and fits under sleeves and unlike other G-shocks , there are n't any `` lumps '' to get caught on your shirt when you pull your sleeve to see the watch.I have two minor complaints . The alarms are a little quiet . I had a non-solar G-shock in the 80 's and it was loud enough to wake me in the morning . This one does n't always wake me . Maybe my ears are losing some sensitivity ... The buttons are placed below the bezel which hides them and makes the watch look nice and smooth but they can be a little hard to press as a result . I frequently use the count down timer to time setting of dental impression materials , etc. and find the edge of the bezel to be a little bit in the way . Fortunately the buttons do n't require much force to push and they are very short-throw so it is n't a big deal . I do find that I pull arm hairs when I press the buttons.I have a skinny wrist so the band is a little over-sized for me . I also find that the curve built into the band tends to rotate the watch away from my face so I have to turn my arm extra far to read the watch . I fixed this problem by taking the band off and swapping the two pieces . Now the watch naturally tilts a little toward my face so I do n't have to twist my arm so far to read it.I chose a G-shock because it works well for my life . I swim and dive . I need to time things almost every day . I needed a watch to be tough enough to withstand scrubbing and disinfection . This watch does the job ! Solar and atomic were nice additional features .
 Casio Men 's G-Shock Atomic Solar Watch #GW 700A-9VWith so many fine Casio choices , and after reading numerous reviews of all the Casio Atomic Solar and Pathfinder watches , it was difficult to come down to a final decision . I had originally thought I would get a Pathfinder model , but the significantly higher cost and likely bulkier size steered me to the G-Shock models , and I could not be more pleased.Since this is , after all , a watch , the most important feature to me was accuracy . Casio 's website -LRB- http://www.casio.com/products/Timepiece/G-Shock/GW700_Series/product/GW700A-9V/ -RRB- indicates + / -15 seconds per month . I think that is probably conservative , but certainly acceptable , even without Atomic Timekeeping . Based on my relative short term use , I 'm guessing it will probably end up being closer to 5 seconds per month , again without atomic updating.Atomic Timekeeping : In viewing many of the Casio watches which have this feature , the reviews seemed to be mixed , with a significant number saying the feature -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- was very disappointing . Living in Mayberry -LRB- Mount Airy , NC , -RRB- a pretty good distance from Fort Collins , I had to assume that I would probably not be able to get the signal . So did I still want the watch , at a price that certainly included such a sophisticated feature ? Sure , why not . I could always return it.The first night after I got the watch , I followed the directions and placed it in a window , facing southwest , which was the best that I could do . And wonder of all wonders , the next morning it had synced with the radio signal !! Notice the small circular dial on the lower right corner of the watch face . That now has the letter `` G '' in the circle , indicating a strong signal was received . Pressing the receive button in the lower right corner shows the time of the sync . The next night , I left the watch on the night table next to my bed . Again a successful sync . The next night , I left it in another room on a bedside table , not near a window . Again , the sync was successful . I kept the watch `` stand '' that came with the watch . It seems just right for synching purposes.Solar Power : Casio says this watch has `` Tough Solar Power . '' I 'm not sure how that differs from regular solar power , but when I got the watch , it was already set to the proper time , day of the week , and date . The small solar strength arrow on the left side of the watch face indicated that the battery had a `` middle charge . '' I placed the watch face up under an incandescent lamp for a couple of hours . The arrow moved up to `` high '' and has stayed there since.Watch face : The picture of the watch face is accurate except that the day of the week and date and month are actually darker than in the picture . There is plenty of contrast in normal lighting , and a brief touch of the `` G '' button below the watch face on the band quickly lightens the screen . The regular time screen shows exactly what I wanted
 Exactly what I wanted . Lots of cool features , looks great . A tad bulky , but it ' s a G-Shock after all , and compared to other G-shocks it 's actually not quite as big . When I got the instruction manual , I was a little nervous about all the directions for sitting the watch on a windowsill every night to get the perfectly accurate time from a satellite -- there were all these tips about how to get good reception . -LRB- I 'm in PA , by the way . -RRB- Well , the windowsill was a little iffy , and seemed annoying anyway , but it was completely unnecessary for me . The reception works perfectly every night on my wrist in bed . My other concern was the solar power -- the instructions list all sorts of time requirements to keep it charged . I had to charge it when I first got it , but the charge has stayed on `` high '' ever since without me doing anything special to keep it that way -- just normal wear . I love the multiple alarms . Fantastic watch , and the Amazon price is almost half of the price I found for the exact same watch in a mall watch store .
 An atomic watch was a must for me because I needed the accuracy . I also prefer a watch that is easy to use and keeps itself set . The solar recharging feature for the battery is a bonus . I rated this watch 4-stars instead of 5-stars only because of the small numbers on its face which are n't offset with enough contrast . -LRB- I 'm nearing 50 and my eyesight for this kind of reading is marginal -RRB- . Otherwise , awesome watch !
 I keep it on a window sill in the daytime for charging when not in use , and on my night table next to another atomic -LRB- alarm -RRB- clock at night for time setting and ready to go in the morning . Its a pleasure having a watch that does n't need setting and wo n't need routine battery replacement . I expected it to be somewhat bulky in thickness and it is , but mostly because of the protective ring around the crystal and not a problem . My main issue is that the LCD face is more drab green than champagne as described . The contrast leaves something to be desired . A standard lighter background with black characters be better .
 Wish the display was a bit bigger , but that 's my only gripe . Fantastic features and great styling . Plus , I 've yet to notice any delays whatsoever in receiving the atomic clock signal , even in buildings where there should definitely be one .
 I live in NJ - and the watch catches the update from Ft. Collins without fail each morning . I love having an exceptionally accurate watch , that looks virtually indestructable too . Highly recommended .
 I have had this watch for a little more than two weeks now . It has successfully set itself each night to the signal from WWV in Colorado -LRB- I am in Louisiana -RRB- This is in spite of the fact that it has been on my wrist while I was sleeping ! -LRB- The owners manual suggests that you place it on a windowsill overnight to get a good signal from WWV -RRB- . I do suggest that you read the owners manual , especially the part about the solar recharge times necessary to recover from usage of alarms , backlight , etc. . I rarely use the backlight and have not noticed any decline of the `` battery '' due to normal usage , but your mileage may vary if you use the alarm or backlight often.I highly recommend this watch !
 I purchased this watch as a replacement for a previous purchased Atomic Solar G-Shock -LRB- slightly different model -RRB- that was put in the trash by my 11/2 year old . I am again completely satisfied with the durability , funtions -LRB- alarm -RRB- , & price value . I surf alot with this watch always on . This watch can handle abuse !
 I ordered this watch for my first G-Shock . I have always wanted one , but wasnt in the Army , so i had no need for one of the huge mudman style watches . This one is sleek and slim , compared to the others . Atomic time was a must have and solar is very nice , living in FLA. . Overall , very easy to use . Nice big display . comfortable band.worth every penny !
 I like this watch alot . Atomic , Solar , what do you need more than that . Casio quality . alarm could be little louder . I am very satisfied .
 When I went searching for a watch to take scuba diving , I looked for several features , including a decent water resistant depth , a digital display , a stopwatch function , and buttons that would be easy to use while wearing wet suit gloves . The precision of `` atomic time '' was n't necessary but I 'd owned another watch with the feature and had grown reliant on the automatic synchronization and accuracy . The Casio G-Shock watch fit the bill with few limitations . The watch charged quickly in the Phoenix sun and power levels have n't been a problem in the month I 've used it . Synchronization at home has occurred well , like clockwork , but failed in several hotel rooms during a recent dive vacation to California . A dedicated display tells whether synchronization has occurred . This is a nice feature I 've not seen in many other watches . The watch performed well underwater . I 'd been concerned about the size of the display after reading other reviews but found it easily readable both above and below the surface . The watchband , which appears of generous length , was a bit too small to fit around my wrist while wearing a wetsuit . As a result , I hung the watch around the hose to my console . This made using the buttons for the stopwatch and displays much easier to use and put it at a distance perfect for my middle aged eyes . Needless to say , I did n't test the claim that the watch is water resistant to 660 feet . I can say the watch worked perfectly on repetitive dives to a tenth of that depth . I 'm very happy with this watch and look forward to taking it back into the water soon .
 This is my second watch of exactly the same one . My previous watch lasted 5 years . I wear it to work and it takes a beating every day . I am a hands on Aircraft Mechanic . I love the recessed glass so that it does not get scratched . The watch still works but the wrist band finally gave out . If you need something rugged and dependable you can not go wrong with Casio . Casio is a superb watch maker and is the only brand I use.Take it from a professional it is well worth the money .
 Love it . Perfect combination of simplicity , style & technology.Uncomplicated easy to read display . Stylish , not brutish look.Perfect , technology blend of Atomic time , Solar recharge , Waterresistant , G-Shock rugged .
 After buying this watch and receiving I noted the high quality upon opening the box . The brushed aluminum is a nice touch . The watch is big , but I like that about it . The atomic feature is very nice , noting that it stays in tune with my time on my computers at work . How nice to never have to set it again ! The charge remains at full without any additional intervention upon arrival other than some exposure to sunlight or a bright internal light . The only issue I have with the watch is the need for a count down timer . This is a feature I have always had with Timex watches in the past and have already found my self searching for it even though it is n't there . I would definitely consider this watch again and/or recommend it to family and friends .
 As most reviewers have said , this is an excellent G-Shock . It is accurate , tough , solar , world times , water resistant to 200 m , and the sync works flawlessly for me . It is my reference watch now.The contrast could be better but the auto illumination works well enough . A count down timer would be nice as well .
 Good looking watch with good quality.Contrast between background and numbers is poor . . outdoor this is not a problem but indoor will give some people like me problem to read time.Synchronization with with atomic clock does n't work the way I wish . . Every night I left watch by window as instruction say and only few times a month I 'm able to synchronize my watch.This should be easy task anytime day or night , but is not .
 I HAVE OWNED A SIMILAR CASIO G-SHOCK WATCH BEFORE WHICH HAD A METAL CLASP-TYPE BAND , BUT I FIND THAT I PREFER THE HIGH-QUALITY PLASTIC RESIN BAND ON THIS WATCH , BECAUSE THE WATCH IS MORE EASILY ADJUSTABLE TO MY WRIST AND ALSO MORE EASILY REMOVEABLE.CASIO G-SHOCK WATCHES ARE THE HIGHEST QUALITY , MOST DURABLE AND SHOCK-RESISTANT , MOST ACCURATE -LRB- ATOMIC CLOCK TIME-SETTING -RRB- , MOST RELIABLE -LRB- SOLAR BATTERY -RRB- , AND PROBABLY THE MOST WATER-RESISTANT WATCHES AVAILABLE AT ANY PRICE , BUT I WOULD LIKE TO HAVE A VASTLY INFERIOR NON-OSTENTATIOUS STAINLESS STEEL ROLEX SOLEY SO I COULD ADMIRE ITS VERY HIGH-QUALITY TRADITIONAL CRAFTSMANSHIP . TO ADMIRE THE CRAFTSMANSHIP OF THE CASIO I MIGHT NEED AN ELECTRON MICROSCOPE , AND I DO NOT HAVE ONE .
 I had my doubts about this but have found it to be better looking -LRB- much ! -RRB- than the pictures and it has an Apple like build quality and feel to it.It is a LARGE watch , which makes it fashionable these days , but lightweight , stylish and fun to wear . You might not want to wear this with a suit but it looks great with casual wear . The strap is wide , smooth and exceptionally comfortable.The time synching works well but not perfectly every time . But ... I do n't put it on a windowsill as suggested and it still does OK.The battery lasts a long time and so I do n't have to make a point of leaving it in bright light too often . This is good because I 'm afraid of losing or forgetting it.This thing can do a lot and you will benefit by reading the owners manual to get the full benefits . It DOES warn you that using features like the alarm and display light will quickly wear down the solar battery . It takes a 50 minute charge to make up for one press of the display . The solar feature is cool but maybe a traditional battery makes more sense?For not much money you get a cool , well made , stylish , comfortable and accurate watch . For the price and what I get out of it , this was a real bargain ! Even whatever downside there is to the solar battery is made up for by it being unique .
 A great watch once you get it set up . I believe it would be easier to find a cure for cancer than trying to understand the booklet that comes with this watch . When you receive your watch call CASIO support and they will guide you through the set-up for this watch . Give them the 4 digit number in the box on the back of watch which is 2818 . The number to call is 1-800-435-7732 option 5 . They are great people and will get you up and running in 5 minutes .
 I have had this watch for about a month and it is great !! Everything you would expect from a G-Shock . Even for its big size it fits comfortably on my wrist , I weigh a 150 Lbs so my wrists are quite small and since it is so comfortable I usually do n't even know I 'm wearing it . The EL Display works great and the auto backlight is a great feature . It syncs with the atomic clock in Denver every evening and I have checked the time with the atomic clock on the internet and it is within spec -LRB- + / - 0.05 seconds -RRB- when I check it :--RRB- . Great looking watch that will last you a long time and the display has excellent protection from scratches , you would really have to go out of your way to do some damage to it . The charge indicator has always been HIGH since I have recieved it , granted I live in Phoenix Az where it 's sunny almost every day , and it even goes to sleep with you at night -LRB- Display shuts off to save battery life -RRB- . Great watch , great price and looks and feels awesome - I do n't believe you will be disappointed in the purchase of this watch .
 I am mostly satisfied with this watch . The primary features I was interested in were the solar power and the atomic synchornization.The atomic sync is rather flakey , as I read in other reviews . If I leave the watch near a window at night , it will sync every 3-4 days , despite the fact that it attempts to sync every night at 2,3,4,5 AM . I 'm in CA though . I suppose those closer to CO will have more reliable syncing.The additional features on this watch are of questionable value . I still ca n't figure out what you can do with a feature that lets you record the current date/time . The stopwatch has no lap timer.It 's definitely built well and worth the discounted Amazon price : -RRB-
 I have owned and still do . . many Casio products . I recently purchased this watch and it is fantastic . The look is crisp . . neat . . and very easy to read . It has all the bells and whistles you need and it is stylish . I own a pathfinder and it does a lot more but look at the price.This watch is an excellent value and you will not be disappointed . The service I received from Amazon was also fantastic.I have NEVER written a review before for any watch ... this should tell you something . Would not hesitate to recommend this watch . Casio has done itagainJohn M
 This watch does everything it 's supposed to better than advertised . Instructions say to carefully position the watch near a window to receive radio signals but I find that it does just fine anywhere I leave it at night . Without making any special attempt to keep the watch in the light the battery charge indicator has shown full charge the entire time I 've owned it . Since it 's plastic it 's lighter than a metal watch and more comfortable to wear . And best of all , I 'll never again lose an argument about what time it is !
 Recommend this watch . Synchs nightly and keeps accurate time as a result . Some features are hard to use and require reference to manual . Battery level indicator is useless since it charges by exposure to sun .
 This watch is everything it said it was . And for the money you ca n't beat it . Thanks , Randy
 Bought this model as a replacement to my old -LRB- 12 + yrs -RRB- G-Shock , even if the later is still running . Easy to use with all its great features . Well made for outdoor and rugged use . Price at Amazon is also fantastic . I bought another one as a gift .
 I purchased the watch to wear during a vacation to bright and sunny Mexico . The watch does what it is supposed to . The black background was great for the sunny days , it was extremely easy to read . Unfortunately at night or with low light it was difficult to read without using the light . It held up well to pool swims and ocean snorkeling excursions . The alarm system , which does have little learning curve , worked wonderfully to wake us up or tell us when it was happy hour . All and all a good watch for the value and one that will hopefully hold up over time .
 If you decide to purchase this watch , it is a great value for the modest cost of $ 41.00 shipped . A bit hard to read in the black face model but you get Casio strength and reliability . A cheap fun multifunctional , comfortable and stylish choice .
 The coolest watch I ever had ... perfect if you are going to disarm a bomb in an action movie . I 'm wearing it as I type , still looks cool . I have had many compliments and more to come I 'm sure .
 I am in the military and needed a new watch because my issued G-Shock got lost . This watch is great . does everything I need and can witstand abuse . I have taken it diving , climbing , flying , it works fine . Style is sleek and not bulky like the standard G-Shock . The band color is a dark olive drab so be mindful of that . The picture i had seen before purchasing showed the green a little different .
 I bought this Casio-Pathfinder Multi-Dimensional Watch last month for about $ 125.00 . It has many functions such as
 I have taken this watch on safari in Africa , mountain climinging in the Rockies , and scuba diving in the Caribbean . It never fails to give accurate time and compass directions , the stop watch has come in handy for running , and I love the backlight function . For all that this watch does , it 's a bargain . Plus , if you 're a guy who likes gadgets , this one looks really cool .
 I love this watch , which was a present -LRB- thanks , Wife -RRB- . Why do I love it ? 1 -RRB- Big numbers for old eyes . You could read this thing from the next state .2 -RRB- Easy to figure out when I do n't have the manual along . People are complaining all over this review section of difficulty on this , but the only thing that gave me a problem was re-disabling the auto-light function when it got turned on -LRB- the watch can be set to light when the wrist is revolved - I wear my watch on the side of my wrist so it was always flickering on and off -RRB- . everything else I 've found relatively easy to figure out on the fly .3 -RRB- The barometer , which is neat for me when trying to figure out what the weather might be doing in the next hour or so .4 -RRB- The compass which prevents me from walking exactly the wrong way in Manhattan for a block or more , or driving in circles on Long Island looking for a bloody sign saying where I am or which way I 'm going .5 -RRB- Loud alarm -LRB- s -RRB- that actually wake me up when needed.Things that people complain about that I think are justified :1 -RRB- The duration of the light . Too short.Things that others complain of that are n't justified :1 -RRB- The altimeter not working out for itself what the air pressure is doing . It 's using the same sensor that is used for the barometer of course , and has no way of knowing that a drop in air pressure is because you climbed a hill or because the weather just turned crappy . What else do people think would happen ? 2 -RRB- Temperature readings inaccurate when worn
 It 's big , but jazzy . All the functions work great , except for the altimeter which is vastly unreliable . Would have liked it more if it had a countdown timer .
 If you like a big dial , and I do , you 'll love this feature packed watch.I need the large display for my aging eyes -LRB- and I am only 47 -RRB- . Temperature is not accurate to ambient temp , because it is on your wrist.The other functions work fine , and the temp works if you have it off your wrist for 15 minutes.The strap is comfortable and strong . The backlight is great and will work on auto-function -LRB- cool feature -RRB- . I was in the rain for two straight days and no problems with being wet . Ca n't wait to go to Colorado this summer and utilize the altitude function at Estes Park .
 What a cool watch ! Plenty of features to play with . I use the temp/barometer daily . I use the timer 5-6 times a week . . especially since my dryer timer is out ! I use the compass frequently , and to impress friends . For $ 125 , if it goes out , get another ! Why buy a Rolex or Breitling -LRB- which I have stupidly to impress others -RRB- , and they need ` tuning up ' for $ 400 - $ 500 every 5 years ... ? What am I missing here ?
 For the price and performance hard to beat . Wist band could be made of a better material , but other than that great watch .
 This watch is amazing and I really do like it for all my outgoing activities . The triple sensor feature on this watch is very accurate and I had no problems reading the instructions in order to customize my self with this type of watch . Very well solid construction and the reading characters on the display are big enough which makes the reading information easily . Alarm is loud enough to wake you up in about 4 seconds ! All the features on this watch worth the money that I paid for .
 The watch is what I expected . Compass is especially cool . The basic functions of the Barometer and Altimeter are good . The Advanced features of the Barometer and Altimeter something I will never use .
 This review is purely on the durability of the watch . My husband has owned this watch for maybe 3 + years . One day when he pissed me off I slammed it a few times on our granite counter top . I 'd like to think I 'm fairly strong and that it was pretty hard when I slammed it face down . Anyway , after accepting his apologies and forgiving my husband , we were surprised to discover that the watch still worked as if I did n't do anything to it . My husband still uses his watch and the small scratch on the face -LRB- the only evidence of his error -RRB- serves as a tiny reminder to not piss me off .
 I liked this watch because of its features ... Compass - Barometer - Thermometer - Altimeter . Its a little bit big on my wrist , but looks great . all the features work perfectly , only the thermometer shows your body temperature when its on your wrist else gives perfect reading . Specially the Barometer shows nice weather prediction -LRB- downwards graph deteriorating weather , upwards graph improving weather -RRB- . I bought it for 110 $ . Highly recommend .
 When I received this watch it seemed very nice . It comes with a manual that is about 1 inch thick ! I read through all of it . This watch can do a lot of things . Simular to other reviews have said , the temperature is off a little when you wear it on your arm . It is accurate when it is not on your arm . Everythings works the way it is supposed to . The altimeter is not very accurate . I keep getting different readings when I ckeck it at the same location . This is not a watch for the average person ! To do different things with the watch you will need the manual to remember how to set things . The manual is written well but take it with you when you wear the watch so you can learn all the different functions . Overall I like the watch and will probably get another one when I need to .
 I am the kind of guy who loves gadgets . If it can be programmed , then I have to have one . I do like this watch . I have only owned it for a couple months , but I like it . I am also a pilot . This is NOT a device that you could reliably use for that kind of activity . The altitude and baromerter measurements are not accurate enough to use for a life and death activity . Use it for skydiving ? Nope , I wouldnt like that . But , for camping , boating , fishing , and general outdoors use , I think it 's well worth owning . The night light is awesome . Even for someone as blind as I am . The digital compass seems to be dead on . I like that . It 's fun to use the graphing capabilities of the altimater and baramoter . I havent done any deep water stuff , but so far it 's waterproof as advertised . Again , I like that . You need to calibrate the Altitude , Baramoter , and Temp with known numbers , but that is not that hard to do . Programming and Calibration = FUN . The watch has 5 alarms , a stop watch , and bunch of other `` stuff '' . I like that .
 Pros : I do n't think you will find another watch with these features anywhere near this price.The Sensors seem to be fairly accurate and it 's no where near as big on your wrist as you think it 'll be.Cons : The Light - Great looking at night but does n't stay on long enough . It would have been extremely easy to make it where you can hold down the button to keep the light on . The way it is you have to either read super fast or turn it on a second time if you miss something.The Barometer
 I have had my watch for a bout a month It was easy to set up still learning new things about It . I was so supprise with this watch I was buying another brand of watch and after about two years I had to replace It . the Pathfinder is really made well I will never go back to the other name brand watch I was using It can not hold a candel to the Casio pathfinder I recommend this watch and I certainly will buy another pathfinder , when time comes around I expect to have this watch for many years .
 This is my husband 's third pathfinder watch in 16 years . He LOVES this one the best . It is so much easier to use . He has a big wrist and the dial is perfect . It arrived in record time in perfect condition . Thank you .
 This watch is really cool ! Just like everybody else has written though , it is pretty big , much larger than the average watch . So , not necessarily the casual wear or everyday type of usage , but of course perfect for its purpose which is outdoor trail/hiking . People who complain about the thermometer , just deal with it ... your body temp will in fact affect the reading by +5 / 8 degrees or so , oh well , that 's life , learn how to compensate for that if you are wearing it and want the temperature . The directions for reading the altimeter are not as detailed as I would like them to be but at the same time I really did not get it for that function anyway . There are other casio watches with the same features but just have different bands or colors and cost much more , do n't waste your money . This one is perfect . I Have never had an issue with anything I 've ordered from amazon , always gets there in the time specified .
 I wanted a low cost watch to take with me on my next trip and came across this one . That way , in case I loose it , I am not too upset . This one has the compass feature which will help me find my ways . Then there are the barometer and altimeter features that will be useful trivia info for my records . I find that Casio has come a long way since they started with watch offerings and will likely do more in the future . This does not have the solar power feature , but I do not expect to use this for 20 years anyway . I do look forward to a future low cost model with GPS for Lat/Long as well . Thus , for a sale price of $ 70 at a local Costco store ... it was a great deal .
 Great watch for the adventure loving tech savvy folks.Rugged , cool and highly endurable.Go for this guys ... good value for money .
 It works flawlessly , no complains about it , except maybe that the temperature it measures it 's the one on your body and not the one in the air , so it 's not much of a usable feature . If they could squeze all those features into a smaller package , it would surely be a hit .
 Casio triple sensors are an awesome product with rugged dependability . I saw this watch listed on Amazon 's homepage for a great price , so I ordered it right away . I recieved a confirmation email , and notice that the product would arrive in 5-7 days . Three hours later , I received a cancellation email from Amazon . I went back to reorder , but the price was now triple the original price . When I called Amazon , they responded with several lies , and then tried to blame their supplier . This is `` bait and switch '' and it 's illegal in many states . I 've also learned that this practice is quite common for Amazon watches , so be wary . I have decided to take ALL my business elsewhere .
 The watch is very nice , but sometimes from my physical activities when I look at the watch for the time it 's on a different screen which is easily remedy . I need to set the temp . for accuracy since it seems a little off . Love the light . I recomend it at this stage . Thank you !
 Thus far I have owned two Casio PAG40 Pathfinder Triple Sensor Multi-Function Sport Watches which is proof that I like the product . This watch has been worn when scuba diving to over 130 ' deep and under very challenging conditions including heavy vibration and has never failed . The compass is great as it helps to verify your position when necessary . I have never trusted the temperature gauge but like the altitude function . I use the stopwatch function to keep track of my golf score -LRB- one second equals each stroke -RRB- and number of fish caught more than as a `` stopwatch '' . Light always works and is quite bright . Watch has three batteries so it is somewhat expensive when you need to replace a battery but ... that 's the cost for a very busy watch . Consider getting a spare gasket/seal so when you replace the batteries you have a quality new seal too . Great watch and probably the best sport watch on the market .
 I purchased this watch in 2006 and its still going strong , all the functions work and the same battery . This watch goes everywhere with me .
 I have this watch from 2007 and it has been very good . Just the band has deterioreted . But overall it 's an excellent watch .
 am using this more then year and its very good and durable ; i like it . features are excellent . i use it frequently .
 This watch was a Christmas present for my husband . He loves the watch . It has so may great features for him since he never takes his watch off , even showers with it on at times . He is a hunter and loves the compass , thermomter and barometer for when he is in the woods and being a big weather buff makes it even better . It is a nice looking watch also . The only con , as some have said , which I read in the reviews but did not stop me from ordering it for him , the thermomter is not the most accurate , you do have to take the watch off to get a good reading but he is ok with that . I am very happy with the watch and so is my husband .
 This watch it 's very nice , it 's great , there is many functions that i did n't see on the site . I can do watersports with it , hiking , or anything outdoor . I recommend for people that love adventure , it 's very good .
 I purcashed this watch after waiting several months for the right time to get it . I ordered it and it came in one day . It took about an hour to set the time on it . The only cons I have with it are
 The watch ' casio men 's blue pathfinder triple sensor #pag 40b-2v is very durable and executes all fucnctions required of it.It is not just a watch for updating one on the time of the day , it also functions as a calculator , temperature updates , date , directions and other usefull features.I see it as an asset for me , even though its just a wrist band , but a wrist band with a difference .
 The search for the most rugged , functional watch is over . The Casio Pathfinder tops them all . I spent the first year of the war in Iraq wearing this watch without fail . The compass function came in very handy driving all over the desert . And the large face makes it easy to see .
 My first triple sensor watch , 15 yrs . ago , was a Casio Quatro . It worked well for some 10 yrs . till it began suddenly going blank , even with a new battery . When the local jeweler -LRB- where I originally bought it -RRB- could no longer get Casio Triple Sensor watches from his distributor , and could not fix the problem , I bought a LaCrosse triple sensor watch with lower water proof rating . When 2 of these leaked in shower , hot tub and sauna situations , I finally went on line and bought this model Casio , after reading all the reviews.I learned as much or even more by reading the lower star rating reviews , and would recommend the same to a prospective buyer.This is by far the best triple sensor watch I 've ever owned , and though I 've only had it for less than a week , I would whole heartedly recommend it , or perhaps one of the similar models , to anyone looking for these features in a sport watch ! The separate buttons for compass , barometer , altimeter , and light , as well as the other 2 bottons for setting the various measuring devices , makes it easy to use . The compass works well for general directions , after setting it up the bidirectional method , and is not intended for navigation purposes . The night back light lights up the numbers for easy visualization in the dark.As far as the thick manual , if you cut off the other languages it 's only 1/8 '' thick , and if you go on line to Casio and download the manual from their website in English , it 's only 8 pages long -LRB- letter size pages -RRB- and can be easily taken on trips for reference .
 For the price , you will have a hard time finding a watch with as many features . As most other watches with sensors for the different functions , even some costing over 4 times as much , it comes calibrated with `` international settings '' -LRB- it measures altitude based on atm pressure variations -RRB- , but you can calibrate as you wish depending on the situation -LRB- for example
 everything works fine as advertised . my only concern is it takes a good while to get the temp . it has to set it self everytime , which is normal . the altitude is pretty accurate and the compass is also pretty accurate . if you are not sure you can always calibrate the 3 sensors . i 'm deployed to ballad , iraq and being in aviation , i use the 3 sensors everytime . highly recommended .
 I became interested in this watch when a friend of mine paid me a visit and he was wearing the Casio Pathfinder Triple Sensor . I admired the rugged good looks and the large watch face display . I have owned the watch for almost a month , and I like the ability to hit the light button to see what time it is in the dark . The triple senor capability is interesting if you want to know more about the environment you are in . I was looking for a rugged `` work '' watch with good looks , waterproof and a good price . I looked all over the internet and found Amazon had the best price with free shipping . I am very happy with my purchase and would buy the same watch again .
 I 've owned this for a few months -LRB- including a recent backpacking trip -RRB- and have found it very useful.Pros
 Best than other expensive watches that claim to do the same but not.Altimeter : OK -LRB- After minor adjust/config . , read manual -RRB- Barometer
 Before you read this review , know that I was lusting after the PAW line of Pathfinders before I bought the PAG 40 . I particularly was drawn to the solar power and atomic clock calibration of the PAW line . HOWEVER , this PAG 40 showed up at my local Costco for $ 99.97 - a deal I could n't pass up . I am not disappointed - IT 'S A GREAT WATCH ! I give it 5 stars because of the features and the price I paid for it.The PAG 40 is my third Pathfinder watch . I 've been wearing them now for nearly 20 years . This newest one does not disappoint . Rugged , light , and incorporating everything I 've come to expect from Pathfinders , with the added bonus of much bigger face and better backlighting than my original two . WAY better backlighting.All the new Pathfinders I 've looked at solve the major weakness I personally found in my previous two
 Works exactly as advertised . Comes with a leather pouch to help protect the lighter from scratches . Metal hood can make lighting larger diameter cigars dificult , but not impossible . Flame adjustment is about the size of a dime to make adjustments quick and easy . Would definitely buy this again .
 The watch was a gift for my son . He spends a lot of time in and around the water . I 've noticed he wears it all the time not just in the water . It is nice looking as a bonus .
 Great watch , great price , looks fantastic , light but strong , just what I was looking for .
 This is a quality watch that I have used for years . It is very similar in appearance to the much more expensive L ***** x watch for a fraction of the price , however , of course there is no tritium .
 I bought this for my husband for christmas and he loves it . The color is perfect !
 I WORKED FOR TIMEX FOR 25 YEARS ,1976 TO 2001 , AND HAVE USED THEIR WATCHES FOR YEARS . I DECIDED TO TRY A CASIO AND SO FAR I AM WELL PLEASED WITH IT . I RECIEVED MY PURCHASE JUST AS PROMISED AND AT THE EXACT DAY IT WAS TO ARRIVE .
 I bought this watch for my boyfriend , for Christmas . He collects watches and was looking for an `` every day watch . '' He loved this one , the moment that he opened the box . He wears this to work and around the house . It is a solid , well-built watch , with solid looks . The blue accents make the watch `` pop '' but still look like a classic sport watch .
 Everything about this watch is nice . I love it because it is a tough resistant watch and , at the same time it is really elegant so you can use it to hang around and to dress up too .
 I needed a multi-timezone watch to cope up with my traveling . I was looking for a rugged watch that would go well with any attire and also have different functions such as stopwatch , two timezone , day-date display , multi-time alarm and so on . I also have a history of scratching up the bezel which I wanted to avoid this time . This watch is a perfect fit for my requirements . The unique blue face of the watch attracts quite a lot of attention . Several of my friends thought that this was more expensive than it actually was . The only grouse I have is that the the analog hour and second hands are not very clear in dark if the radium is weak . The back-lit display only shows the digital time . But this is a minor issue when compared to the features this watch comes loaded with . Definitely a good watch to buy for regular use .
 This is great looking watch but ... If you need glasses , better be prepar , the number are small , also a very important item . Night time when use the backlight , foreget about able to see the hands , they just dispears on the darcknes and , if one is in top of the displays just forget about it , id behind and those digits are gone so jut try to makeup the numbers.Another is even on daytime , if the nad is in top of the windows with information important to you like month and day , it might cover those digits and you need to move the the angle of looking to figured it out.I am returning the watch is just too much problems.Sorry . . good looking and a seem good but for same people.Thanks
 It 's a small G-shock . If your wrist is over 8 inches this is a tight fit . The analog can be tough to read against the back groung . It does have some cool features . I really like the snooze alarm . It is easy to use the features and set the alarms .
 I bought this for my Husband for Christmas . I could n't wait to give it to him he loves it . It is such a powerful watch n grabs everyone 's eye everyone has noticed it n they love it . I have been wearing and buying G-shock ever since I was a kid . I totally recommend this watch to everyone it 's GREAT .
 Had this watch for a couple months now , very happy overall . Only major complaint is that it 's a little bulky .
 The watch is unique , which is outstanding in a digital world . Typical Casio craftmanship . Many complex timing features , but easy to master . $ $ $ value second to none . Only negative
 I bought this watch for my fiance and he loves it . It is packed with features , the construction is sturdy and durable , and it looks great ! The only complaints would be that the backlight only stays on for about 2 seconds and then goes off . . and there 's no way to change the duration . Also , the digital time is often difficult to read , first of all because it is very small and secondly because the analog hands often block it . Other than that , great watch !
 I bought this watch for my boyfriend for his birthday and he absolutely loves it . It looks great and the best part is that it adds to a dressy outfit , but also looks great paired with everyday clothes ! The only downside is in the beginning he said it felt a little heavy , but hes adjusted to it and is very very happy with it ! This watch is a must have !
 Nice quality , very fine detail , very functional , only gripe ishow short the illumination lasts , even 3 seconds it too shortbut i love the silent lighted alarm .
 Of the dozen or so Casio watches I 've purchased over the years this one 's display is by far the clearest and easiest to read of the bunch , the large main display and the excellent contrast really make a difference . Having the current time displayed in all other modes -LRB- world time , stopwatch , countdown timer , alarm -RRB- is an added bonus . The only drawback is the the LED light housing on the lower right corner , if you 're looking at the display at an angle the LED housing can interfere with reading the seconds display.The reset button for the stopwatch and countdown timer is now the upper left button instead of the upper right like earlier Casios . Setting theworld time can be accomplished while setting the main ` home ' time zone . For instance Arizona is 7 hrs . behind UTC -LRB- Coordinated Universal Time -RRB- , so my watch is set for `` UTC -7.0 '' . It 's not complicated , just a bit different than before.This really is one feature-packed watch , you 'll be pleasantly surprised .
 This watch is really great . My only complaint is that the start/stop button for the stop-watch could be bigger so that it is n't so hard to locate when you are exhusted from running . Also bare in mind , the countdown timer is in intervals of one minute only , so you ca n't set it for 1:45 to pace your laps . It must be either 1 minute or 2 minute ... etc. -LRB- no in between -RRB- . Great looking all purpose watch . The circle lights up with the countdown timer and progress beeper , which is really nice . I 'm pretty sure you can also remove the sound and use the light only if you wanted . This watch has a rugged comfortable band . The watch is not quite as bulky or masculine as the other g-shocks but it is nice and conservative .
 With this watch you ca n't go wrong . First , even though one variation will sync with the Atomic clock for about $ 40-50 $ more , do n't waste your money . This watch stays within just a second or two per month accuracy . In addition to keeping time , the capabiity to select a world zone by a city and then use that dual clock is as simple as it gets.As usual , Casio makes a watch that does not take a genuis to learn to use - even without reading the manual . Determining how to use the Altimeter , Barometer , and electronic compass is virtually self-explanatory . You do need to know that you have to manually synchronize the altimeter in order to ensure your readings are correct during a given time period . The only way to prevent this is to have a watch that could triangulate its altitude from satelites and to my knowledge , that dog has n't been born . However , that being said , the importance lies in the fact that you have a tracking graph that indicates a 24 hour history of changes in both the barometer and altitude . That 's what 's really important so that even if the altitude settings are off , or the barometric pressure setting is temporarily incorrect , you can look at the graph and know the relative change . For instance , if the graph indicates dropping pressure over the past few hours , you can pretty much assume , the weather is probably going to move from good to bad -LRB- low pressure usually indicates a weather front is coming through or rain developing -RRB- . One nice surprise is that when using the watch at night , a simple tilt of the wrist toward your face will cause the back light to temporarily come on . I.e. , you do n't have to push the button . I never saw this function in the ads or in the manual.Finally , it is well built and although reasonably large by watch standards , it is comfortable for a man . I 'm not sure most women would want to wear it though . You ca n't go wrong with this watch . Just make sure it is this model because some of the others close to the same price do not have all of these functions .
 This is the third Pathfinder I have owned - All three have been great watches , with one minor exception and hopefully this watch will change that - This watch is a SOLAR watch which IS NOT supposed to require battery replacement - If that is true , then all should be good - Because , on the replacement of batteries , you ca n't do it yourself - You can try , but very doubtful if you will get the watch to function normally again - One last thing on Pathfinder watches - Take them off when in the shower , the soap buildup from after a few years will jam up the mechanisms for the different functions of the watch -
 Watch FunctionsTime . It 's a watch first and foremost so it has got to keep good time and display it legibly and simply . The PAG80 does just that . The display is large and bright which is easy to read in both the dark , with the aid of the backlight , right through to bright sunlight . I like the seconds display being on a separate line to the hour and minute also.Accuracy . I have owned the watch for just one month and in that time it has gained one second . That 's accurate enough for me.World Time . As a regular traveller the World Time feature is important to me . It is easy to use and convenient . GMT is a nice touch.Date . Dumb , dumb , dumb . The whole world writes the date with the day of the month first followed by the month ... except the Americans . February 1st is written by the people of 250 countries as 1/2 . The Americans write 1st February as 2/1 . This watch follows the American convention and does not provide a method of reversing the characters . Just about everything else on the watch is customisable except this . Surprising , Casio!Alarms . The alarm functions are good . Five alarms plus an hourly beeper which can be turned on or off . There is also a countdown timer and stopwatch . Enabling the alarms is non-intuitive -LRB- to me -RRB- and , like all watch alarms , not loud enough . All work well , though.CompassI have tested the compass against a Suunto and a Silva magnetic compass . The watch compass is remarkably accurate . It is sensitive so gives great results when used outside . When using inside it is easily influenced by magnetic devices . I like everything about the compass including the overlay screen , the direction indicator -LRB- eg ENE -RRB- and the degree readout.BarometerAgain remarkably accurate . I have an expensive German aneroid barometer which took some weeks to calibrate . I believe it to be quite accurate . The PAG80 records a measurement just one hPa different to my aneroid barometer . Here it is important to note that again the barometer in the watch is very sensitive . Do not expect accurate readings indoors , especially if the building is well sealed and air-conditioned . The barometer graph should only be used as a rough indicator of trend . If you are in an artificial environment when the watch records a pressure measurement -LRB- building , car , plane -RRB- then this may cause the graph to show misleading information unless you realise what is going on . You may be in an environment which is outside the range of the graph and this will cause a reading to be missed on the graph . It may look like the watch is faulty but , in reality , it is just being consistent.AltimeterThis is the feature of least accuracy . As stated in plenty of other places the altitude recorded is a function of air pressure . As a general indicator of altitude it is great . If you want really accurate altitude then get a GPS . With practice and an understanding of how air pressure alters with altitude and climatic conditions you can guage how far off the altitude may be . Start by having a look in the manual at the altitude graph.Solar BatteryWhen I received the watch the power indicator was reading high . However the barometric graph was displaying erratically . I thought I may have a defective watch . As I live in a warm , sunny climate I put the watch outside in the sun for two days . Problem solved . Just make sure you give it a good charge when you get it.Since that time I have spent two weeks skiing in the Rockies where it was very cold and the watch was rarely exposed to the sun -LRB- what sun ? -RRB- . All functions operated perfectly throughout the two weeks which would indicate that when fully juiced up there is ample power in the internal solar battery to last for quite some time . This is where the power saver feature comes in to its own . Obviously very efficient.Physical FeaturesWatch Size . It is big . I knew it was a big watch when I bought it so no complaints but it could probably be refined in size without losing any of its functionality.Ruggedness . It has already had a bang or two without any visible sign of damage . The crystal glass seems suitably tough.Resin Band . I opted for the resin band model over the titanium band . If buying again I think I would pay a little extra and get the titanium band.Operating Temperature Range . Surprisingly , within the first month of ownership , I have subjected the watch to the extremes of its operating temperature range . From a low of -36 C -LRB- -34 F -RRB- in Colorado to a high of 42 C -LRB- 107 F -RRB- in Sydney . A temperature differential of 78 C -LRB- 141 F -RRB- . The watch displayed perfectly and seemed to function normally when digital camera screens were failing.ConclusionThe watch actually exceeds the advertised claims . If you like the sound of the advertising blurb then you will probably be satisfied with the watch . Finally , but still importantly , it represents excellent value for money .
 My new watch has just arrived . Earlier than I expected . Thanks for the fast delivery from digitalfotoclub.com . I paid $ 169.90 with free delivery . The watch is a bit difficult to set in the beginning , but once I got use to it by reading the user 's guide and just play with it for a while , it 's quit easy and I just love it . It almost got everything I need . The only disappointment is that the thermometer only reads down to -10 degree Celsius or 14 degree Fahrenheit . -LRB- Which I know before I place the order . I 'll be going to some places where the temperature will be well below that ... -RRB- Compare to other similar watches on the market , the Casio Pathfinder Series are the best , both in qualities and prices . The similar Suunto watches will cost much more than the Casio watches .
 This watch does exactly what I expected . It gives me general compass bearings , tells me the altitude -LRB- roughly -RRB- , and gives me the temperature -LRB- off wrist -RRB- . It even tells me what time it is . The large face is easy to read without bifocals and the light does come on when you turn the watch to your face.The solar idea is nice . I have yet to see the power go below high and I do n't stay out in the sun . Do n't be suprised when you see the face absolutely blank - it 's a power saving feature when no movement is sensed.I gave it four stars because I do n't care for the wrist band . It is too firm and does not feel natural like cloth or leather -LRB- but that 's just my personal preference -RRB- .2 yr update
 This watch is perfect for anyone who likes to be outdoors . For myself being in the Marines and current deployed right now this watch is perfect for what I do . With a built in compass and different time zones it certainly makes my life easier . I recomand this watch to anyone in the Armed Forces or anyone who just like to hick.Casey
 This watch does everything as described well . Just be warned it 's a large watch . Some people prefer that , others do n't .
 I 've had this watch for 3 years now , and it 's never failed me . Not only that , it keeps totally accurate time . I 'm a Sailor , and need my time pieces to be spot on . In the last 3 months it was only 18 seconds off of GMT . Sincerely , Doc
 You have to know a good watch when you see one , and I am sure you 'd agree with me , this is one of them .
 My husband is extremely happy with his watch ! He is a pilot and is very picky about all the features for when he is flying . He keeps raving about everything that this watch does !!
 I have had two Casio Pathfinder watches in the past 10 years . This PAG80-1V is the best yet . I ca n't find the solar cell , so cool ! I miss the day date on the previous watch but I may not have found it in the book .
 bought as a replacement for the spf40 sea pathfinder -LRB- which was damaged when new batts were installed improperly -RRB- . i do n't use the altimiter at all so no news there ... primarily used for sailing/raceing and have been pleased so far .
 Bought it for my dad because he is a big fan of climbing and hiking . It fits his needs as it has requirements as it has compass , thermometer , barometer , temperature , and world time . He likes it a lot , and the price is affordable .
 The watch was as attractive when we got it as it was in the picture . There was a set of good instructions and the watch is working wonderfully .
 Purchased this Casio Men 's Pathfinder watch back in ' 08 . It 's seen some hard action as I 'm a career firefighter , recreational sailor , hiker and general outdoorsman . I 've tested the features like azimuth bearings against the compass and GPS unit on my 30 foot sailboat and the weather data against a good weather info system - the watch performs accurately . There are several stop watch / timer features as well as the ability to set multiple alarms . I use them all but have to keep the manual nearby to refresh myself to some of the processes.There are two drawbacks to this watch . One is for the barometer to be accurate the altimeter has to be reset often . A task I have n't developed a good habit of doing . The second is that it is a big watch . I 'm a big man and even I notice the size of this watch , though not uncomfortably.My only regret regarding this watch is that I did n't pony up and purchase the version with the nautical tide references . Next time -LRB- if this one ever wears out -RRB- ...
 Great features . Main reason to have a watch is to always know what time it is , of course . This watch fulfills that function very well , but the barometer is great , I use that to help me be more aware of what the weather is doing , as it can affect my activities when I am out and about . The altimeter is very useful to me . Here in Colorado your elevation changes constantly as you travel around , even short distances , and I like keeping track of the altitude for many different reasons . The compass will be handy for my treks in the woods , and canyons . I am very happy with this easy to use and tough watch .
 Me encant&oacute; este reloj . en mi trabajo lo uso mucho . es excelente . tiene buen acabado y todas las funciones estan trabajando bien .
 I bought this for my husband as a birthday gift a couple years ago . He loved it but it is a big klunky watch . The solar option is really nice . We have never lost a charge . He loves the bells and whistles . I 'm sure casio makes a lot of nice watches but he was very happy -LRB- still is happy -RRB- with this model . His only complaint is that he wised it were a bit smaller .
 excelente calidad , producto recomendado , recibido a tiempo y sin ningun problema ni contratiempo , ya lo poseo en mis manos en vzla
 I wear this everyday . I use it everyday . This watch has taken some big hits and bounced right back . I love It
 my father likes my casio triple sensor atomic solar watches ' so much that i thought i would surprise him with the pag80-1v pathfinder as his first all inclusive watch for his birthday !! i just know he will love it because of all of the features . this will probably be the first of others that he 'll want ?
 Excellent Watch . The buttons were in different locations from my old Pathfinder -LRB- died after 20 years -RRB- . So I had to read the manual , but is not difficult to adapt.I got this solar watch so I do n't have to worry about changing batteries -LRB- reason my old watch died -RRB- . Now the night light is bright enough , my old watch 's light was not bright enough.I want the compass so I can find my way back to my car in a big mall , an amusement park , or hiking .
 Ordered this watch for biking and hiking and it is a perfect fit for both activities . A bit complicated to use due to the many functions but the guide that comes with the watch is easy to read and use .
 it took a couple days to fully charge but well worth it . It does all is says it can.comfortable fit and outdoors ready .
 I am so excited about this purchase . I just know on Christmas morning my grandson who is an avid hunter is going to be thrilled .
 The Pathfinder solar watch lives up to what i expected it to . The temperature , altimeter , barometer and compass works as advertised . If i ever wanted to know how hot it is , how high up i am , if the weather is gon na change or what direction i 'm going , this is the watch to own .
 I bought the watch thru Amazon and am happy with it , it works as described . The seller was awesome , he or she got it shipped here to Iraq very fast , thanks .
 I bought the watch because I needed a sport type watch that I could wear while doing outdoor activities like hiking , golf , etc. . What attracted me to the watch were the features like the compass , thermometer , altimeter , solar powered , etc. . Not sure I really needed those features on a regular basis , but I like gadgets , so I bought the watch . All of the features work as advertised and from that perspective , I 'm satisfied with the watch . Since it 's only been a little over a month and I do n't wear it every day , I ca n't say how durable it is . The one negative on the watch is it 's size . This thing is diproportionately large on my wrist . If you like big face watches , you 'll like this one . The photo on Amazon shows the watch on a stand alone basis and not on someone 's wrist . Had that been available , I likely would n't have purchased it . In fact , I intended to return it once I saw how big it was , but forgot , so I 'm keeping it . It takes some getting used to size wise , but I do n't wear it every day so it 's not the end of the world .
 All the features are very helpful . read the manual before u operate . Its the basic feature watch in the line of ABC - Triple sensors . An outdoor watch with affordable price tag compared to Suunto watches.If u like Big watches then buy this . its not at all suitable for a kid and people will think that he is using a wall clock . If u are buying a only for the features then better buy a digital compass , baro , alto , thermo and other feature instrument which is much cheaper .
 I 'm a retired military guy , and have always appreciated Casio Watches . They have held up in the field under a variety of weather conditions , recoil and shock waves from weapons and explosions , and getting banged around on gear and vehicles.Pros : Nice looking watchEasy to use -LRB- not as complicated as a Suunto Vector which I also own -RRB- ComfortableTypical Casio qualityCon : Compass is accurate to within + / - 11 degrees which is a pretty significant margin of error if you are navigating overland . I use this feature to give me rough cardinal directions . . North Side of building , South West Corner , etc. . .
 I had an old Casio Pathfinder 15 years ago and I really liked it . This watch have the same functionnality but is smaller , solar powered and lighter , so I 'm now more than liking it :--RRB- I 'm using it to check pressure tendency in airplane to adjust the pressure in my ears before the pain occure . Very good watch .
 This is the second pathfinder I have owned , the first one being the pag40 , and I must say I prefer the pag80 much better . For starters the fact that it 's solar is a major upgrade ! The baro alti compass features are all accurate , but take a second to adjust to changes . These features seem more accurate if you take the watch off and keep it leveled . Especially for an accurate temperature measure , the watch has to be off your hand for about 5 minutes . The auto backlight is a great feature ... also included on the pag40 , but I never used it because of the battery drain . Overall I 'm very pleased with this watch , although I find the price on amazon expensive . I paid $ 80 for mine
 Wow . . I found it by fluke just browsing at Coscto and I just paid it 89.00 bucks . . Im surprised to see it so expensivce here . . Its a great watch . . I dont like the green coloured buttons on the side . . The temp . is if off because it takes a reading off your arm , . . so it is ALWYAS 7 degree warmer . . You have to take it off your wrist and place it down then in about 25 - 30 minutes the temp will readjust to the correct temperature . . Nice watch . . but check elsewhere for prices . . UPDATE : I dropped the watch out of my car . . `` do n't ask . . '' Well it fell onto on coming cars on city road . . and I see a small truck just run over it . . strap went flying / / / / etc. . The watch itself was a total loss . . shattered dome , just gone . . not a G Shock from what I hear / . /
 Watch is big and looks nice on larger wrists . The numbers are big and easy to read , which is nice . The only real problem is that the altimeter works off air pressure , so there is error with some of the readings . The watch can be calibrated very easily , so it is not something to worry about . I have enjoyed using it fot the past four months .
 I bought this watch to use while deployed to Iraq and it has never failed . It does have a problem with taking tempatures quickly ... it does not take them quickly . You have to let the watch get acclimatized to the temp while it is not on you . It does say that in the operators manual too . It takes about 20 minutes but I will say it does accurately go up to 110 degrees in the shade . I love this watch !
 I bought the Casio Sport Pathfinder Triple Sensor Solar Power from Sam 's Club for about $ 162.84 . It has all the features I wanted . The only complaint I have about this particular model is that the light button is hard to press , especially at night when you need it . And when you press a button after you press the light button on the watch , it automatically turns light off . Kinda sucks when you are trying to do multiple functions during limited visibility . All the other features work well including the full auto el . The five alarms is a great bonus !
 I bought the watch when I lived in Texas . I then moved to Seattle where the sun is not as bright and and the days are a little more cloudy than those in Texas . So ... after six months of Seattle clouds , the solar power charged watched started to flash LOW all the time . I even tried leaving outside all day on a sunny day but couldnt charge it to full . So I went back to Texas for a weekend and after one day , it charge the battery and has been full for about four months now.The watch looks great , compass works fairly well although the altimeter is not that precise -LRB- can vary by as much as 500ft -RRB- . All in all , if you have sun it 's a good watch , if you do n't save your money .
 This is the second Pathfinder I have purchased . The first was the Sea Pathfinder and it has worked flawelessly for 4 years . I finally managed to knock off the corner of the case hitting it against a steel rail . Rather than sending it back to get a new case I opted to get the newer version of the Pathfinder with solar power . I did experience some problem in getting the batteries replaced in my original watch while I was travelling in Melbourne , Australia -LRB- Only one jeweler in town had a water pressure tester ... since I use the watch in the ocean a lot , water resistance is a must . -RRB- The new Pathfinder has held it 's charge well -LRB- never fallen below MAX -RRB- and I have worn it with and without a suit jacket . The barometer and the altimeter measure air pressure and are not corrected for sea level . What you see is what you get . Bear in mind that you can correct the barometer to reflect sea level reading however that will distort the altimeter . The important part of the barometer is tencency up or down . Actual meaurements do n't tell a lot ... only movement . Likewise it is important to set a reference altimeter reading when using the watch for hiking purposes . Using a georef map set the reference altitude in the watch at the beginning of the hike and then you will be fine . Remember that changing weather conditions are usually accompanied by changing air pressure so if you are hiking up hill and the pressure is falling due to the weather also you will receive a false high altitude reading . If exact altitude is important buy a GPS receiver and use it in conjunction with a georef map for more exact readings . The compass and all the time functions seem to work as advertised . I wish that the alarm was louder ; but then I 've never found a watch that had a really loud alarm other than a big old windup I purchased in Switerland 30 years ago .
 Watch came about 20days early wasnt expecting it for a while when i got it i automatically started reading the 200 + page booklet it was exactly what i was expecting
 My wife bought this for me for the holidays . This watch does everything it advertises , plus some ! I played around with the watch for good hour or two right out of the box . The instruction manual -LRB- though dauntingly big -RRB- was very easy to read and understand . I was quickly able to setup the watch for time keeping and learn to read the barometer , altimeter , compass , etc. . This watch is a must if you are a backpacker and hiker . I highly recommend this watch if you are shopping for one .
 Just what I wanted & expected from a Casio . Definitely worth the money ! Took only a few minutes to set it up & was ready to wear.Easy directions , thanks@!
 Great watch , clear instructions , good to wear . The warnings about the watch needing exposure to bright light are clear and repeated , so nobody should be surprised if it fades if not exposed regularly . Not sure yet how accurate the altimeter is , but looking forward to using it .
 I have been looking for a quality outdoor watch for a few weeks and came upon the Casio PAG80-1V Pathfinder on Amazon afer looking at some local stores . This watch is exactly as advertised ... compass , barometer , altimeter and timepiece all function great . Could you get a more accurate reading with a GPS unit on the altitude ... yes , but then you ca n't wear it on your wrist . Is your local weatherman going to give you a more accurate barometer reading ... yes , but you ca n't watch him if you 're hiking the trails . Will the compass lead you to buried treasure ... no , but it will give you a good sense of which direction you are travelling and where you are headed . Amazon has the watch listed for a great price ! The watch face is big , but I knew that from the photos so I am okay with the size . The band on the watch is very comfortable and the watch is lightweigh considering the size of the face . I would recommend this watch to the average weekend warrior . I liked it so much that I ordered another one to give as a gift to my Dad on Father 's Day .
 This is a nice watch with a lot of features . However , whoever writes the instructions for its use is not effective in what they are trying to do . It took several hours to figure out how to set up what needed to be established.Once done , the product is very nice .
 I 've had two Casio Pathfinders . The first was a PAG-70 which I picked up from Sam 's Club for $ 109 . xx . I had it for about 1.5 years before it found it 's way onto the wrist of my 15 year old Life Scout pursuing his Eagle Rank and serving as a summer Camp Councilor this summer . So , off to Sam 's I went and found the PAG-80 for $ 109 . xx ! I was thrilled . This -LRB- and the last -RRB- watch are supper easy to use , and given that I 'm a `` reads the manual '' type of guy , learning how to set reference altitudes , etc. is important for hikes , etc. . Most important though is the small bump on the end of the rubber wrist strap that keeps it locked within the strap catch ... the PAG-70 did n't have this feature -LRB- and it was most irritating . So , this is one great watch you ca n't do without .
 I wanted a watch with a barometer to use when fishing and ended up purchasing this watch because my brother has the previous model and it has served him faithfully for many years , despite taking a lot of abuse . These watches are durable to say the least . A few minutes in the sun seems enough to keep it fully charged and performing smoothly . Its also very light-weight given its overall size and not bad to look at . All functions seem to be accurate as well . I would buy one again .
 This is the second one of these watches that I have purchased . My first was battery powered . The only gripe that I have is when I tried to replace the batteries after 5 + years , I accidentally damaged the barometer sensor which took out the barometer and the altimeter . I bought the second one for my son 's high school graduation gift and I made sure it was solar powered . I still use my first one daily .
 well what can i say , after reading a few doom and gloom reviews i still went with the watch.the size was perfect , battery life has been on full charge since day one . compass and barometer are working correctly.this was a toss up between the suunto and the casio of which i had owned the SPF70 before and im really glad i went with casio.the service from Amazon was excellent.thanks guys.p.si will be buying from Amazon again .
 I have a number of Pathfinder/Protrek watches from Casio . The PAG 80 is an `` ABC '' -LRB- altitude/barometer/compass -RRB- watch with a solar battery . Each `` ABC '' Casio has similar and different characteristics . The solar battery is usually a plus . The readout on this model is very good . It is one of Casio 's largest Pathfinder models-this might be of concern -- depending upon the size of your wrist . Once the barometer/thermometer/altimeter are calibrated they give a acceptable degree of accuracy . Casio does not claim that these are `` highly precise '' instruments . The compass can also be calibrated for magnetic declination.I really like the size of the digits in the display . They are very easy to read `` at a glance '' . This is a great watch for the out-of-doors or for every day usage as well .
 I bought this as a gift for my friend who wanted a watch . I spent about $ 150 , thinking I was giving a `` nice '' gift . Now I 'm no watch expert , but I get the drift a $ 20 watch may be just as good . We live in Colorado where elevations are posted everywhere , and the watch is alwayws at least 500 ' off . I do n't know , maybe we just never put enough effort into figuring out the features . As far as the time , looks and being waterproof , great . As far as all the other stuff , not impressed . Again , I am not a `` watch person '' though , so maybe I just do n't get it .
 I backpack in the east where you can not always see the sun or surrounding terrain from either tree cover or clouds/rain . I 've found the functions on this watch to be helpful when backpacking.Navigation
 Love my Casio . It was shipped faster than what I thought !!! Works good and peoplehave been asking were I bought it !!!
 Big face , easy to read . Lightweight and comfortable to wear . Very easy to navigate through time , alarm , stopwatch , compass , barometer , and altimeter . Great Watch !
 I have had nothing but Casio watches over the last 20 years and they always worked no matter what . I wore them out . This one is no different . The Solar charging , compass barometer , and altimeter reliable . It is n't meant for precise measurements but will keep you well informed when you need it and for the price it ca n't be beat .
 I bought this as a gift and it works great . No complaints . Only thing is that it came backward in the box so you could tell someone had opened it and it was supposed to be new .
 i 'm still reading parts of the manual , ha ha , love the watch though , even if i 'm still learning of all the cool things it will do , i 'm very happy with it , excellent service and delivery , i 'm looking forward to doing more shopping on amazon , thanks
 I have looked around quite some time for a good multi sensor watch , and when this watch popped up in a special for $ 99 I could not resist . Fantastic watch , sensors work well , nice auto light feature etc. highly recommended .
 I bought this for my techno 11 year old . He loves it . Easy for him to understand/operate and substantial so it 'll hold up . Seems very accurate compared to his fathers technichal climbing gear . Great value . No problems and it 's been heavily worn .
 Great watch for not too much cost . Does most everything I want it to do and is easy to operate .
 I have been wanting a Casio Pathfinder Watch for a long time . The prices have come down and the features and different watches available have increased . Let us hope the quality has not . I work and play outdoors a lot and need the features it offers . I can get a quick reference direction , Altimeter height etc quickly . This or no other watch that I am aware of that will replace your compass , GPS , real altimeters , precise thermometer , barometer etc , but augments other instruments and gives a good `` quick reference '' Buttons are easy to use.I have used similar products with varying degrees of satisfaction in the past . Some cheap ones only offered Compass and were broken in 6 months , some of the more expensive ones -LRB- Scandinavian made -RRB- were fine , but required new batteries about once per year , that are supposed to be owner changeable , but I had to send back to the manufacturer for changing after tearing the back up trying to get it off . This one has a solar battery and is not supposed to need replacement -LRB- A + + -RRB- . The only reason that I gave a 4 star rating instead of 5 is I 'll have to wait and see if it holds up -LRB- to me and the elements , battery etc -RRB- and how cold weather will effect it 's use . -LRB- I live in Alaska -RRB- . The `` Extreme Cold '' feature of 14 degrees F is not realistic , even in other climate IMHO . I really love the watch so far . Cheaper at Amazon by at least $ 30 than the big box stores.UPDATE * I have used this watch for about 3 years now . I have not noticed the cold affecting it too much . The short Alaska days and limited sunlight caused a `` low Battery '' warning . I have learned to leave the watch in the window sill on a sunny day every once in awhile to prevent that .
 Received excellent service from my first Pathfinder -LRB- currently undergoing open watch surgery -RRB- . Have n't been below 160 ` FSW with this one , but assume it will perform like my older model . This model is a bit more stylish and has the solar power option . Looking forward to years of fun -LRB- like announcing the altitudes of different locations while climbing around Machu Pichu -RRB- with this one .
 Really a GREAT watch . Does everything as promised . My other watches are lonely ... Thanks Casio and thanks Amazon
 I have been using this product for the last few weeks . I am very satified with this product . Instructions were easy to follow . All features of this watch work well . The watch is large that I expected , however the window display is easy to see and set . I purchased this product because of the compass feature . The feature works well and fairly accurate in identifing direction .
 Replaced a Suunto , great watch , very happy , good price , was worried about size -LRB- being too big -RRB- but fits great . I sail for a living so it 's essential I have these functions .
 this altimeter watch is the fourth i have tried -LRB- thanks to generous return policies -RRB- . it is the first that combines what i think important , namely
 My husband wanted this watch for Christmas . He loves it ! I purchased the watch through Amazon . Price and shipping were great . Thanks .
 I love the Casio Sea pathfinder for it 's functiionality.PRO 'S
 Finally , I found a birthday present that my husband is so appreciative that he wears it every day . Came in handy in the Caribbean where tides are based on the moon . Highly recommend this watch and it looks great on !!
 Hello , I have owned this watch for a few weeks now , so I feel I can review it.The good : Rugged , Great features , Easy to read in day and nightThe bad : Stopwatch and timer functions are integrated - you ca n't have both a timer running and a stopwatch running at the same time . The stopwatch only does seconds . The light does not stay on very long.Overall I am very happy with this watch I would recommend it .
 1 -RRB- recived order within 24 hours - very impressive2 -RRB- watch # 1 given to my son-in-law - working well3 -RRB- watch # 2 not used as yet but expect same performance.Will submitt claim if watch # 2 does not perfom
 some of the reviews was complaining about the size of the this watch , my hands are small and this watch fits me well.i think it is exellent watch.the two missing things in this watch are the water dipth meter and diving log .
 i got this watch as a birthday present from my wife and what a gift it was . this watch is almost perfect . The digital compass , the barometer , tidal chart , and moon age functions work great . the only part that is questionable is the thermometer . while wearing the watch you wont get an accurate reading you have to have it off of you body for around 15 mins . but other than that its great . the size is awesome but i like large watches so some people might not like that part . if you are an outdoorsman get this watch . 5 stars !
 I have been reading reviews on this watch for some time before I finally got it from Amazon this Xmas ; - -RRB- Size - big watch but not as big as some reviewers mentioned , I have seen bigger watches.Thermometer - in my case the temperature is definitely influenced by body heat what makes temperature readings while on wrist unusable . I have been using other old model of Casio with thermometer and it was not as bad as with this one . When removed from the wrist and left for 15 minutes the readings were pretty accurate . Bad thing is that there are absolutely no other temperature readings that the current one :--LRB- No history of previous temperature readings.Barometer - very very accurate . I only used it for several days indoor only and I have been verifying the readings with accuweather service and it was always exactly the same . It is worth to mention that it keeps the track of 26 hours back.Compass - hard to tell but seems to be right.Solar power - there is no solar power as some previous reviewer has mentioned.Moon / Tide data - easy to read , easy to set up , downside is that the fluctuation of accuracy is + / - 2 days as to moon position.Countdown timer - offers many different options , I would even say way too many if you are not involved in yacht racing.There is only one time zone in this watch.Anyway the color of the watch itself is slightly darker than presented on the pictures on Amazon , looks rather black than dark blue . Also the bezel on the face of the watch in reality is more shiny.I am pretty happy owner of the SPF-40 ; - -RRB-
 buying form amazon is very good and apprciated way of electronic trading but i was trying to buy laptop from amazon and ship it to saudi arabia , but i got electronic message telling me sorry we can not send to saudi arbia ; moreover , we are having three option for shipment to saudi arabia either by saudi postal or DHL or USPS , so please advicethanks so much
 If you sail small boats or big boats this watch is really cool . I have really enjoyed using this watch . It has some features that I will not use often , but if you race competitively then they will come in handy . The only problem that I have found with the watch is the stop watch only has second resolution . This is usually fine for most applications , but some times when you are not on the water and you want to to time your 100m sprint time this is a little less resolution than wanted by some . This watch is a fun tool , and sometimes I am not sure that the thermometer is right on the money , but it is close and there might be some influence from body heat or something . The barometer is handy in all sorts of situations other than regular weather prediction , like when you are taking a flight and want to know what the pressure is inside the plan , one button and you are there.I have enjoyed this watch very much and would recommend it to anyone who wants a watch that has a compass , barometer , thermometer , timer/stopwatch , moon chart , and tide graph .
 A great big , chunky , manly man watch . Just what my husband wanted . And the numbers are big enough so he can see them easily . I love that it tells the temperature and has a compass , but on different screens so I do n't have to distinguish between a half-dozen little dials on the face .
 I have had the same watch for over 5 years now , when my old one broke I bought a new one , and it is everything I want in a watch . I do wish the temperature would work accurately but I guess I ca n't have everything . Very good Price and very good seller
 This is a nice watch , it certainly meets all the functions that I needed espcially if you are sailing but before I bought it , it was labelled as women 's model which was NOT ! it is far too big for a womens 's wrist it fits but looks funny . . as I had seen the watch on a mens wrist I thought it would be smaller with same functions unfortunately not so I can only wear it when I 'm on the sea but not daily wear . .
 Very nice and large face . Setting the features was not as easy as the instructions indicated , but you can figure it out . The alarms are a bit of a challenge , but you get used to it .
 I ordered this watch for my husband 's birthday and I was pleased to say that it turned up well in advance of the date I needed it by and in good condition . My husband thinks it is a very good watch and wears it all the time .
 This is an excellent watch for outdoorsy types , especially for those who sail , kayak or surf . With a compass , barometer , thermometer , and tide/moon tracking , it provides essential -LRB- potentially life-saving -RRB- information in an easy to use package.The compass is seems accurate and is easy to calibrate . It is ideally suited for emergency navigation and for casual use such as trail hiking and river boating . I 'm not sure I 'd want to use it as my only compass for serious hiking or over the horizon boating , but perhaps that 's just my distrust of electronics in mission critical environments.The barometer is a little more hit-or-miss . It 's accuracy is questionable given its fluctuation with altitude or temperature . This is not a Casio problem - it happens with all barometers especially wrist-mounted . Despite these issues the barometrer does a fair job of tracking the trend over the last 24 hours . Serious moutaineers may miss the multi-day tracking and using the barometer as altimeter , but most will appreciate it for the simple data it provides . I wish there were more display options , like a large multiday graph option for instance , but the small graph is fine.Temp fluctuates when this is worn on the wrist , but not too much - perhaps a couple of degrees hotter than true outside temperature . It may be less accurate in cold temperatures than hot , but I 'll have to wait a few months to test that theory.The tide and moon features are what make this watch unique among triple-sensor watches , so I imagine that will be a key selling point for most . Both work well enough , though they will not replace a tide chart . The tide graph shows the general point in the cycle , but not with great accuracy . It 's really only possible to estimate high tide with an hour or two . It would be nice of the actual hightide time were displayed or at least the graph had greater specificity . The moon tracking is a nice touch , since it allows one to estimate the size of the tides -LRB- spring and neap -RRB- . But it 's only an estimate - the watch does not tie moon and tide data together , leaving it to the user to figure it out . Some other tide watches actually have charts built-in that provide much more accurate data for particlar beaches , but are limited to limited spots . Since the Casio use longitude and other data to estimate the tide , it is less accurate for specific spots but more usefull overall . The ability to forcast the moon phase days in the future , but not to do the same for tide , leaves me wondering what they were thinking.Other features of the watch include a countdown timer , stopwatch , and five alarms , which are all just fine . The five alarms can not be set by day , but I suppose if you want to set a time for each day and just activate it as necessary that does the job . If you use the stopwatch and coundown timers frequently you may find switching between the two annoying , since they use the same function -LRB- you just set the the countdown timer to zero to put it in stopwatch mode -RRB- . Also there are no lap-timers . Downsides to the watch basically boil down to compleixity and size . While the watch is pretty easy to use once you get the hang of it , it is not entirely intuitive an all screens , and requires some memorization . Setting the tide data requires far too much research on the internet , and casio should provide better data either in the manual or on their website about how to set the data for most large coastal cities and popular recreation areas . The size of the watch is HUGE . It is larger even than the Suunto watches with similar features . The biggest annoyance I have with the size is the height , which is made unnecisarily taller by the rotating bezel . But for some the size wo n't matter -LRB- some may like it -RRB- so it is really a matter of taste.Overall the eatch offers a great set of tools for most casual uses and does it at a very reasonable price . I recommend it to casual adventurers unconcerned about the size .
 I am really happy with my new watch . I go to the beach often and always forget my tide charts , so that function as been very useful . The barometer is a great way to predict short term weather patterns and the digital compass is accurate , easy to use and very handy when directions need clarifying.The only draw backs to it are the size of the thing , it is very large compard to any other watch I have ever owned , the barometer button gets pushed accidently if you flex your hand to far and the stop watch rounds to the nearest second , no fractions here.I am very happy with mine however , it does everything that my three old watches did and more in one mannly looking wrist piece .
 I 've had this watch since last December !! It 's the best watch I 've ever owned . Love the solar powered aspect -LRB- will charge on cloudy days too -RRB- . It 's a very large watch , so if you do n't like that , then do n't get this . However , it looks cool and the compass and barometer features I use the most ... have n't used the altimeter -LRB- I do n't skydive -RRB- but the next time I fly I will check it out . BUY THIS WATCH !!
 I was looking for a replacement to an existing timepiece with compass , the Timex Helix watch . The Timex just was not accurate enough for me , and required frequent recalibration . The Casio Pathfinder , by comparison , is very consistent with its readings , though still not as accurate as a hand-held oil filled compass . Yet for navigation about strange lands , or seas , it does the job . I also like the 24-hour history barometer , which shows atmospheric pressure trends . There 's a thermometer on the same screen , which is only accurate when taken off the wrist and left to equilibrate with ambient air awhile . There are five presettable alarm times , something my old Casio G-shock watch had just one of . I find I use at most two . I would have preferred the Pathfinder including a dedicated stopwatch screen in place of several of the alarms . Instead , the Pathfinder uses an either/or screen for stopwatch or countdown timer . One must bring the countdown timer preset time to zero , and then the stopwatch mode will engage . And unlike the Casio G-shock model , the Pathfinder stopwatch displays whole seconds only , not hundreths like the G-shock . For the feebleness of the stopwatch feature I gave just four stars instead of five ; but hey , the Pathfinder was not targeted to runners ; it 's a yachtsman 's watch .
 I have read everyones review regarding this watch . Yes this watch is big which is fine because I am a big guy . I would n't recommend this watch for the ladies because it is so large . I really do like the look of this watch . The face is big as well as the numbers so it is very easy to read . I have looked at and reviewed just about every tide watch none to man kind before I purchased this one . Lets talk about the tide mode . Most tide watches allow you to put in a city code choice into the watch . Well would if the city code that is in the watch does not match to where you live ? Would if it is n't even close to where you live ? Well what good is a tide watch if it does n't give you a tide reading in your area ! This is what I really love about this watch . It uses longitude and Lunitidal interval readings to give you a tide reading no matter where your at . The Lunitidal Interval is where the moon is set between Moonrise and Moonset . Once you figure that time out then you figure out that time and the next high tide and program those numbers into the watch . It is not an exact accurate reading but , you can program this watch to come very close to an accurate tide reading in your area . Depending on where you live there can be two high tides taking place in one day . This watch is not set up to tell you this . On the other hand there is no other tide watch that will do this either . This watch will by far give you a more accurate reading than any other Tide Watch on the market . How nice it is to look down at your watch and be able to tell what the tide is and wether the moon is full or not . The other thing I liked about Casio is that they help you program this watch by giving instructions on the internet . How do you know if your going to like the watch if you do n't know how it works ? I was able to pull up the instructions of this watch on Casio Pathfinder watch manuels in the internet before I even purchased the watch . Which explained everything to me about this watch and how to program it . The Barometer graph is small but very helpful . This watch will tell you the temperature but you really have to read the instructions carefully to program this watch accurately . I like the fact that this watch is light . The watch ligths up really well when it is dark . The illuminesence is so bright that you can even see it in the sun light . I would recommend this watch to anyone who likes to fish , scuba dive , or any kind of boating or Sailing that you may do . If you like being on the water this is the watch for you . I scuba dive but I would not recommend you use this for scubadiving . 1 . because it does n't give you a depth measurement underwater . 2 . if you push the buttons while you are underwater it might leak . This watch has been rated to go 100 meters which is 330 feet . I use a wrist computer made for scubadiving . I have had Casio watches in the past that I did use for scubdiving and they never leaked so I leave this decision upto to you . I have had a lot of Casio watches in the past and they are tough as nails . So plan on having this watch for a while . I hope this review has helped you in making your decision .
 Excellent watch -- except for the size and setting the Luni-Tidal Interval . The instructions in the manual are not at all intuitive and I spent a couple of hours two days in a row talking to Casio Customer Service to help set the watch up for local tides . No one in the tech shop seemed to know which variables to plug in the formula listed in the owner 's manual . I finally figured out a better , simpler way of calculating the LT Interval on my own . The tides are accurate but not precise , due to the 6-hour time increments on the tide graph . It it still excellent as a handy general tide reference . There is also no capability of predicting tide more than about 6 or 12 hours ahead of time.The temperature function is only accurate when the watch is removed from the wrist.The barometer is a cool function and it graphs over a 24 hour period to show trends.I 've not yet had to replace any of the four batteries , but I imagine this will be a royal pain when the time comes.All in all it is a great package of information available on your wrist . The watch is durable and functional .
 this is really a great watch . works just as promised . i have no complaints . the only thing is its really BIG . if you dont have big wrists or forearms it may look alittle stupid on you .
 I needed a timepiece that was rugged , solar , and had the functions I needed when out on the water . This unit seems to fit the bill . I particularly like the 5 alarms , hourly chime , and auto-backlight feature that can be set to turn on by simply lifting your arm to view the watch . The compass , temp , tide and baro features also provide a nice backup if my on-board navigation equipment fails .
 I gave this as a gift to my husband , who loved it because it was featured on House , his favorite show . He says it 's got great function and is comfortable , too .
 I really like this watch for the tidal feature , among all the other features.I Sold my Casio PAG40 which did not have tides , and that was a fantastic watch , It had a altimeter instead . The tides will be accurate if you program it correctly . I am amazed by reading other reviews that people have such a problem with this feature in setting it correctly , if the lunitidal setting is not in the directions they blame Casio not their own ignorance . It is so simple it is the time of the lunar meridian passing -LSB- the highest point in the sky of the moon -RSB- to the next high tide in the locale you are . That time difference is the lunitidal interval DUH ! . You can find this information on most weather and tide sites , try NOAA it will take a little poking around for the Lunar meridian passing time , but you will be rewarded with a highly accurate tide prediction on your watch . Now Casio made this watch for mariners that should not be perplexed by some thing as simple as calculating their local lunitidal interval . So all around for anyone that interacts with the sea this is the watch to have . Also no matter where on the planet you are there are only two tides in 24 hours always advancing because of the moon and the rotation of the earth . In certain areas the lunar tidal influence is disturbed and altered by coastal and oceanic subsurface topography , which can result in tides are not in the normal sequence . No watch can take into account these differences , the SPF40 bases it predictions on the gravitational tidal forces only .
 I have owned several of these watches over the years . I love all of the features . My favorite is the Barometer . Very helpful while out fishing.The only draw back is that the temperature is not acurate while the watch is being worn.Had a problem with one in the first year . I sent the watch for warranty repair.At first Casio wanted me to pay to have the watch repaired.I called back three times and finally asked them to reinspect the watch . Once they did they called and agreed to repair the watch under the warranty .
 Im a 10 year , retired , US NAVY Quartermaster -LRB- ship 's navigator -RRB- and I used this same model watch for more than 4 years at sea during the Iraqi War -- I love this freakn ' watch ! Sea , salt , sun nor sand could stop it . It 's tough and never failed to keep up with any demand at sea . In all that time , I only ever changed the batts . once.As long as you know how to input the right data into it , it 'll do .
 This was purchased as a replacement for the same watch I purchased 7 years ago . It is perfect for the use - for a sailing watch where you can see the tide at a glance and also the countdown timer which repeats . Although large it is very light in weight . and it is quite rugged but after 7 years of mistreatment the buttons were broken and although it still did not leak , it was time for replacement .
 This watch is lighter than my last one but still looks good . In less than one hour I was able to master all of the functions and trust me there are several . The setting of GMT and location was easy and straight forward but you need to look these up for your location unless you live in Sydney , LA or Miami etc. . Easy enough . The watch looks great , feels lighter than I expected and every function checks out . I spend an enormous amount of time in and around the water . I use more than one of these functions each day . I recommend the watch to anyone who wants all of the tools you need to sail , surf and count down your race time in one place . Backlight is easy and everything works great . The little manual is well written .
 I got this watch specifically for the tide function so I was slightly disappointed with the accuracy of that function . Everything else about the watch is great.Pros : Large Size - for some reason I like the large size makes me feel like I have a piece of scientific equipment on my wristBarometer - works well and checks out accurately with other sourcesCompass - Very cool option that works wellLunar Cycles - Do n't use it so much , but its accurate to within a dayTimers - A few good options for setting for different purposesThermometer - Works well when the watch is off your wristWaterproof - Why yes it isCons : Tide Chart - Its not very accurate . It gives me a good idea around where the tides are , but I use it for surf fishing and need -LRB- prefer -RRB- much more accuracy . I would suggest a watch with a programmable tide chart if you want a watch for this reason.I would buy this watch knowing everything I know about it now . All the bells and whistles make up for the lack of accuracy on the tide graph . I may get a cheapo watch for surf fishing with a programmable tide option .
 I bought this watch for yacht racing and kayaking . The most important features for me are the timer and the tide chart . Compass is very handy as a backup device.Downsides : a . The tide indicator is mighty approximate . It would be very nice if you could manually enter the time of high tide for one or more favorite harbors and then have the watch compute the tides from then on and display the high and low tides digitally . Currently , the best you can do is `` about an hour from high tide '' or `` the tide should be going out '' . b . The button for reading the barometer is situated so that it can be pressed accidentally by flexing the wrist . 50 % of the time when I glance at the watch , I get a barometric pressure instead of the time . Not convenient when counting down the seconds before a start . This issue could easily be solved by making the barometer a `` press twice within one second '' switch.c . Given that they 've got a barometer in the watch , would it have hurt to make it an altimeter as well ? Some of us sailors go on the occasional hike or skiing expedition too.The watch is big and I occasionally get the `` that 's the largest watch I 've ever seen '' comment , but so what ? Lots of info is immediately available and it 's in sufficiently large type that I do n't have to squint .
 Great watch , I use it for surfing and wear it just about every day . The tide function is really accurate and the large read out is great for use in the water . At times its almost too large to use as an every day watch but until the novelty wears off - the barometer and compass also seem to work well .
 Attention all HandsThis watch is an excellent choice for any cruiser , sailboat racer or boat owner . This is like having the electronics at your helm on our wrist.The tide application is easily set with directions from the internet . The tidal chart function is uncomplicated and simple to understand . The barometer provides a guide to the pending weather in providing a chart for falling , rising or steady barometric pressure for the local area . The digital compass is better than I expected in that it provides actual compass degrees and headings . Countdown timer is excellent.I have had several other tide and sailing watches and this is the best yet . The watch has enough applications and features to make any boat geek happy . I recommended the watch to my local marine store that they should stock this model .
 Nice Watch . I just returned the regular pathfinder for this one . The regular one has the nylon band backed with some kind of leather or pleathor that will end up looking like three kinds of hell in a couple of months or if you get it wet or happen to sweat like a pig a few times . This band is rubber and looks cool . I collect diver watches of various kinds that span cost from this to the rediculous and this is a good quality watch . The size is not bad . I have very small wrists and it still looks good on me . While the face goes from one side of my wrist to the other it does not look like a giant hubcap like some watches do . It looks cool and does a bunch of crap I will never figure out . I just like the compass and hey it even tells time .
 Casio 's reputation is known , one can not fail in purchasing one of their products . The Sea Pathfinder Tide Watch is one of those good products . Yet , I believe it could have been better in the sense that although it provides chronometer and all for the purpose of timing races , it does not offer a stop watch for the use in taking one 's position with the help of a navigational instrument such as a sextant . And although its compass can be useful and accurate , it does not provide a memory to keep multiple bearings at single one time , again a helpful program for navigational purposes . So , although I am satisfied with the product , I am still left on my expectations . Perhaps a word or two to Casio might bring some improvements . . As for Amazon , well , it is always very good in providing the goods it sells . No complain there .
 Finally received my watch . At first it was not delivered and Amazon kindly offered to send a replacement . Thankfully my freight forward finally managed to locate it , about a month later.I got this watch to accompany me for my kayaking and fishing.Anyhow , the watch works as advertised . The watch is actually lighter that it looks , though it does look rather chunky on my wrist . Chunky is good ! It arrived in a `` Auto Display '' mode , so that means it 'll be switching screens around and you wo n't be able to do anything else until you turn it off . Look out for a little blue instruction sheet tucked inside the manual to deactivate the auto display . Getting up and started is relatively easy , just follow the booklet and all will be over in about 10 minutes or so.As another user has commented , its a little off from the tide readings , about an hour or so be generally still gives you a good tidal indication . Barometer and temperature works best if its not on your hand for awhile and allowing it to cool to the ambient temperature . The barometer was spot on when I got it , it rained not long after it detected a drop in barometric pressure.Overall , would recommend for this watch for the price range that it is in . Its functions and its data gives you a good indication of weather and tide . So have fun with it , I 'm off kayaking with my new toy . !
 I surf and fish . This watch became really handy for me becasue it indicates all the information I need when I surf or fish .
 I purchased this watch for myself a few weeks before Christmas . I received it and started using it right away . After reading the extensive instruction book , I placed the watch next to my desk clock that also receives the time signal . I am 900 + miles from Ft. Collins and get the signal very easily . Syncs perfectly , but not always when I am on the road and do not put it next to a window . I am changing times zones often and like the way it adjusts to the new one . After a day or two in the sun , it went to `` full charge 12-o'clock '' position with the small hand . Only drawback is that it is a little heavy , or at least more than my Citizen Eco that I still wear . I would recommend this to anyone .
 I own this watch and it is a beauty . Top notch quality of construction , flawless fit and finish , made in Japan . Looks much more expensive than it is , and does more than most more expensive watches from the big names . Sapphire crystal which resists scratching . LEDs lights are awesome -LRB- the LED 's are at the 3 and 9 positions -RRB- . Color of bezel and design of face is beautiful - classy and sophisticated . LCD display is small and a little hard to read if your eyesight is not the best . Has an amazing array of features . I live in the Tampa Bay , Florida area and do n't even have to place the watch next to a window for the reception of WWVB -LRB- the atomic time radio transmitter located in Fort Collins , Colorado -RRB- to occur nightly . Took care of DST change by itself . Sets date and day by itself also . Just make sure the 12 is pointing towards Colorado , which helps reception . Solar charge lasts a LONG time . You do n't have to worry about placing it under sunlight or lights all the time -LRB- except brand new out of the box it may have a low charge from sitting in an enclosed box for months on end -RRB- - it picks up enough light just in normal use . Just treat it like a regular watch and do n't worry about the solar power . I like this watch so much I am going to buy another Oceanus or two to add to my collection . Comes in nice metal presentation box . Manual has very small and hard to read type , but can be downloaded in pdf format from Casio 's or Oceanus ' website , which is much easier to read . Bravo Casio/Oceanus !
 My attraction to gadgets has it 's roots in my unwavering love for watches , especially high tech watches . As both a previous owner of Casio G-Shock solar powered time pieces and Suunto brand wrist top computer watches , I have often wished for a watch that could combine both the solar power and atomic time keeping features with those of an altimeter , barometer , compass , and thermometer . This is that watch.The watch appears to be well designed and is very light weight . I do n't have any problems with the resin band as it seems plenty sturdy and is quite comfortable to wear . The watch face is larger than most watches , but it 's not too big . Some of the Suunto watches are much larger , and thus look much more awkward . The display and readout of the LCD display is sharp and good and easy to read . One of the biggest complaints I 've had with the Suunto watches is that the displays are not easy to read unless you are in bright sunlight . This Casio watch is easy to read , even indoors . Also , the setup and functionality of the instruments on this watch were very easy with everything working right out of the box - there was no set up at all other than adjusting the units to imperial instead of the default setting of metric . Comparing to the Suunto , the watch gives the same readings as the Suunto so it seems to be spot on with reliability and accuracy.Overall , this is really the ultimate watch . All of the features just about anybody could want on a watch -LRB- except no heart monitor -RRB- but everything there for the outdoorsman , athelete , or just the plain uber-geek techno junkie like me . A big selling point is that the watch does feature world times with 26 time zones which is very useful for a business traveler . The Suunto watches do not have this feature and require you to manually reset your watch if you travel into a different time zone . The watch will never require a battery , stays perfectly in sync with the atomic clock in Boulder , CO each day , is easy to read and set up , is tough durable and styled such that it does n't look like you 're wearing a kitchen timer on your wrist . It would be nice to see the day of the week along with the date in the same view , but it 's only one button push away . That would really be the only thing I wish was different on the watch , but not enough to detract it from the 5 stars this watch obviously deserves . And finally , it should be noted that this watch is a couple of hundred dollars cheaper -LRB- depending on which model you compare to -RRB- than the equivalent Suunto model . I ca n't see any reason to spend more for the Suunto instead of going with this one . You really do get more for less .
 I love the feature set of this watch , and all the features work as advertised . I 'm getting good signal on the atomic/radio update , the solar panel charges the battery , the compass and barometer works great . The watch is very solid , build quality appears to be excellent.There are only a couple of caveats that prevent this from getting a full 5 star rating . First , the watch is HUGE . You do n't really get a good impression of the size from the pictures , but it is REALLY big . It 's very light though , so weight is not a problem.Second , the color of the arm band ... it 's army green , something that 's not very clear from the pictures . I would have preferred a black band , but this is not that big a deal.Last , and this is very minor . . with such a large display I do n't understand why Casio decided not to display both the weekday name and the date at the same time . It either shows the day name -LRB- as FRI -RRB- or the date , and you have to press the big ADJ button to toggle between the two . Much smaller watches than this finds room for both.Overall , this is a cool watch that will satisfy geeks and gadget freaks as well as outdoorsy types .
 This watch is great . It has all the things you need and some you probably do n't to boot . What 's more , it 's solar so feel free to use the auto illumination and check the compass , barometer , altitude , temp. , every five minutes since it will not run down the battery . Now , if they will only make this watch but also have a dive computer ... of course it will then be as big as a quarterback 's play sleeve.I have always loved Casios and G-Shocks especially . I have owned two G-Shocks but as my last one is falling apart what else could I get but this Pathfinder ? This thing is huge ! It seems to be all face across the top of my wrist ; my old G-Shock 's body will fit in the face alone of this thing . It measures from edge to edge just under 2 '' , the face is 11/2 '' . The display is , of course , large and easily read , but because of the size there also seems to be a lot of empty space most of the time . As you use different functions these spaces fill up with digits , letters , symbols , etc. but when you are looking at time for most of the day , the left third of the face is just blank gray . This is my only complaint about the display but you can solve this by using the 24 hour format display . The numbers on a G-Shock are only 2/3 the size of these on the Pathfinder.The instruments are easy to use and fairly accurate . The temperature can be thrown off from your body heat so if you are outside and really need to know the temp. , take the watch off or look on a thermometer and see what the difference is so you can do some subtraction . Barometer , seems accurate since a storm has been approaching and I can see the fluctuation as it nears . Compass works great and also self-updates as you turn around in circles thinking how neat it si that they put a cool needle movement effect on it . Altimeter , the watch reads that it 's the same where I am at as the USGS website says . All settings can be changed between standard and metric and the barometer does millibars and hectopascals . Time can be either 12 or 24 hour formats and has easy three letter abbreviations , for either a major city or the actual time zone 's name as in the case for those over oceans , for all the world 's time zones.When I received it the battery was fully charged even though it has been in a box somewhere for who knows how long . The power display is easy to read ; it 's divided up into `` L '' , `` M '' , and `` H '' . You have full function when it is in `` H '' but as you start going down on power -LRB- which has yet to happen to me -RRB- it begins to lose some functions that drain it more in order to conserve power . Finally , when it is in `` L '' you only get time and then it starts blinking for a while to tell you to get it into light . If you do not then it shuts itself off when it goes completely dead . Ambient light seems to work just as well as direct sunlight at keeping it chargedThe auto set feature is great . I admit it is complicated to do and you will probably never remember how to do it without referencing the 100 + page instruction booklet . No worries , the first time you calibrate the watch to the atomic clock , simply set it for auto and it will take 6 readings per day at pre-set times so you will not have to go through the ritual again . They say you need to set the watch by a window to get it , but there is a signal meter for the atomic clock 's strength and sitting on my wrist in the middle of my house it is full . Think cell phones , the more bars the less you have to get nearer a window or to a high point . The only complaint about this feature I have is that I had to roll back the hour after the auto calibration for daylight savings time and one of the reasons I did not give this thing 5 stars . Of course in the subsequent auto calibrations it has stayed correct -LRB- i.e. not adding that extra hour I had to subtract -RRB- . The only other complaints I have about this watch in particular is the band . It is attractive and comfortable but not long enough . The end is constantly coming out of the retaining slip . If you have a small enough wrist then I guess it is not a problem but for me the strap end is constantly sticking out . Also , the wrist is too narrow for a watch this big . You really can not tell from the photos but the strap is not beefed-up and widened to be proportionate to this big of a watch . It is only 3/4 '' wide . It should be at least 1 '' wide . My G-Shocks never lost their bands so I am sure this one will hold up fine it is only aesthetics I am complaining about.My only other complaint about the Pathfinder , as a series and not this watch in particular , is why no titanium -LRB- Ti -RRB- watch ? You have one that has a Ti band but not backing or body . If you are going to make a watch out of titanium then make the whole watch out of it . I would have gladly paid more for that but I can not see paying extra for just the band over a resin one when they are still the same watch material , where it counts . I dive so I love titanium stuff and have certain watches dedicated to saltwater because I lost a G-Shock to corrosion even though I though I cleaned it completely after all my dives.I have never used the other features like the barometric tracking so that if you are a meterologist and know what the barometric trend means then you can predict when a storm will arrive . The programmable altitude alarm will come in handy the next time I 'm scaling Everest and wonder why I 'm passing out and my sherpas have died ... oh , ok ! I 've got altitude sickness . It also has two alarms , a stopwatch , and countdown timer . There are other programmable features but like I said , owner 's manual 100 + pages . You would think they could just put a readme.txt somewhere in the recesses of this things memory.If you camp , hike , hunt , or generally spend a lot of time outdoors , like me , this watch is great . It means you can save room , and weight on things you might have had to pack -LRB- like a compass and some sort of temp . gauge -RRB- and also get things you would never pack but now have -LRB- altimeter , barometer -RRB- . Plus the watch is self-setting so you will always have the correct time and never need another battery .
 This is the fourth Casio Pathfinder watch that I have owned , and I have loved them all . They are truly watches that do it all , and fairly well at that . The Pathfinders have gotten better over the years adding features like tide timetables for some models etc. , then `` Tough Solar '' solar power , and then Atomic Time . When I saw that they combined to GREAT features like solar power and atomic time in one Pathfinder watch , I had to get it . However , there are a couple disappointments . The band is cheaper than my older Pathfinders . I like the older ones that are more of a canvas weave type rather than the thin resin one of the new Pathfinder . It makes the watch a bit less `` chunky '' , but I like `` chunky '' watches . Also the layout on the face is n't as good , you can not read the day of the week and the date at the same time like on my old ones . Overall I still say it 's a great watch . If they make another ones with a different band and better face , I 'll buy that one too .
 This new Casio PathFinder is a much improved version with a sleeker look . The atomic time sync and the solar cell is a great improvement over the older models . It is much lighter in weight as well . Comes with a nice thick manual with detailed instructions . I live in San Francisco bay area and the atomic time checking works fine . The atomic time checking uses sync from a atomic clock that uses cesium atoms that are agitated using a microwave frequency to create a very precise pendulum . There are atomic transmitters in US -LRB- Colarado -RRB- , Europe and Japan . It supports different world time zones as well .
 My G-Shock of 10 years finnally gave up the ghost about a month ago so I set out to purchase another one . After researching I started leaning more towards the ` Pathfinder ' series of watches from Casio . I decided on the Pathfinder Men 's Atomic Solar watch #PAW 12003V because of function then looks.This watch has about as much as you can put into one watch . Get GPS and a heart monitor on this thing and it becomes the greatest watch ever made.This watch is HUGE which I was very pleasant surprised , I have a thing for enormous watches . I like them absurdly large and guady , this one fits the bill perfectly . It is larger than the picture lets on.My only complaint is the thermometer is essentially worthless since it is greatly affected by your body heat . So to get an accurate reading on the thermometer you have to remove the watch and let it acclimatize for about 20 minutes . You can see how impractical this is for a wristwatch . The altimeter , Compass , and Barometer are simple to use and calibrate if you need to . The atomic time keeping and solar cell are just a fantastic asset for an outdoorsmans watch.Most everything else was covered already , but for me I love hunting , hiking , camping , and MTN biking and this watch is perfect for me -LRB- I 'm going to be honest the thermometer bothers me , I wish it worked better -RRB- . I would recommend this watch , any man should love it , it has too many toys not to .
 Short and sweet ... Love the price ... the quick shipping.Had the Pahtfinder for 2 months now . . Still finding new things it does.This is the best piece of equipment I have ever strapped on my wrist !
 One of the interesting things about the design of this watch is that the various features are n't crowded or difficult to access . All readings are direct and clear . If one has a clear understanding of barometric pressure the chart the watch displays can be used as an indicator for local conditions . For those in highly variable and potentially unpredicateable weather environments this feature alone could be very helpful providing clues independent of media announcements.Hopefully , one day the reliability and accuracy of professional weather stations will be available in such a format as this watch -- until then however this watch , in my view , can help provide reliable clues/hints to move to shelter when other information is not easily available.Although Casio , in it 's manual , states that the watche 's features are not at the level of professional and dedicated tools which do single tasks -- I can only state that if one is careful regarding the facts of one 's environment and otherwise knowledgeable regarding cross-checking what the various features of this watch report then one could be pleasantly surprised , as I have been , regarding how well the watche 's functions report the facts of one 's environment.For those who travel , the fact that the watch can pick up radio signals across the planet and keep time in the city of one 's choice while setting up and maintaining an alarm there as well as where-ever city one is located at the moment can interest those who require accuracy .
 I actually enjoy my Sea Pathfinder more . However , this seems to be the land version and I enjoyed the altimeter as I hiked through Volcano National Park . Nothing beats the Atomic Solar watch .
 When I ordered the watch , the picture was practically black and white , and there was no mention of the drab green colored band . I was expecting a black or gray band . I looks fine , is good for treking out into the woods , but you might not want to wear it as often because of the color . I have not yet learned all of the features of the watch , but it seems to be easy , though not intuitive . You 'll have to read the instructions .
 I 've purchased this watch in december of 07 , and the only complaint I have with the watch is the color . I like green but the whole watch is almost green , I went and bought a black band just to break up the color . The compass on this watch is easy to set and when compared with my field compass , it is spot on . Temperature readings are accurate , as long as you account for your body heat . The altimeter is not really accurate , but I do n't climb anything anyway so it does n't matter . The solar power on this watch is nice , you never have to worry about a battery . When I got my watch , I just left it in the sun for a day and it continues to have a high charge . The size of this watch is big , but I do n't care , it does n't bother me . If you want a nice outdoor do it all watch , I suggest you buy this one or any of the pathfinder watches .
 I 've had this watch since Christmas . Besides being a little big , it has been very nice . I wear it everywhere . I especially love the atomic time keeping and the tough solar function . The thermometer and compass function also come in handy a lot since I do much travelling . Highly recommend this watch .
 the service was excellent the watch is good but the instruction and everything is kinda hard to undertand but overall product is excellent i just need time to calibrate and understand the guide book
 I bought this for my husband to use in Afghanistan . It is has everything he needs , plus it does n't have any metal so it does n't reflect light .
 I 've had this watch for a couple weeks now and am very happy with it . It 's nice looking -LRB- by appearance , you would never guess that Oceanus is a Casius line -RRB- and you can wear it in casual or semi-dress situations.I 've seen concerns about other Oceanus watches not receiving the atomic time signal . I live in Seattle , which is well outside the 600-mile radius in which the manual say you get optimal reception . I leave the watch in a glass-topped watch case away from a window at night , and the automatic time synchronization has worked fine for me -- it has received a signal every night.A few minor drawbacks are worth mentioning . It is a very thick watch . That 's not surprising given all the technology crammed inside and it 's really not a big deal , but it is something to be aware of if that matters to you . Also , the band is very long , which is fine if you have a big wrist , but if you have a small wrist it 's going to wrap way around , which looks kind of funky . Finally , the second time zone feature would be more useful if time zones were identified by major cities rather than their offset from GMT .
 This watch is everything its described to be . I was looking for a solar or automatic watch with dual ready out , analog and digital with alarm , dual time zones and a chronograph . I always wanted the radio signal sync capability but i didnt think i call get it all in one watch . This one has it all.Its not your typical casio watch , in fact it is higher quality than casio . I compare it to citizen or Seiko quality . All functions of the watch work well . I live in New York and the watch synced up with the radio signal the first night i had it , and it was n't near any window . The features are easy to use and easy to read . The auto light is a big plus , just move your watch towards your face in dark light and it automatically turns on a backlight . Hands glow well in darkness . This feature can be turned of . This watch has multiple alarms , dual time display , charge indicator . You can display day and date or year and date or digital time in the digital window . You can see a readout of the last radio sync signal or you can manually sync at anytime . The only draw back is the watch band . It is an extra long band but that can be cured with a new band for around $ 20 . In fact the replacement band I bought looked almost identical to the one that came with the watch . This watch isnt any larger than any other quality competitor watch . In fact most other brand watches have within 1mm size of this one.overall a winner , i highly recommend .
 I got tired of paying Jewelers to replace watch batteries and did n't really trust the kid at Wal-Mart , so I bought this . It arrived in about a week and a half and was very easy to use without reading the instructions . Got the batteries from Amazon , opened the watch with this and was back in business in about three minutes . Get 's the job done !
 It is nearly impossible to get those waterproof watch backs off with out this tool . Definitely a needed item if you want to change your own batteries and save tons of $ $
 This is a must own for watch owners . I got tired of taking my watch to the jeweler and getting charged $ 12 each time a battery died . This item quickly opened my watch back , and I found that I can buy a 5-pack of these batteries for less then $ 5 . Win/win .
 It 's really beautiful . My daughout like it so much . She happy so I happy . Thank you very much . It 's a gread gift .
 I love this style of watch because the band tucks underneath . This is my second watch of this style as the first one finally broke -LRB- the band -RRB- after several years of hard use . The only thing I would change about this watch is the color . It is the color of salmon , and not a very pretty shade .
 This is my second Invicta watch . I have ordered 3 more after this one -LRB- one for the wife -RRB- . I do love the Invicta line . I will say that the band is a bit cheap feeling in comparison with my other watches . Perhaps it is also the weight difference as my other Invicta watches are very heavy . It does have a great look to it and does catch the eye of others .
 I like the watch if I can learn how to set it properly . The box looked worn when he opened it . I did not look like a brand new box . The box is very nice , presentation is beautiful but the paper was n't straight around the inside of box and the bottom of the yellow watch box has a water stain on it.Inside the box was an extended warrantly application and an instruction manual . Nothing as to the model number this particular watch was/is . My husband asked me if it took a battery or what and I had to answer I do n't know ... and I still do n't know . We have it running as far as the time , and the second hand , I guess.We need to have the band sized and their were no instructions for that anywhere . So , I guess I 'm back at the Jewler 's on that note.The watch itself is beautiful . It arrived in two days just as promised . It was packaged well inside the cardboard box just no invoice with it . The price was still on the watch band . If I had to return it , I would need an invoice . I always get a packing slip , or an invoice each time I shop with Amazon . I am doing all the Holiday shopping this year with Amazon , this was a gift . An important Anniversary present for my husband .
 I use this watch for business trip all over the world , the function is very nice , the compass , temperature , weather forecast functions are very useful , especially , the baro-chart is very important to assist to judge the correct weather forecast . The color is very nice , but someone mentioned it would discolor , I think it should be , but not happen yet , because it always staid in a very good condition -LRB- only business trip -RRB- , but if I go mountain-climbing , I suppose it might happen soon . Then why I did not give the 5 stars , the only disadvantage is the dual time mode , to show local and home town time in a same display is very very important during business trip , it can tell when I should call back to my company , and the display still has enough space to display the home town time , I think La Crosse should consider to improve this function . Anyway , this is still a useful watch for business trip !
 This is a great watch for people who are trying their hand at outdoor sports . It is easy to use and not too bulky . Wish is was made of a more durable material other than plastic , but like I mentioned it is great for a beginner to practice . It has all of the main functions of watches costing much more so it does the job . It is a very clean and smart looking watch .
 Overall , this watch is impressive with all of functions it has for the price.Accuracy seems to be on par as far time keeping goes . The altimeter and compass leave a little to be desired in accuracy or updating reading . Adjusting/calibrating either of the latter functions is also somewhat of a pain . A lot of button pushing , holding , re-pushing ... But , for a techno-geek it 's fun to play with . The first battery lasted about 10 months . I push a lot of buttons !
 I bought this one to replace the previous model , which was retired due to the link pin being ripped through the plastic casing and rendering the watch not wearable to me . New one works well , as advertised ; i actually like it better than the older one , but case is still plastic , and I worry about a similar mishap rendering this one unusable . Excellent watch at this price .
 I like this watch very much . It has a thermometer , altimeter , barometer and chronograph and was much less expensive than similar watches made by other brands .
 I 've now had this watch for several weeks and I 'm very pleased with it . All of the functions work quite well , including the compass -LRB- a feature I 've had work poorly on other watches in the past -RRB- . I chose this watch because at the price it seemed like a better idea to get several of them over the years rather than spend 5 to 10 times as much to get one watch.To those who complain that the elevation changes when you 're just staying at home
 I got the watch for Christmas , primarily to use while out in the woods . Great watch . The only drawback that I see is the temperature given is not ambient temp , but more like an average of body temp and ambient temp . However , if you take the watch off for about 20 minutes , it will read ambient temp perfectly .
 got this just before my elk hunt as my old watch died . Works great and I really like the rain feature . Comes with a DVD to show how to use it , I do n't think it really needs it and it 's pretty straight forward . Seems to be with in 100 feet on altitude witch I think is pretty good for an inexpensive watch . Would buy again .
 Nice watch and great features for the price . The thermometer is not accurate while wearing it but besides that it is a great outdoorsmans watch .
 Got this July 10 , 2012 . So far , is performing admirably . A little tough to set up , until I got used to it . DVD was helpful , manual a little tough to search to find what I was looking for . Before purchasing , I read other reviews . I did forget to take it off a couple of times before showering , no ill affects so far . Still , I 'll keep taking it off before showering . Overall , I rate it a great buy !
 very good product it is all that is just a little thing mark . altimeter must often be calibrates
 I am upset that beeps leading up to the countdown timer ending can not be disabled . The countdown timer can be a useful tool for me , but those beeps are very irritating . The only solution that I have found is to set the timer for 10 min more than I want and use the single `` ten minutes remaining '' beep as the endpoint . The rest of the features basically work like my previous watch .
 I bought this for my Dad after my husband 's rave about it ! He uses it while hunting and biking ! My Dad loves it too !
 My XG-55 has made me several thousand dollars.I use the stopwatch feature of my watch for accurate billing of clients . I do n't round down anymore on billing . I just click to start and click to stop my billing for a project . This watch has been valuable to me.I wake up to its alarm every day . I take cat naps during the lunch hour for 10 or 15 minutes and the watch wakes me up . The compass is dependable and useful at times . The watch also has a backlight button that makes reading the face of the watch very handy at night.Since I live in Chicago the altimeter has n't been terribly useful . And my knees are an accurate `` barometer '' of changing weather thanks to football years ago.Their customer service was n't very helpful when the watch 's battery died . The user manual said go to a certified dealer . I called customer service and they could n't think of any dealer in Chicago . They said send the watch to them in Wisconsin . Turnaround ? I believe they said turnaround was 3-4 weeks.No thanks . I went to Sears and used an `` uncertified '' watch repair lady to change out the common battery . It worked just fine.I must like the watch despite the customer service . I 'm wearing it now .
 Great value - sure , case could be metal instead of polymer , but for the price the capabilities of the watch ca n't be beat ... very intuitive interface and easy to use ... compares favorably to watches costing 3-4 times as much ...
 For the most part a nice watch . Particularly for the price . I did n't like the band and immediately swapped it out for a Velcro Ironman type band . Personal choice . Pretty much as advertised.The Altimeter seems accurate enough . The altimeter varies based on barometric pressure . I can wake up 200 feet higher or lower than I went to sleep based on barometric changes . Traveling , the altimeter on the watch has been within about 100 - 300 feet of the altimeter readings on my GPS , which is itself within 20 ' of road signs . If you really care , set it manually based on a GPS or a marker each day you hike . You can reset the altimeter to zero anytime you want and track your relative change for the day.The compass occasionally goes off scale and wo n't work until you manually reset it . Best to know how to do that before you need to . This watch is a `` Backup '' , carry a mechanical compass if your going to depend on one . Otherwise , pretty good.The watch keeps time relative to when you set it . My main disappointment is that it does NOT sync with the Atomic clock in Colorado . I 'm amazed that a `` La Crosse Technology '' product does n't use La Crosse Technology to show the correct time . If you set the watch 5 minutes and change off from the correct time , that is where it stays . I guess this would be a positive feature for those who like to fool themselves by setting their watch fast and etc. . I suppose it is also in keeping with the capability to set the watch altimeter and barometer to any reference you want . You can set the 2nd time zone to any hours and minutes you want . The seconds are the same as time zone one . I want exact time , so I simply set the watch by another `` actual '' La Crosse Technology clock in my house.For the price , the watch is pretty much in its own class . I had n't found anything else that had these features in one watch for under $ 100 .
 This is the second Lacrosse XG-55 I have owned . The first lasted about 4 years , thru hot tubs , swimming , rainy camping trips , skiing , etc. . The first one finally died because the light turned on and would not turn off , killing the battery . The display is large enough to be read without my reading glasses and the information displayed is what you would want to see . At this price , this watch is at least as good as the Casios -LRB- 2 -RRB- I have owned and probably as good as some costing 3 or 4 times more .
 I 've been looking at the comparative Casio watch for years , but never could justify $ 200 - $ 300 for a watch . Before Christmas I saw the La Crosse XG-55 in a sporting magazine for about $ 80 and figured I could find one on the internet even cheaper . I requested one from the kids -LRB- Christmas gift # and got it about a week after Christmas . After figuring out how to use it , I love it . I was mostly interested in the barometer function , but since I like gadgets , I play with the altimeter all the time also . A big plus that I have n't seen in any other watch is the count down timer . I like slow cooking on the grill and have already used it for a 3 hour check on some ribs . I can set the chronograph to start timing , and run the count down timer for a 3 hour check at the same time . The thermometer is dead-on accurate #off the wrist of course -RRB- and I set the barometer to the weather channel the first day I got it and it stays within .01 of the actual pressure and I have n't had to re-set it since . The altimeter is very accurate if you know how one works . I set some landmarks with google maps and went for a drive and the watch read within 10 feet of what it should have . You have to re-calibrate the altimeter often though because it works off air pressure - when the barometric pressure changes , so will the displayed altitude , just like an altimeter in an airplane that works off barometric pressure.I will try and keep it dry since I 've read other posts that say the water resistant feature is misleading.If something does happen to it I will definately have to get another one . For the price , its an amazing product .
 Still learning to use it but is fantastic . The altimeter takes some time to adjust .
 This watch is great ! It does what it said it would do . The altitude varies with atmospheric pressure , so needs a little attention to setting when using this feature . You do have 4 choices to set it to , like zero altitude , sea level , Qfe/qnh which should be good for the pilot needing a backup altimeter . -LRB- no good in pressurized aircraft -RRB- Two time zones is always agreat feature . The compass seems to work well & quickly but magnetic variation setting seems back to front to me , -LRB- east is least - and west is best + -RRB- , but the instructions use `` Declaration '' with the reverse of the above . It still sets the true north by applying it as per the instructions . Ovedrall I 'm very pleased with it .
 Arrived 3 days ahead of schedule!Good watch so far . I 've had it for a little longer than 2 weeks and I 've used it sea-kayaking , flown cross-country and worn it every day . No scratches yet . It is a big watch and the band is loose even on the tightest setting -LRB- admittedly I 'm not the biggest guy but I am athletic , as I presume most users of this watch will be so you may want to change the band -RRB- . All the functions are very accurate but I am most impressed with the weather forcast . It predicted a sudden New England rain shower when everyone else -LRB- even local Maine fishermen -RRB- swore it would be clear all day -LRB- we were even at the beach and it saved the day when our party left about 5 minutes before the rain started coming down putting us way ahead of the resulting traffic -RRB- . It does require input however , in order to work well . Use this website -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- to calibrate the baro to your location -LRB- go to WikiHow to learn how to read a ` METAR ' -RRB- for the most accurate weather and alti functions . You 'll need to do that evey time you travel someplace far or dramatically different from the previous setting . Compass is OK but you have to hold your wrist in a certain position , the calibration procedure will leave you dizzy and it only works well outdoors but still , it DOES work . I have n't noticed any of the poor water-seal issues lamented by others . I 've washed the dishes with it and it took a decent sloshing on one particularly rough kayaking trip with no problems . The thermo is pretty worthless but I figured it would be since the sensor sits so close to your skin . It 's usable , however , if you subtract about 13 deg F from the reading . The bezel rotates which is handy for some more involved navigation practices . No problems with random button pushing . Watch the DVD , it helps -LRB- esp . with the compass cal -RRB- . Gripes ? The loose watch band , the thermo and it looks too much like everybody 's Timex Triathlon . But that 's really about it . Great watch !
 Good product . It expires with the offered and has magnificent characteristics . I recommended those who like this type of appliances
 Por el precio de venta , compr&eacute; un buen reloj . El &uacute;nico problema que he detectado es que la br&uacute;jula se descalibra a cada rato . El alt&iacute;metro y bar&oacute;metro funcionan muy bien .
 My husband has been very happy with this watch . It has all the bells and whistles . He says the altimeter works great .
 I use the watch as back up when I am flying and it does a fine jobI am really happy with it , and the price is right .
 For the price and abundant features this watch ca n't be beat . I reccommend it .
 This watch is a pretty good deal for the price . It is a little complicated to figure out , but after playing with it for awhile you 'll get the hang of it.It 's not the best construction , but it 's not that expensive either . It was pretty helpful on my recent trip up Mt. Kilimanjaro . I did need to recalibrate the elevation pretty frequently though . Ascending from 3000m to 5895m it drifted about 200m . When calibrating at elevation , sometimes it does n't believe you so you might have to put the elevation in a few times.I noticed that some complain about the water resistant-ness . The documentation says that it is water resistant to 100 ft , but cautions not to use it -LRB- push buttons -RRB- underwater . It 's done fine for me with splashing , showers , dishwashing , river/lake bathing , etc. . I have n't tried diving with it since it would n't be accurate anyway .
 The watch is great . Keeps acurate time along with its multiple functions . The only function lacking is the movable bezel . It moves too freely with no ratcheting mechanism . The bezel is very smooth making realignment of the bezel somewhat difficult .
 Owned this watch only briefly , had no problems in that short time , but did not get the reason for the backward compass -LRB- you could set it so it says west when you 're really facing east . Once I figured that out , I changed it back and all was right with the world . -RRB- One thing to note , though
 It 's a good watch , i 'm happy with it , it does the jobThe altimeter is not that accurate but that 's the case with almost all the barometric altimeters , if u do n't mind putting in the correct altitude once in an wile is OKthe rest is A O K
 So why did I only give is 4 stars ? The only reason I gave this item 4 stars is the fact that there is no altimeter button . I 'll explain more later . First off , I did n't initially purchase this watch because others reviewed this watch as cheap . NOT TRUE . This watch has a great looking bezel , unfortunately the pics do n't do it justice . Yes the band is palstic/rubber but so are other expensive watches . The clasp is metal so it all works together nicely.The features : Altimeter , Barometer , Compass , and Time.This watch is accurate very accurate . You must set it up correctly . I first set up the watch by changing the barometer to change the altimeter . Wrong answer . The barometer is set up from the factory . Leave it alone ! Sea Level pressure is 29.92 inHG and my local observatory said something different so I changed it and my altitude was all off . Hint , leave the factor settings alone in the barometer . Go to the Atimeter mode and choose sea level and adjust the inHG there . Voila the correct altimeter reading just like my plane . Here is the trick . Everytime we get into a plane we check the altimeter pressure and adjust for changes in the barometric pressure . We do that every time we fly . If not your reading will be wrong . Once you change that under the Altimeter setting you will again show the correct altitude . Exactly the type of control you want . The watch is very sensitive to changes and has 1ft of resolution -LRB- it could tell the difference in walking up the stairs with 3ft of accuracy . WOW!The only thing I do n't like and the reason I kept a star for myself ; no dedicated Altimeter button or no way to restart the sampling process other than pressing the mode button 4 times to toggle through the other functions . The altimeter is active with updates every second for 5 minutes and to conserve battery life after 5 minutes it updates once per minute . I would have liked a continuous real time update option or a way to restart the updates without toggling through all of the functions.Obviously the temp is affected by body heat but that too is adjustable , I have found that reducing the temp by 14 or 15 degrees will give you an accurate reading . Test to see what works for you.Compass is great but like any compass you must have it parallel to the earth for an accurate reading . It even includes a reverse bearing reading that will allow you to find yourself on a map . -LRB- given you know how -RRB- Bottom line , this is a great watch and is an extreme value at $ 50 . Suggestions for those complaining . 1 . Learn to use it -LRB- download the manual before buying -RRB- 2 . Stop Wearing electronics with holes in the case in water no matter who says its water proof . Water and electronics do n't mix . 3 . A spinning bezel is not suppose to click . It 's for accuracy purposes and so it can turn both directions . This is a precision piece you need to be more precise!I have had several brands and you ca n't beat this watch at this price point , do n't even try .
 OK , so the construction is cheap and plastic . After two years of daily abuse on construction sites , the paint has worn away in many places and it 's hard to read the markings on the bezel . Bezel is now precariously loose . That 's the worst of it . Everything else is superb . Set the thing up properly , and it will amaze you with its accuracy and responsiveness . Next time you 're in an elevator , watch the altimeter tick off the elevation change at a perfectly even pace and stop the moment the elevator car comes to a halt . The altimeter can vary at the same location over a period of time , but that 's because it 's based upon barometric pressure . It ultimately averages out pretty well . The graphing and history features are nice , too . Battery has lasted just shy of 2 years so far .
 Lost without . The DVD explains all the functions and how to set them up . This watch tells you what the weather will be and the barometric pressures . This is invaluable information for fishing . This is me second one . The first one the case wore out after 7 years , I was lost until I found out they still make it . And this . Seller sells it for half the price &#128077;
 I bought La Crosse XG-55 2007 and I am still using it.Overall quality
 This watch is a great product . It is so sensitive that it registers a difference in going up or down stairs in my house or just walking up the street . It is also amazing how a change in the weather affects the `` altitude '' by over a hundred feet when compared to the Google maps terrain feature . Therefore , before relying on a reading , be sure to establish a baseline for that given day 's conditions.For those of you complaining about accuracy , remember that this is a barometric device . To put it rudely , It 's the weather stupid . On a sunny day , your `` altitude '' will differ significantly from a rainy day . If a front moves into your area , use common sense and rebaseline . I have seen swings of 150 feet for any given area on different days , but the relative change is the same from one place to another . So do n't reach for the DVD . Use your head and allow for weather conditions from day to day and you will enjoy this fine product . In my area a barometric reading of 29.7 versus 28.7 is a 950 foot difference . Same place , different day.So enjoy . You could strap a GPS to your wrist , but this watch is more convenient and a lot more comfortable . LOL
 This is the third XG-55 Alt/Compass -LRB- and many other features -RRB- watch I have purchased , I gave one as a present and have worn the other for five years AND yes , the paint and detail has almost been worn away . To preserve the appearance of this new watch I sprayed on 8 coats of ` clear ' -4 horzontal and 4 at 45 degrees in 20 minutes , misted on from 18 inches so as not to get a run - to protect the paint , and before I removed the LCD lenz shipping cover . I have read complaints about this watch , poor battery life but my first one - using the backlite several times a day - operates for over 2 years . This current model watch LCD of course , can be manually shut off . When this altimeter can show elevation change every step you take climbing up a ladder , calling it too ` inaccurate to use hiking ' in the mountains needs a bit of insight . If you are on the up-wind side of a hill the baro . pressure will be higher . Walk around your house when the wind is blowing or put you car windows up and turn on the heater fan . This will quickly show baro , / elev . change . Where I live next to a small mountian ranges we can get as much as 500 ft. elev change a day with wind shift . Getting absoulte elevation readings this way is not possible . If you travel you will need to reset the compass declination . Another really good feature is the raised bezzel that protects the lenz . After 5 years of wearing this watch even while working I have only three scratches on the lenz . The watch is thicker than my dress watch and I just learn to be careful . I started out thinking I would need to pay $ 200 for a good barometer . This watch sheds water but I do n't put it under water , I ruined one nice watch while water skiing . This is a very good watch that proviced lots of information
 I would give this a 5 star if not for the fact that there is no easy way to change the battery and the manufactorer wants you to pay $ 10 to ship it back to them!That is n't right and I took it upon myself to change it myself as 2 of those batterys cost half of that.I quickly realized that there is a special battery plastic surround that will surely break unless you take great care.I had to put a piece of cardboard between the back cover and the battery to get it to work.No problems in over a yr since I did it.I have been out in the mountains hunting and climbing in all kinds of weather , scratched up the lense and it continues to function.All for a price less than 1/4 of what a casio would cost.I would buy another if this one gets lost or broke as the battery change is n't a big deal because cardboard works to make good contact and the weather tightness is n't compromised because it has a heavy duty back case and good gasket.It is built like a tank!Made in America , too .
 My son needed a digital watch for his training as a private pilot . I gave him the La crosse for his birthday and he is delighted with it . It has all the gadgets and gismos that he needs and it tells the time too !
 I have enjoyed this Christmas gift . I had thought it was also a satelite watch like the other La Crosse products . The ads never said that , I just made that assumption . It is working great and has many features . I enjoy it .
 I have a few of these type watches and this one is the best so far . Light weight and easy to use .
 this watch was a father 's day gift for my husband . he wanted it for months.he loves it . great quality !!!
 Great product at a good price , though bulky in size . Was pleased with prompt service .
 After setup it works pretty well . I used it on a trip across country . My Garmin GPS had an altimeter but my new TomTom did not , so that is why I purchased the item . I checked it along the way with the elevation signs along the road and it preformed well enough to be useful .
 I deffenitly like the watch . it works amesome and i like the fact it came with instructions . the price was awesome lowest price ive seen any where else . the only down side i had was learning to use it once i did that i was good .
 If you never seen this beast , it 's a must . It 's over 48MM in diameter and is very thick too . It 's extremely heavy but feels great on the wrist . If you want a watch that 's get noticed and feels empowering on the wrist , this is it !!!! It 's rated at 1000M under the water and has huge oversized buttons to allow pushing them while wearing gloves . The glareproof crystal is great and you will never see a reflection under any condition . If there 's any watch that 's built like a tank , this is it . No none else makes anything like it and I think it is a bargain .
 Got it for Christmas - I Love it!Love the large face , the color , and glow-in-the-dark features - Easy to take off 'n on , too Would highly recommend it !
 I love this watch . After a fourteen year relationship with my kinetic watch sadly ended I replaced it with this water resistant Invicta . The face and numbers are large and very easy to read . I can even see the date ! I keep my watch on all the time . Hopefully this will last me another 14 years too .
 La entrega fue exitosa y no sufrio ningun da & ntilde ; o la mercancia , el reloj es un excelente reloj.Muy liviano y resistente .
 Excelente Reloj . lo comprepara regalarselo a mi padre . y la verdad le gusto mucho . ahora pienso comprarme uno para mi pues la verda esta super cool .
 I originally got this watch for someone as a gift and ended up ordering one for myself after seeing how nice it was ! Its made for rigorous water sports but and designed nice enough to be worn anytime and anywhere
 I bought this watch for my fiance ' and wow ! ca n't ask for more . They say `` you get what you pay for '' , but in this case you get more ... for what you pay for ! This is a serious time-piece for those watch lover 's . Do n't miss out on this Invicta swiss watch . You will regret it if you do n't jump on it ! I bought the same watch in men 's for the matching pair . `` Finally , the right time to buy a watch '' . &#60; br / &#62; ~ Alvin .
 is a good gift surprise for my wife.if you want to get a good watch for a good Price it is
 I purchased this watch because I wanted something a little different and I like the copper/stanless steel band . When I received it , I had to double check and make sure I ordered a woman 's watch . The face is a little big but I have grown to like it .
 The fit and finish are exactly what you 'd expect from a handmade strap . After three years without major chemical treatments except for storage in a humidor , it still feels like butter.But the orange dress strap is anathema to a divers watch almost like putting 24 inch chrome wheels on a 600SClass , kinda gaudy and can feel Jersey City goush.I 've been happier with a traditional divers strap since it seems more fitting and conveys a sense of action instead a bright dress strap on a large sport watch . -LRB- SEE USER UPLOADED PIC -RRB- The inexpensive rubber strap can be found at : ORANGE 22mm Double Tang Modena Italian Rubber Dive Watch Band Fits LuminoxSeries
 If you like gadgets , then this is the watch for you . One concern was the size of the watch . But after wearing it for the past two weeks this has not been a problem . The barometer , altimeter , compass , and thermometer features all work , and the accuracy is acceptable . The compass is the most useful feature . Great watch to have with you for hiking , or traveling in places you are not familiar with . This watch is solar powered , so you do n't need to worry about batteries . This is a great feature for me , since every watch that I have changed the batteries myself on , no longer remained water-proof . Dislikes
 Have been on many dives with this watch . No leaks at 118 feet in fresh water , 90 feet in salt water . I did n't see it in the description but the band has a quick extender so it fits over a wetsuit without adding links . Easy to read underwater but the white face is better for night . Over all its a very water resistant and rugged watch . I 've owned 3 and lost 2 and would buy another if i had to .
 The Strap was delivered in the time stated . I love the thick sturdy rugged band.It made my watch look and feel really comfortable.Now my Omega looks like James Bond !
 I have owned two of these watches and have found them to be very durable . The battery life is long and the screen is very scratch resistant . I love the one button push for 24hrs or 12hrs setting . The big number display is very easy to see at a glance . This watch will with stand the test of time . The only reason that I got another was the strap broke after about 4 years of everyday wear and tear . When my current watch craps out I will be purchasing another one of these watches .
 I have searched for an loud alarm which would wake me ... this one does ! It has both a vibrating pulse and a loud sound !
 the watch is fine bu the package arrived in a mesirable state , otherwise it is ok
 Excellent watch for scuba diving , especially because of its vibration fixture , which makes it easier to know when it 's time to finish a particular dive , and not have to make a non-decompression stop .
 retro cool looking watch that works great and does n't cost a ton . The set buttons take a while to get use to , not like the traditional chronograph watches
 Typically , this would be a man 's watch . I am a woman with a fairly small wrist . It not only fits great , it looks great . It has nice , simple features . The only downside for me is the dark numbers on the dark background as my work keeps me outside a lot . Overall -- excellent product , excellent price , excellent experience .
 Luce bien , casual , es muy liviano . Buen precio . S&oacute;lo espero no tenga problemas con el agua como algunos indican en sus comentarios .
 Best looking girls watch I have seen on here . Very adorable . My daughter , who just learned how to tell time on a clock , LOOOOOVES IT ! Her little sis is delighted that it lights up !
 What can I say , it works great and its a Timex . I think the name speaks for itself . Now if the daughter would only wear it .
 My 7 year old got this for her birthday . She can put it on easily and can keep track of the time too . It 's a nice , pretty watch and has been durable . My one con was setting the date as I had to keep twisting the time knob again and again until the day changed -LRB- there is n't a stright to the date knob , you have to go through however many 24 hour periods until the correct date shows itself -RRB- . No big deal for the price/cuteness .
 My daughter wears this almost ALL the time and she plays HARD . So far , so good ! And for the price , you ca n't go wrong ! I 'm happy because it has n't died and she 's happy because it 's pink and pretty !
 I got this watch for my granddaughter in Dec. of 2008 . It 's cute , sturdy , and very practical . She LOVES it and so do I !
 I got this watch faster than expected and in good condition . I brought to China to give to my two nieces and they were really happy about it.Definately recommend it .
 I ordered this for my niece and I am planning on giving this to her for her birthday . I wanted a watch with numbers , not the digital type . I want her to learn to tell time the `` old fashioned '' way before using a digital watch . She has not opened it yet but I am hopeful it works as well as it looks.The butterfly is an added bonus . She likes butterflies a lot !!
 I have had this watch for about a year now , and it looks and feels great ! I paid almost 3 times what Amazon wants for it back then . It 's an excellent , rugged ` everyday watch ' that you can ` knock around ' as well . It 's great for when you 're outside cutting the grass , gardening , jogging , or walking the dog , etc. . Keep your better , more expensive high-end watches for those times when you go out somewhere nice , or for work .
 This was a stocking stuffer for my Granddaughter who is in 4th grade.She loved it and it is performing well .
 It is a good buy , i highly recommend dealing with amazon.i had a very bad experience with e bay
 This watch is very good , it has a lot of option that you can set up differences , but it is big size . I recommend it if you mind about the size .
 Everything i expected the watch to be and more ... extremely good quality and stylish.came packaged very professionally . . the price that i payed is unbelievably affordable considering how expensive it looks and feels on your hand ... i 'm planning to buy more styles ... would definitely recommend this product to anyone wanting a stylish rugged look ... the leather band is wide enough and fits great . .
 this watch is perfect in a lot of ways its very classy and wearable for any occasion for its price ... the dial is very beautiful depending in its light it will shine beautiful blue green and purple color ... but that in a way is the problem ... ITS absolutely perfect for you of you want a BLUE dial watch because the primary color IS BLUE ... NOT GREEN so yes the picture is decieving ... i still like it though although i really did want a green dial : -LRB-
 My husband is a Pool Operator and his watches were not holding up to the every day use . This seems to be a good , durable watch . My husband likes the large face plus the numbers light up in the dark .
 I like this watch . It appears to be well built . I wear it in the water and it holds up well . It is a little bigger than I anticipated , but not to big .
 Got this watch to remember my spiritual practices , called hourly practices as a student of STEPS TO KNOWLEDGE
 I had this UNIC Diesel watch added to my collection . This is one of my favorite wear at my office at work . Heavy duty and good looking watch at the same time . Love it .
 Bought it after buying the exact watch in brown for my significant other a couple months earlier . Love it and he loves it .
 The watch was ordered for my Daughters Boyfriend . He loves it and it came very quick
 The watch seems durable and easy to read . I have a small wrist and even a small size seems a bit big for me .
 THE WATCH IS BEAUTIFUL AND MY EYES LIT UP WHEN I SAW IT IN PERSON ! IF YOU LOVE BETTY LIKE I DO THIS IS THE WATCH FOR YOU !
 This watch looks great but I 've had a problem trying to change the date with the stem . It seems that there is no intermediate position for the stem - only in or out . Other than that , I 'm happy .
 I got this watch as an anniversary present for my significant other . I was looking for something not-too-flashy , but not too downplayed , and I felt like this was perfect . It was nicely packaged -LRB- watch pillow in a box , not too jewelry like -RRB- , and the delivery was quick . The watch itself has been working fantastically , and it looks great . It was a little bigger than I was expecting , but I 've been buying women 's watches lately , so that 's no surprise !
 Looks fantastic . Too bad I lost it somewhere in Africa & have been too lazy to replace it . But , it begs to question , once I left Cape Town , why was I wearing a watch in Africa ?? All that serves as is a mark that you 're `` rich '' & have Western things . Hindsight 's 20/20 .
 No complaints from my husband . A year later there are no scratches and it looks brand new . It 's durable but still nice to wear out on a casual evening .
 I purchased this for my boyfriend 's 21st b-day and had the back engraved . It is a beautiful watch and he loved it . I really recommend this to anyone
 Very cute and is really practical . Fits better on smaller wrists which is my case . I wear them everywhere . I really love this watch !
 As a collector of watches , I can bore people to death about the advantages of numerous high-end watch brands . However , my living is made in a warehouse envirement , which can be brutal on expensive watches . Over the years , I have come to depend on Freestyles as my choice for work . The Fieldmasters II that I have just purchased is water resistant to 300 meters , which means that human sweat has no effect on it 's performance , and an all stainless steel case helps maintain shock resistance as well . Everybody knows how bad the lighting is in most warehouses , including Freestyle , who add an effective night-light to the watch 's features.It looks great , it 's priced right , and I know it will last . It 's a great product !
 I will let my grandaughter write this review as she is the owner of this watch !! I like this a lot and wear it all the time . My girlfriends all like it and always want to know where I got it ! I think it is terrific !! Brook Wunder
 I was browsing Amazon for Christmas gifts and when I saw this , I did a double-take ; it had granddaughter Ashley 's name written all over it ... and in bronze sequins , no less.Ashley 's at the age where she likes her bling -- just like Hannah Montana and all the other girly-girls of the new generation . I knew she 'd like it . And I was right , as usual . `` This is so-ooo cool , Grammy , '' she gushed , making it all worthwhile.Betty Boop is one of her fave Toonies , but that was just the frosting on the cake . What she likes most about this watch is that it 's pretty , girly , glitzy , and looks great with all her outfits.In addition to being attractive , economical and durable , what I like about it is that it will help her keep track of those after-school hours when she 's with Jake . Yeah ... right!Highly recommended for teens and tweens.Reviewed by
 The watch was exactly what i ordered and I got it very fast . Unfortunately it was a bit too big for my wrist . I returned it for a refund without any problems .
 I needed a everyday watch that could take some abuse while I 'm doing my todo list . I picked this watch because it was designed by surfers to be worn while surfing . What I did n't realize was how handsome a watch it was going to be . My wife must comment every day how beautiful it looks . Very happy with this watch so far .
 I purchased this watch a at the beginning of the year and it is in regular rotation for work and weekend wear . It 's a simple yet elegant watch , no bells whistles or buzzers . Extremely light with outstanding craftsmanship and very comfortable to wear .
 This product came promptly and as described , pleasure doing business with them ! - d
 This is my 2nd MTG900DA-9V in 5 years . My 1st one started giving me battery problems and the back light gave out . Decided it would be cheaper at $ 84.00 / Walmart to buy a new one than sending it back to Casio.I love the look of the new 2 tone style band . The watch has a look and feel of duribility.This watch does everything it says it will do . PERFECT time all the time.It syncs up every night without flaw even in a basement . I have showered/swam / cut wood/mowed the grass with both watches with no problem . This watch can take whatever you can throw at it and still give you perfect time
 This watch I had gotten for Christmas from my finace and I absolutely love it ! I 'm one of those nerdy people that has to have a casio pathfinder , but this watch is dressy with the metal band , but yet high-tech . It really scared me about how accurate it was when the TV shows I watch are in sync to the second on this thing ! I also like the auto-glow feature . I 'm more of a built guy , so having a half-pound -LRB- yeah , 8.3 ounces -RRB- watch does n't bother me . I think someone less built might not like it -LRB- just a personal opinion -RRB- . Other than that , I would recommend it to anyone .
 This watch is very user friendly and easy to use . Adjusting the band is simple , even a complete moron , who is also blind , could do it . It is the toughest , most accurate watch on the market today .
 I am very pleased with the quality of this watch . The steel band should make it last ; I have always had to retire my watches long before the watch died because the band went and I could not find a suitable replacement , but no more !
 The Model Number listed on Amazon is wrong . Model # 2688 arrived for my under $ 100 . -LRB- including s & h ;-RRB- . This is a great watch , but it is very large and very heavy compared with anything I have ever worn . However , the size and sleek design gives it a really hot look.The band is way too big for me . I 'm a small boned muscular 160lb male . Not only did I have to remove four links , but I had to move the latch stay over to the shortest setting.The User 's Guide was written for not only the Model # 2688 , but also for two other similar models - and the illustrations are for one of the other models . But with a little faith it is n't as confusing as one might think.Everything works ! It sets the time and date from the atomic clock radio signal , and it runs on solar power . Furthermore , not only is this watch handsome , the band clasp locks solidly , it looks really rugged . I do n't think I can loose or damage it . This may be the last watch I will ever buy . I could n't be more satisfied - even with a Rolex .
 Atomic watches are highly-accurate quartz watches which are synchronized each day with a time signal broadcast from the definitive U.S. Atomic Clock in Ft. Collins , Colorado . Thus , all atomic watches are always accurate to within a fraction of a second at any time . Since atomic watches adjust automaticaly to and from daylight saving time they are the ultimate in accurate watches . Casio makes -- and Amazon sells -- a wide selection of styles of atomic watches to suit various needs and tastes , but all are equally accurate . The Casio G-Shock series is especially rugged and the solar powered models , such as this , never require battery replacement . Atomic accurary , solar power , and G-Shock ruggedness is an appealing combination at a quite reasonable price .
 This is my SECOND MTG9000DA-9V ! I bought my first watch of this type about 3 years ago . The watch is still working like a charm . One minor note of caution
 > this is the best looking casio solar watch . my friends who have similar casio solar watches like this watch better . blingier looking face , do n't have to worry about replacing the band , runs forever anywhere . too bad it 's discontinued . best price i 've found is under $ 80 , bought from here because of the $ 30 dollar amazon discount .
 I have been admiring Casio G-shocks for some time
 This is the toughest most durable product I have ever owned . It has been in the Desert in extreme heat , In a Blizzard in Maine , in Salt Water -LRB- once at 12bar depth -RRB- , Fresh Water , Dropped , Hit with a hammer , and accidentally thrown once at a concrete floor . This watch has seen it all and it sill works flawlessly . I give this watch my highest respect and regard for pure functionality . I do n't believe Casio will place the word Tough on just any product and this watch is proof.It is easy to navigate the various menus and set different functions . The Instruction booklet is easy to tote around until you get used to the Casio Menu style -LRB- which becomes second nature quite fast -RRB- . The reception of the Atomic Time Keeping is about 50 % of the time in the Northern -LRB- east and west -RRB- Most Continental United States -LRB- 45th parallel north + -RRB- . The Closer you are to Boulder , Colorado the better the Reception . I have found that weather can play a major role if you receive the signal or not . Even with a week or so of not receiving the time calibration signal the watch remains quite accurate -LRB- + / - 2 seconds -RRB- The Watch Chrystal or face is quite scratch resistant , and even with all the punishment I have put mine though there are only 3 very faint scratches.The Watch is rather bulky and might not fit too well for people with petite wrists . But for most anyone that is looking for an extremely durable time piece I would recommend this one 100 % of the time .
 I wanted a watch as accurate as my atomic wall and desk clocks so I ordered this one recently . The watch itself is built like a tank and looks better then the picture would suggest . I live on the East Coast and the watch has had no problem picking up the time signal from Colorado . The time on the watch matches my atomic clocks to the second . This is without a doubt the most rugged and accurate watch I ever owned .
 I have had this watch for over a year now . This is the most durable watch I have ever owned . I usually have it all scratched up in no time flat ... Not this one , not a scratch in the face after over a year ...
 I bought this watch for my husband for christmas , and he loves it . Besides being solar , it automatically updates the time with the atomic clock . it is the perfect gift for someone that likes to have a nice looking watch that has all of the bells .
 I absolutely love this watch ! It is incredibly beautiful . It is a good size as well . Definitely not meant for a tiny woman .
 Was as described , time is accurate and watch is a very fashionable piece to compliment my wardrobe .
 i received this watch as a birthday present , the watch is beautiful and elegant . its not big , and honestly the picture doesnt do it justice . highly recommend it .
 i red the other reviews before buying this watch . everybody said that the watch is big for a woman , but when i opened the box the watch was smaller than i thought . anyway it 's a very good and classy looking watch , especially the colour .
 Excellent watch ! ... very nice leather strap color , very elegant ... only thing I notice is that it looks a lot bigger in the picture than it really is so keep that in mind if u are one of those who like big watches like me , I was very frustrated with the size at the beginning , but it 's really a very nice watch . my girlfriend loved it ! and so her mom ! : P
 VERSION ESPA&N tilde ; OL -LRB- VENEZUELA -RRB- / Spanish Version -LRB- Venezuela -RRB- El reloj es una belleza , la correa es cuero autentico , el azul de la correa es mate -LRB- no patente/brillante como dan a entender las imagenes oficiales del fabricante -RRB- . El empaque del reloj puede mejorar bastante . Ser&iacute;a justo y mecesario incluir un certificado de autenticidad de los `` DIAMANTES '' pues no trajo o no llego a mis manos . Dem&aacute;s esta decir que es una excelente marca de reloj -LRB- desde 1875 -RRB- . La correa es hecha en China y la m&aacute;quina del reloj en Jap&oacute;n , -LRB- no tengo nada en contra de los Japoneses -RRB- pero lamentamos que no sea suiza . Espero dure muchos a & ntilde ; os . Hasta luego . Espero les sea util este comentario . --------------------------------------------------------------- VERSION EN INGLES / English VersionThe watch is a beauty , it is real leather strap , blue belt is mate -LRB- not clear / bright as the images of the official manufacturer suggest . Clock packaging can improve a lot . Necesary It would be fair and include a certificate of authenticity of the `` Diamonds '' did not bring it or not I come to my hands . Others say that this is an excellent brand of watch . The strap is made in China and the watch machine in Japan . I hope will last many years . Until then . I hope this will be helpful comment .
 This is a really beautiful classy watch . I have several watches but this one in paraticular is my favorite . My husband , after searching several stores , gave me this watch as a gift . Unfortunately while on vacation it was stolen . I was so relieved to find the exact same watch , at a very reasonable price , to replace it . I wear it as often as I can . It 's dressy but also sporty and very unique .
 It is a pretty good locking watch . I 've been using it for only 2 weeks .
 A few days ago , at christmas , i got a gift certificate for the Bay , and then today , i went and i thought i was gon na have one beer with my friend andrea , but it turned into two or three , and i went to the bay and i bought this watch and some pyjamas , and i think this watch is the best except it 's too big and now i have to go back to the bay and get it resized but the nice man said that would be free and i 'll be down around there tomorrow anyways so what the hell .
 I did n't buy this watch from amazon , but I own it and it is absolutely gorgeous and works fabulously . It comes with about an 8 , maybe 8.5 inch wrist-band , so it should fit most women . It really is beautiful ! I highly reccomend this watch for any woman who loves simple , modern yet classy jewelry .
 I bought this watch through Watchgrabber . First of all , lightning fast delivery . Secondly , a very elegant watch , excellent gift for any lady . The watch looks good for everyday use as well as a nice accessory for a special events . Found a little surprise inside of the box ; a pair of stud earrings to match the watch . Genuine packaging and owners manual all in the box.Would strongly recommend for anybody who is looking for a gift for a special lady .
 I was happy to receive my watch in a very timely manner . For the most part I was very pleased with my purchase . I was a bit disappointed the diamonds did n't show up a little better , but over-all it is a keeper .
 I have searched high and low for this watch . Went to every known department store and every Jewelry store within 50 miles of my home . I did Find it here for considerably less that what I was willing to pay even ! What a Deal!My transaction & delivery went without a hitch . I am more than satisfied with everything !
 The watch was great and I was very impressed at how quickly I received it during the holidays.Kudos .
 Got this several years ago as a gift & still get many compliments . Classic design & it 's held up really well .
 This watch is great . My wife still has n't seen it but I know she will love it . At a retail store here in South Florida , the same watch was going for $ 288 . For this online price , it is truly a bargain !
 Oh I love it . Love it . It looks like a thousand bucks . I bought it as a wedding present , and I might have to get myself one sometime.The diamonds are tiny , but it looks great . Mother of pearl dial , golden band , small in size ... gorgeaus .
 I bought this watch a few weeks ago , and so far I love it . The only difficulty I 've had with it is a stiff clasp . Once or twice I 've needed help to get it off my arm , but it is getting easier to unclasp every day.This watch is simple and stylish , but elegant and it goes with everything .
 It 's very sleek and stylish , the diamonds are encased in the watch which keeps it sparkling -LRB- which I prefer than diamonds on the outside that you ca n't clean -RRB- .
 I bought this for my mom last year and she loves it ! She 's had it for a year now and it still looks new -LRB- granted she takes good care of it -RRB- but it 's a nice watch and I got it at a good price .
 This watch looks great on my wrist . The size and weight of the watch reminds you of a man 's watch , but the face of the watch has an iridescent dial that changes from pink to white which gives it feminine appeal . I 'm glad that I selected it . I 've certainly received compliments on the unusual styling .
 I do n't know what problem the previous reviewer had , but I live in Florida , which is a very long way from Fort Collins , Colorado , where the radio station broadcasts the atomic time signals is located , and the watch works perfectly . Watching it set itself the first time was super cool . It sets both the analog and digital displays simultaneously . It is n't too big either - the watch is no larger than any other watch . A GREAT deal at $ 50 ! Looks much more expensive than $ 50 as well -LRB- especially the black one that I have -RRB- .
 Following some of the manual instructions can be time consuming , but I find this true with most digital display watches . I have no problem with the automatic timekeeping , or it 's size . I bought it for the many time zones that are available . Watching it change time according to the national or international city of choice , is a real treat . The dual analog/digital combo was a plus for me , since I still prefer the classic style and appearance of analog watches . I chose and favor the red face dial . A very handsome watch .
 I was looking for a watch that had both a digital and analog readout that was easy to read at a glance . Was expecting to pay alot more for a watch that looks this nice . The sync signal function was easy to set-up and it is always accurate because it syncs every night . I find myself re-setting all of the other clocks to the time on my watch because I know it is correct . Overall I would recommend this product .
 This watch is excellent for people who want to get the most out of the watch while keeping it casual and simple , not sportish and bundled . Backlight , alarm , world time , stopwatch , and , of course , the atomic time keeping are some of the features found on this watch . One little inconvenience that is worth mentioning
 This watch has a great classy red-maroon somewhat deep metallic color that just does n't come through online or in photos . The deep blue version is very nice , but trust me - I have both - the red is a touch classier and more unique . More people ask me about it than any other watch I 've had . Also , as far as the atomic time syncing
 Everything went well . Product arrived on time and was as described . Happy with both product and service .
 My fiance ' loved the watch that I purchased for him ! The only thing I did n't like is the fact that the watch band can not be made to fit . Some of the links should have been made to take out . Other than that the watch was GREAT !
 I bought the watch for my son for Christmas . We live in the Fraser Valley of British Columbia , mountains all around us , and he had no problems receiving the signal . It is a very nice watch , he said that he likes how it feels on his wrist and does n't even want to shorten it . it is a best buy !
 This is a great product ! The dial is a great , rich red color , and my husband loves it !
 I bought this watch about 6 months ago , and I absolutely love it ! Everything works as suggested , including picking up the radio signal to calibrate the watch . I 've received several comments about the look of the watch ... People really seem to like it . This watch would be worth $ 80 or more , so to pick it up for such a great price has been a steal . Highly recommended !
 This thing works just fine and it 's fun to watch the hands sweep around to the correct time when you first set it to your home city . However , the watchband is a throwback to the 50s . I 'm going to have to take it to a jeweler to get it sized !
 The instruction said the U.S. atomic clock signal is broadcasted from Fort Collin , Colorado , and has a range of 2,000 miles . I live in Hawaii , 3,340 miles away -LRB- according to Google Earth -RRB- , and I was able to receive the signal !!! The first time I tried to receive the signal , I placed my watch just inside my balcony window . The watch appeared to receive a weak signal , but it eventually failed to reset my watch . I was disappointed and thought the waveceptor feature does not work in Hawaii ... I tried again , this time , I went to the edge of my balcony , and the watch received a strong signal , and reset my time within a few minutes !!! Besides keeping time , this watch is good looking . The red face is a nice muted tone , not bright , classy . The white arms are extermely easy to see with the red background . Recommended for anyone who wants a everyday watch.Pros :1 . Atomic watch works in Hawaii2 . Analog and Digital time3 . World time -LRB- just reset the city and watch the hands sweep to the correct time -RRB- 4 . Good looking5 . Easy to read6 . Light weight -LRB- also see below -RRB- Cons :1 . The face is made of plastic which could scratch . It has been 3 weeks , still like new , no scratches .2 . You need to resize the band yourself . I had no problem with a small tool I bought . You need to push out a pin between the links . Look at the ends of the pin , the side that is rounded is the side you push , the side that is split is the wrong side .3 . The watch is light weight , does not feel substantial , but is also an advantage .
 A great watch to have ! It is nice when the time changes for Daylight Savings , and I do n't have to do a thing !!!
 Cordial Saludo!Este reloj vale la pena , su estilo es muy elegante y el color resalta el pulso brillante que tiene . Los numeros son grandes por lo cual no hay que esforzar la vista e lugares poco iluminados y siempre esta a la hora .5 estrellas!Gracias por su atencion .
 The instruction said the U.S. atomic clock signal is broadcasted from Fort Collin , Colorado , and has a range of 2,000 miles . I live in Hawaii , 3,340 miles away -LRB- according to Google Earth -RRB- , and I was able to receive the signal !!! The first time I tried , I placed my watch just inside my balcony window . The watch appears to receive a weak signal , but it eventually failed to reset my watch . I was disappointed and thought the waveceptor feature does not work in Hawaii ... I tried again , this time , I went to the edge of my balcony , and the watch received a strong signal , and reset my time within a few minutes !!! Besides keeping time , this watch is good looking . The red face is a nice muted tone , not bright , classy . Recommended for anyone who wants a everyday watch.Pros :1 . Atomic watch works in Hawaii2 . Analog and Digital time3 . World time -LRB- just reset the city and watch the hands sweep to the correct time -RRB- .4 . Good looking5 . Light weight -LRB- also see below -RRB- Cons :1 . The face is made of plastic which scratches easily .2 . You need to resize the band yourself . I had no problem with a small tool I bought . You need to push out a pin between the links . Look at the ends of the pin , the side that is rounded is the side you push , the side that is split is the wrong side .3 . The watch is light weight , does not feel substantial , but is also an advantage .
 Todo muy bien . LLego muy rapido y bien . El reloj muy bueno y muy fiel a las imagenes que se ven en la pagina .
 The watch arrived quickly and was pretty , but the packaging was very disappointing . Box was ripped and somewhat crushed upon arrival .
 This is a nice watch for a semi-formal use ; It can be use for a party or to work with , wonderful looking and it is lighter than others of the same type . For me , nothing better for the price vs looking of it .
 My watch came in the correct amount of time . It is a beautiful watch , really nice quality . Would recommend this to anyone who wants a classic stylish watch .
 I love this watch and am very happy with my purchase . It reminds me of the styling of the Cartier Tank Francaise watch . The design is clean and classic and will go with anything from jeans to a little black dress . Choose this watch and you will not regret it!I have very small wrists and had to take a few links out , but I 'd rather do that than have it come too small . Also , I 'll be able to add those links back if I ever need to . Most high-end jewelers will remove the necessary links at no charge . My watch was wearable in a matter of minutes !
 As usual , when you purchase online you never know what the product will be in person . I was very pleased with the watch . In fact I wear it everyday . I have received many compliments on it . It is also quite big , but this is okay since I prefer bracelet-type watches .
 The watch is beautiful in person ... it also has good weight to it . Highly recommend .
 I bought this watch two or more years ago and have worn it almost every day . I 've had to replace the battery once . The face of the watch became quickly quite scratched -LRB- disappointing -RRB- , but otherwise it has held up well and works nicely both with casual and professional clothing .
 Great watch . I 've had it for several months , and it works great . Love the loose-fit , sophisticated style .
 This item was received quickly and packed well . This was a Christmas gift so timing was important . The only negative thing was the watch was already running . Typically when they 're brand new they have a piece of plastic holding the stem out to keep it from running .
 I bought this for my wife 's birthday . She wanted a one-tone metal rectangular watch with a second hand . This fit the bill , it is a nice watch that is quite attractive and solid , and not extravagant or frivolous . My wife was really happy to receive this watch and wears it every day .
 Really good watch , come in a nice gucci box . Look great , the quality seems to be great , the battery is working really well . They are for a small wrist , but for me ideally they could be just a bit smaller . What I love about these watches is that the every watch is unique , due to the natural materials . This one looks nice in casual and dressy styles . Would be a fabulous gift.The price is unbeatable , by the way . Love it : ^ -RRB-
 This is my favorite watch . I love how tiny it is , yet the face is still very easy to read .
 Love this watch . I have been wearing the gold version for 3 yrs ; it always brings compliments . It is durable for daily wear and the tiny face really is big enough to see .
 The watch is wonderfol !!! This is my favorite watch ! I wish i could effort it in gold ! All my friends and even strangers pay attention to it and ask me where i got it and how much I paid . Thank you ! Natasha M
 This is now my favorite watch I love it . The dial is super tiny and the watch band is actually more like a bracelet and very delicate . It keeps time great . The band can fit a big wrist or a very tiny wrist and the links are easy to remove . I 'm probably gon na buy this watch in gold as well . It is the tiniest watch I have ever seen . I would most definitely recommend this watch .
 tiniest watch I 've seen , I love it . I wish I could find the gold version . these days when women 's watches are so big , I 'm so happy I found the tiny gem.Laura from Texas
 quick service , love this watch . however , had to remove 4 links for my smaller wrist . looked up ` how to remove watchband links ' and searched until I found the correct bracelet . it was a little difficult and did take awhile . handy hint , put the watch on something padded , and press down really hard in the area indicated . once i did this it went a lot quicker .
 I like bulovas style n I got this for my mom she liked it n said she get compliments about this watch
 I got it years ago , I am still using it , it is awesome , maybe it is a little bit small but I do n't need glasses to see the time , if you are over 40 and use reading glasses like me , you still can see the time.thank you
 The watch was exactly as pictured on Amazon . I wanted a two tone watch that was loose on my wrist but not a bangle . The time is easy to read without having a large face and band . Water resistance is a plus . It is not overly hard to fasten but stays closed . The watch 's construction is smooth and does not catch on my clothes . I am very satisfied .
 I bought this watch for my ten year old daughter , and it was perfect . What also helped in my purchase was the review by one of the customers saying that the watch is tiny size and it was just what I was looking for her . It is such a classy watch it is just perrrrrrfect !!! Thanks Amazon for your great prompt service also . I am very very very happy with my purchase weeeeepeeeeee !!!!
 This watch is very nice and classy , my mom is very happy with it !! She loved it !! The size is just about right , not that small and not big at all , great !!
 I got this for my wife for her birthday . She likes two tone jewelry and this really caught my eye . It is not too big and not too small . It worked on her small arms great . The dial is really easy to read and very attractive with the pearl type face . She was thrilled with it . I was too , especially for the price . You ca n't go wrong with this watch .
 This is the perfect watch for anyone that like to mix and match silver and gold . Would purchase a Bulova watch again .
 I bought this for my mom for mother 's day . It was a great gift ! Classy but not too flashy ! It was just exactly what I was looking for . The face is n't HUGE which is the style now , big face watches are in but of course my mom is more conservative so she loved it !! I 'm very happy that she loved it !! Great purchase and it came just in time : -RRB-
 This is a gift for my mom on Mother 's Day . Watches have always been a fancy for women and they consider it as a fashion accessory . This particular piece I picked from Amazon the Bulova women 's white patterned bracelet watch is definitely a jewel . The metal strap comes in a bi-metal design a blend of silver and gold in the shape of tiny hearts . The dial is oval in shape to add grace to the uniquely designed strap.Another worthwhile feature of the watch is that it comes in full Arabic numerals which is hard to find and this gives it a classic look . To top it all the watch is both scratch and water resistant .
 Bought this for Mother 's day and my Mom loves it . She likes a bracelet style and she 's does n't have a small wrist so it fit great right out of the box . You 'll have to take some links out if you have a small wrist .
 It has worked great !! This was exactly what I was looking for . Great product at a great price . . Low price but with quality products , fast shipping , nice communication.Do recommand this seller .
 This was a gift for my wife for Christmas . It 's not too fancy and not too casual , just right for what she wanted . Had to remove two links in order to get it to fit correctly , but that was pretty easy . Nice looking watch . I paid $ 30-40 more than it 's selling for today - grrrrrr - so for $ 83 it would be a great deal .
 I purchased this watch as a gift for my wife . I read the good Amazon Ratings for this product and found these ratings to be accurate . A local Jeweler took a link out of the band for a perfect fit . My wife has had this watch for two months and still loves it .
 I love this watch that I got my wife for her birthday . The only problem I have is that you have to go to a jeweler to get the band adjusted . It apparently challenged the jeweler as it took a good half hour to remove 4 links but it 's is as much a beautiful bracelet as it is a watch .
 Got this for my wife for Christmas . She Loved It ! She loves 2 tone jewelry and this fit her style perfect . Watch was flawless and packaged wonderfully -LRB- and my daughter got such a kick out of the little pillow the watch was placed around ! -RRB- My only real complaint was that there were no directions for re-sizing . Thankfully I had read the reviews and knew enough to take it to a jewelry store -LRB- ok I tried to do it myself first - but soon realized that it was WAY beyond my ability , requiring specialized tools -RRB- and for $ 10 they re-sized it in about 45 mins . -LRB- it was Christmas eve as we exchanged gifts the night before -RRB- . All in all I 'm thrilled , my wife is thrilled , and my daughter is thrilled -LRB- with her cool little pillow -RRB- .
 Loved the reviews of this watch and it is very beautiful . It is a dainty watch which looks good on a small wrist and the colors go well with anything . My beef was the usual when it comes to getting a watch , the band is always too big . Living in a small rural town with no jeweler shop and 100 miles from the nearest one , I could n't get the links taken out so regretfully returned the watch to Amazon .
 Love the watch and love the price . The bracelet is a bit too big , but I 'll have it shortened . Delivery was lightning quick , and the watch was securely packaged . Ca n't ask for more than that . In future , will do business with Imperial Watch again . Thank you so much .
 I had been looking for a ladies watch that has the two colors , silver and gold together . I also require a watch that is water resistant , too . I found the perfect watch when I discovered this Bulova . The Bulova name was familiar to me because my grandfather always bought Bulovas for their quality . The styling of this watch is classic , and I have recieved so many compliments on it . The silver actually has a beautiful pewter tone to it , which adds a rich look to the bracelet . My jeweler removed four links to size it for me , and I wear this watch everyday . It is working perfectly and compliments whatever color jewelry I wear . I love the open design of the bracelet , and the easy read watch face , that has ALL of the numbers . Amazon had the best price , too . In my opinion , this watch is a `` perfect purchase '' .
 I read the reviews and was a little nervous about buying this . Some said it is too small , one said that the face was the size of her pinky nail ... I have to say , maybe it was a man who wrote the review because the watch face is DEFINITELY NOT the size of MY pinky nail . It 's easy to read , easy to wind with my fingers -LRB- and I cut my nails down -RRB- , and I was worried , too , that it would be too small . People 's reviews are strange . I have to take out about three links because now it is like a bangle . I 'll take a pic of it on my wrist and include it in this review . It is a very pretty watch and if you do n't get it , it makes me happy because then my watch will be more original . :-RRB- Oh , and I think they raised the price since I bought it - perhaps it 's getting popular already .
 From store retailers to online catalogs , I spent a fair amount of time searching for a substantial birthday present for my best friend . I 've been wanting to get her a watch for awhile ever since her first one broke down on her . I was looking for a replacement that was both elegant and petite . Eventually I found my way to this Bulova watch , which fit the bill for all the characteristics I was looking for with a surprisingly affordable price -LRB- 81.82 at the time of purchase -RRB- . While I ca n't recall how long it took for me to receive the watch from Amazon , the product itself was just as impressive to behold in person as it was in the website 's gallery . The face is very easy to read with all the hours clearly marked . The heart-shaped links might be sappy/quirky for some , but definitely makes the watch look much nicer while adding a unique touch . The Bulova watch is incredibly beautiful , a trait that I wanted to match to it 's owner.A word of caution to others who are considering purchasing this product , this watch is very small ! If you thought it looks small in the pictures , it 'll look even smaller once you open the box . If it were n't for my long fingernails , the latch would have been a little bit more difficult to pull open . It 's not much of a headache , but beware . For my friend 's case however , it was perfect . In terms of fit , my friend has a fairly small wrist , so it worked out well for her . Although I did have it re-sized to about five links less prior to giving it . Even for something this small , I was also able to have a meaningful message , albeit concise , custom-engraved on the back of the watch . Overall , this is an exceptional watch that looks really nice , is easy to read , and has an unbeatable price . It might not be luxury , but it certainly made a huge smile on my best friend 's face .
 I actually was offered this as a replacement for a watch ordered that was out of stock and am I glad ! This watch is so much prettier than the one I was going to get and the price was great -LRB- it was on sale -RRB- . I bought it as a Christmas gift for my adult daughter and she loves it . She wears it all the time . Anyone looking for a pretty watch with both gold and white tones should buy this one . I would definitely buy it again .
 This is a stylish watch ; it looks very delicate , and at the same time it 's very easy to read -LRB- it has the numbers -RRB- The big plus for me
 I bought this watch for my girlfriend on Valentines day and she went crazy for it . It is a beautiful time piece and I only paid $ 90.00 for it and its a Bulova which to me is on par with Rolex . It comes extra big so you can take out a few of the hearts to keep them even . I suggest ever man buy this watch for the woman in your life .
 I presented this watch to my Mom on my parents anniversary . A very stylish watch that compliments with all dresses that she wears . We 'd to remove one band piece to adjust to her wrist . . a smaller wrist might require 1-2 more pieces to be removed . just an fyi .
 I purchased this watch as a present for my sister and she loves it , never takes it off and has had no problems with it . She even does the dishes with it on . It is quite large and she had to have several links taken out .
 I love heart jewelry , and this watch is perfect for dress up and casual occasions . I 'm very pleased with it and ca n't wait to show it off to everyone when I wear it !
 If you are looking for a simple , elegant watch , this is a good choice . It is slim , but heavy weight so it feels solid . Perfect for business and nights out - not so good with casual attire .
 I was looking for a watch with mixed metals and traditional stying and this was the first one that came up on my search . I loved it , but it was more than I wanted to pay . I continued my search online and in stores and never saw anything else that compared in my mind . I finally saw it in a local store and tried it on and examined it up close and personal . It was way over my budget there at the list price of $ 165 , but I still loved it best of all.Prices change all the time on Amazon , so kept watching it until it came down to less than half of list price and nearer my desired range and then bought it . I 've had it almost a year now , wear it everyday and am still in love ! It 's beautiful , it keeps perfect time , goes with my other jewelry worn every day . The only con is that the band was a little too large for my wrist , but that was easily adjusted at a local watch repair shop . It is definitely worth the money even on a tight budget .
 Valentines day gift for my wife . She is extremely fussy and has rejected the last 3 watches I tried to get her , as she wanted something similar to her old which had a TINY -LRB- like half inch diameter -RRB- face and boxy . This turned out to be both petite and elegant , and she loved it . Did not come with any instructions on removing links -LRB- nor any extras -RRB- , so took it to local jewelers , for $ 10 and 10 minutes worth every penny they removed 4 links and it fit perfectly !
 Very pretty , cute , bracelet watch . Would be a really nice graduation gift . I love it because while its a bracelet watch its not too big and getting in the way . Is a real nice fit . The dial of mother of pearl is beautiful . All in all for the price , a wonderful value .
 Nice watch a Bulova shipping was fast . The only gripe I have is it is very hard to get the pins out to re-size the watch band . I had to go buy a special tool to push the pins our , or go to a jeweler and pay them to re-size it .
 Initially , i was quite skeptical picking it up , but i will say it paid off because my wife loved it when she saw it .
 My wife loved the watch ! It looks great , and is a beautiful piece of jewelry as well as a nice watch .
 This is a beautiful , quality ladies wrist watch . The bracelet is long enough to fit a large wrist , so if you intend to size it yourself , you will need a special toolSE Watchband Link Remover Tool .
 The watch is as advertised . Nothing fancy just a nice looking watch to wear when you do n't want to look like a jock . It could even pass in the evenings . Of course , ladies are not suppose to wear watches in the evening .
 To buy this gorgeous watch ! I love gold and silver combined . The colors are beautiful.This watch is very classy . I went to Macy 's and had 3 links removed for free .
 Just what my wife wanted , a two tone gold and silver watch with a link band . I had to remove 4 links as her wrists are small but she loves the watch.While the dial is small , all numbers show , not like her previous one with only every other number .
 My watch has a gold and silver bracelet type band so it blends with either color jewlery . The band is very comfortable and easily could be made smaller to fit my wrist . Now I am on time for appointments since the watch works perfectly . It is a good value for the money . Purchased at Amazon.com
 Bought this watch for my wife who has very small wrists . For $ 10 she was able to get a few links removed at the jeweler and now it 's the perfect size . She absolutely loved it ! Nice combination of silver and gold makes it work with a variety of outfits . She is able to use it as an everyday watch at work . Really nice piece that looks even more expensive than it is .
 I bought this as a Christmas gift for my wife . She really enjoyed the style of the watch . She also appreciated the easy-to-read face -LRB- This was a MAJOR factor in the purchase -RRB- . My only regret is that Amazon offered this watch for almost $ 20 less a few days later ! : -LRB-
 I really love my new watch . The gold and silver go with everything and the numbers are easy to read . I had to have a link taken out and it now fits fine .
 I am completely satisfied with my new Bulova fashion watch . It is good to see some companies still make elegant , quality ladies watches .
 I bought it as a gift and it is being loved . So I am happy . I particularly liked the dual tone metal strap which looks very elegant and contemporary . Also the white dial gives a white-powdered-crystal like appearance which looks excellent . The price is reasonable . I only wish this thing was something like citizen eco-drive which never needs a battery change .
 HiI bought this watch as a gift . It looks really great.And functioning properly.But while reading booklet i noticed a warning label for california proposition 65 which says `` WARNING
 I love this watch . It fits perfectly , I love that there are numbers on the face . The face is bright and easy to read . I love that it is gold and silver to match everything !!
 I 've been buying Bulova for several gifts and personal use this year , the brand is excellent , the quality and the style are a unique combination . I highly recommend this watch !
 I was more than happy with this watch - A hell of a lot nicer than I would have ever guessed - For the cost , this was a great buy - It 's not a Rolex but WOW it 's a nice watch - It is a nice watch - it is a nice watch - Do you think I believe it 's a nice watch
 I 've owned many different watches from many different brands in my lifetime - Burberry , Bulova , Casio , Timex , Eclisse & several more . I 've paid up to $ 400 for a watch , but found that did n't guarantee me getting either accurate timekeeping nor proper fit . I 'm a woman with a 7 '' wrist -LRB- approx . 1/2 to 1 '' larger than an `` average-sized '' woman with thinner wrists -RRB- , so I 've often been stuck choosing leather - or rubber-strapped watches due to their more flexible sizing ability . I desperately wanted a new watch with a metal band that I would n't have to go get sized , though , so I decided to look at mens watches instead of ladies . I 'm glad that I did.I wanted either a rectangular or square face , something that would go with either white gold or sterling silver jewelry & most of my outfits . I did n't have a lot of money to spend but needed a watch from a reliable brand . This fits the bill very well . I 'd say it 'd fit up to a 7 & a 1/2 '' wrist nicely - anymore than that , and you 'd probably have to add links . I can fit one finger completely through the back of my wrist when this watch is on , to give you an idea of how it fits someone of my size . It 's not tight up against my wrist , but I did n't want it to be - I wanted it to look just slightly `` bracelet-style '' without being so loose it 'd fall off my hand , and that 's exactly how this fits me . It 's comfortable even while being worn as a full-time student & worker who uses the computer at least six hours a day , every day.The watch came with protective sheets of easily-removed clear plastic , both on the face & the band . The band is n't adjustable as is , but it 's very easy to remove or put on -LRB- no ruining your nails over this one , if that 's a concern -RRB- . I 'm glad it came in protective sheeting , because the inner plastic ring that the watch is wrapped around in it 's packaging had broken in two , leaving very jagged edges of loose plastic floating in the package along with the watch . The box it came in was not padded & it showed in the broken packaging . I 'm glad I was n't giving this as a gift , because the presentation was ruined . However , since it caused no damage to the watch , I 'm not going to complain too much . The links & face came to me looking flawless & unscratched , after all.This watch is on the beefier side . A petite woman or small man might feel too overwhelmed by it . As I 'm a big & tall woman who wears full makeup , plenty of jewelry , dressier clothes & a nice handbag when I go out , I do n't mind that . It 's sleek looks will work well for either a gentleman or a full-figured lady who wants a watch that 'll transition from day to evening activities nicely . There 's no date on this watch , so remember to keep that in mind if that feature is very important to you .
 Product is excellent . Unfortunately , watch arrived a week after a birthday . I do n't understand why it took two weeks to ship an item as small as a ladies watch .
 everything functions perfectly as it says , nice that there are different wrist bands . Perfect for the gym or running or whatever is all you need is the time . However , its slightly hard to see at times , and there is no stop watch or timer or anything , just the time and date . It was also kinda hard to set the time and date , but its perfect for me .
 pleased overall - ordered 2 - one for myself one for gift . Both happy with product to this date .
 I am very happy with this watch . I use it daily for work in a business environment . It has an easy to read dial and keeps accurate time . The metal band is adjustable . A great gift for $ 50 . It comes ready for wrapping , packaged in a Fossil box .
 Service excellent . Had to return product due to duplicate ordering by a family member . Returned with no problems .
 The watch is easy to read and the bracelet is very stylish .
 I travel throughout the US every other week . Needed something other than a pouch to hold my precious jewelry . This is perfect for those 2-3 day get aways . It 's about the size of a stack of 25 blank Cd 's in a diskette . Which is perfect for traveling and can fit easily into your carry on luggage . The only thing it does not carry sufficently are bracelets that are non collapsable , meaning a solid ring . Also not too crazy about the mini-purse look , but for the price and purpose it works .
 attractive every day watch.it keeps good time.i like that it is two tone because it goes nicely with brown or black.it is water resistant .
 I bought myself one of these watches from another source about two years ago . It immediately became my favorite watch of all time . I have never had a watch that fit me so perfectly . It is light weight , is a little loose on my arm , but not too loose , just the way I like it and is a beautiful watch all around . I wear it for everyday and I wear it when I am dressed up . I love it so much that when I found them available on Amazon.com and ordered one for my husband for his birthday this year , I also ordered myself another one . I am so afraid I might lose my orginal one that I wanted a backup ! I have had no problem with my old one , whatsoever . It has the same battery that came in it , it keeps perfect time and is just a beautiful , functional watch . I would not hesitate to recommend it to anyone .
 Was a pleasant/smooth purchase received promptly as advertised ! This elegant watch was brand new void of any defects ! Thanks !
 Suffice to say a Pierre Cardin is not in OMega or Longine 's class , but for AU$ 37 it is a bloody good buy . . Such watch in any retail jeweller would fetch over $ 250 , and even with OS postage added , such buy under $ 100 is a good value for money buy ... The watch looks elegant enough and indeed functional , and despite the fact I will probably not wear it and give it away or even swap it in anothe deal means little . . Fact is value for money it was a very good buy . Two weeks ago I bought another watch via Amazon via Isabel . . as a second hand watch for AU$ 170 of the Wittnauer brand Bulova cousins . Considerting this watch is supposedly $ 995 RRP , to buy it for this price assuming it looks as good as it does in the picture indeed this will be a superior value for money buy , and this watch I will be proud to wear .
 I bought this watch as a gift for a friend on his birthday . . and yes he like it too much and really look good on his hand . The diamond is hard to see but anyone can tell it 's an expensive watch .
 nice watch looks great runs well , the only problem with this purchase , was that the instruction manuel was missing there is a slab under the watch box where it usually goes giving info on the watch , it was missing .
 I bought the watch as a gift and it is a nice atch . Problem was it died in 2.5 months . When I sent it in to the manufacturer I was told that the batter ws dead and that it shoud have a 2 year life at least , and it was likley `` old '' stock so the battery was old . I was then charged $ 15 for a new battery and $ 10.50 to ship it back ! That is not including the initial cost for me to ship it to the manufacturer . Amazon did offer to send me a new watc , but I turned that down . My fear was that I get another watch about to die from older stock and then in 3 months I am forced to spend money again to replace it . If that happens then I am out over $ 60 in 6 months for nothing ! No.They did -LRB- Amazon -RRB- decide to issue a $ 30 credit to my account , which makes up for the cost to me . I do thank them for that . : -RRB- It is a good watch , just make sure you know about the possible battery issue .
 This is a sturdy , but sweet looking watch at the same time . Very elegant . Keeps good time too .
 The picture does not do it justice ! The watch was very beautiful at a price that was below my Timex from Wal-mart if you can believe that ! Now I have something nice to wear when I want to look a little more put together . . great price for a very beautiful classic !!
 This watch exceeded my expectations ... a simple , yet classy look . I did n't want anything to fancy , but I wanted to be able to wear it out at night and this is perfect ! The only thing I wish it had was illuminated dials so I could see the time in the dark . For the price , it was a steal .
 i think it is a lovely watch for the money.the braclet is very well made.it looks pretty on the wrist.i love the mother of pearl dial.the diamond accents give it distinction.when you wear it you feel like a million bucks .
 I was very hesitant to purchase this watch without actually trying it on . It sounded to good to be true & I thought it might look cheap & tacky . I 'm happy to say that it 's a beautiful watch with a very rich but comfortable looking band . It 's a great deal & I doubt anyone would think it 's a $ 70 watch .
 Price was good and my wife enjoyed her gift for anniversary . I can recommend decision to buy this watches .
 This watch is really value for money and it 's presentable . I got this watch for my girl friend 's mum and she is please with it and she starts using it since then .
 I have had this watch for over a year now , and still enjoy wearing it . The design is so attractive , the size is perfect , and the real diamonds are wonderful ! It is easy to read and keeps perfect time . Would definitely recommend this one .
 the watch was smaller than i thought but still it looks very elegant and classy for a woman . i got it on sale so i dont regret what i paid.fully recommend the watch .
 do n't know it 's original or not , but anyway , the girl who receive the watch love it .
 I bought this for my daughter who is in nursing school . She loves it , and it has all of the features she needs . She said it is a beautiful watch and she is the envy of the other nursing students .
 Alors , je l'ai choisie comme cadeau pour notre anniversaire de mariage . Elle la porte en toutes nos sorties sp&eacute;ciales . Je pense que c ' &eacute;tait une bonne choix .
 I have worn this almost non-stop since receiving it . I have a complexion which does not work with silver/white gold , and that seems to be the popular metal configuration right now , and I was overjoyed to find a watch that would work for me . This watch with the gold band has gotten many compliments from the very first time I wore it . I love that the numbers are large - I wear a tri-focals - and I can see them without my glasses . The watch was also quite a bargain , and I signed up for the extended warranty , too . Ca n't beat that !
 Es un reloj muy lujoso con un buen descuento , tiene el tama & ntilde ; o adecuado para la mano de una mujer , no es un reloj peque & ntilde ; o ni grande , los detalles dorados son muy finos , el brazalete es de cuero real y el color del mismo es muy lindo y brillante , tiene una perla en la perilla de ajuste que le da un lujo muy superior , el brazalete tiene muchos ajustes por lo que se adapta a cualquier mano de una mujer promedio , recomiendo 100 % este producto .
 The G-shock is a revered brand of tough-going Casio watches . This particular model is new -LRB- indeed , I could n't find a single detailed review anywhere on the Internet -RRB- , and sports some interesting features that are a departure from the conventional G-shock styling and feature set . For example , the design . The G011D is a combination analog-digital that aims to offer the best of both worlds . Naturally , there are compromises . The two digital displays are rather small , the equivalent of reading 7-9 pt font in a standard printout . In this black faced model , the LED readouts are white ; they are easily read in direct sunlight , but difficult to read in the low light conditions . The watch does have a tiny LED light situated between the 35 and 40 minute positions , and although this light is handy for providing a brief burst of rather intense illumination -LRB- 3 sec max -RRB- , it does not allow one to easily read in particular the more informative right digital frame . Moreover , the LED light is yellow -LRB- like a sodium lamp -RRB- ; I would have preferred white . Though obvious , it is worth mentioning that the analog minute hand covers up each of the digital portals when promixal , meaning that these features are n't legible for about 15 min out of each hour . The hour and minute hands are painted with phosphor , and they glow brilliantly in the dark without any active illumination . But the hands themselves strike me as flimsy , a stark contrast with the rest of the watch.Most G-shocks are big watches . I picked this one because I like the idea of the LED illumination , the analog-digital combination , the dressier appeal , and the smaller face -LRB- I have small wrists -RRB- . It is thick -LRB- 14.7 mm -RRB- , but not unreasonably so . It does look nice in a modern sort of way . I really like the timer , stopwatch , and multiple alarm features -LRB- missing in my last watch , a Tag -RRB- , and the security that I can treat it roughly . Operation is a bit clumsy in places , particularly the synchronization of the digital and the analog times -LRB- which is n't automated -RRB- . No word yet on the mineral crystal ; one hopes it can withstand scratches well enough . All in all , I really do like the watch
 Just got the watch - : Dfirst impressionsI wanted a stainless steel watch with dual time capability -LRB- world time mode works well for this -RRB- so i know what time it is in another country ... and this is just perfectNot only is does it feel solid -LRB- like a G-shock -RRB- , it has a very classy design with imformative digital read outs large enoughwithout straining the eye.Alright , lets bullet the point out for this watch : positives :1 . -RRB- The watch was fairly easy to set -LRB- kinda annoying to set the analog though - need to let the hands run around and around -RRB- 2 . -RRB- The band feels fairly solid , like the other brand name watches in the 200-300 range3 . -RRB- its a heavy watch -LRB- I think of this as a positive - im a fairly big guy -RRB- 4 . -RRB- looks great . I bought the white faced one . This thing has a hummer look to it . The white textured background -LRB- not printedon cheap paper -RRB- gives it a whiff of elegance . When the amber lights turn on , looks downright classy .5 . -RRB- most of metal on the watch is not the shiny type , should be fairly scratch resistance6 . -RRB- it is a rare item ; finally a proper stylish metalic G shock - hope it hold up like a G-shock7 . -RRB- LCDs are quite readable -LRB- not sure about the inverse lcds -RRB- negatives -LRB- this is small picky stuff -RRB- 1 . -RRB- when I recieved the watch , there were some scatches like someone just returned it ... :-LRB- . . beware , good thing i was able to buff out most of it2 . -RRB- hands will block out some of the digital readout , but not all of it -LRB- could be read off from an angle -RRB- 3 . -RRB- parts of the back -LRB- framage -RRB- is made out of the type of plastic in plastic g shocks -LRB- not all metal . . oh well -RRB- 4 . -RRB- mechanically intensive -LRB- you can hear it click when u set the analog time -RRB- - might run the battery down fast5 . -RRB- heavy - not light like a seiko ; think of it as a heavy divers watchI was originally planning to buy the Timex one -LRB- the one that was in stranger than fiction , but after checking it out ata store , it just didnt look good -LRB- looks like a regular ole watch with a lcd in the back -RRB- ; this one has style butat double the cost :-LRB- - oh well , lets hope it hold up for a while
 When I was looking for a watch that I could go SCUBA diving in , most of them were > $ 200 and had rubber bands that did not look that nice . This watch not only was very reasonably priced , but looked very nice as well . The crown is a little tall , but for a diving watch is acceptable . All the additional features are very nice , which is mostly just a bonus to me but some may find them more useful . Overall I would definately make this purchase again , if you are not wanting a watch for diving read the specs carefully , it does have a tall face .
 Pros : Metal StrapsUnscratchable Mineral GlassDesign -LRB- Classy yet Sporty -RRB- Luminous HandsCan be used as Urban Weapon : DDurable ConstructionCons : BackLight -LRB- Cant see digital screen @ Night even with light and its yellow :D -RRB- Heavy -LRB- I like it though -RRB- Face Metal can be scratched but can be buffedOverall . . GREAT WATCH!G - Shock for LifeBTW Amazingly Fast Amazon Shipping!UPDATE : Nov 2009I Dropped Watch like 4 feet on a hardwood -LRB- with padding -RRB- ... The Strap broke ... -LRB- the plastic that connects the watch and strap -RRB- its soooo messed up ... now I dont know where to send it for repair ...
 This is a great looking watch , i get compliments on it all the time . Takes a minute to set all the timers but it is a fantastic and beautiful watch for a man to wear for all occassions.Looks much better in person than on the computer screen so if you are looking for a real nice , dependable watch , ths is it .
 This was my niece 's wedding gift for her husband and he just loved them . It was very simple and classic for young business man.Thank you .
 Very well made watch and good value for the money . I bought this for my wife 's birthday - it 's a man 's watch , but she likes the big face -LRB- we 're getting old and it 's hard to see close up -RRB- . She loves it , had it sized by a local jeweler . It was delivered on time as promised .
 I am very happy with this watch and it looks great the only promblem i found was that the links keep on poping open
 The watch is attractive with an easy to read face . I like it because it is what I call a `` bracelet '' style - it is n't tight on my wrist . The gold color is good .
 This was my first gold watch . I only wear white gold so when I started getting yellow gold , I needed a watch . It looks like a bracelet when I wear it , but then when I need it there is a watch too . It looks great with anything . It dresses up my jeans and compliments my suits really well . Whenever I wear gold , I can wear this bracelet .
 I am not disappointed with this purchase . It 's a nice-looking watch and feels comfortable on the wrist . Have n't had any problems with it yet .
 This is a reliable and durable watch . I purchased mine in 1999 and it is still giving me good service . I took advantage of the St. Moritz factory service/warranty extension in 2004 and plan to do so again soon . For a watch of this class , the factory service is well worth the cost to be sure the 100 m depth water resistance is maintained .
 My spouse is an IT consultant but also a farmer/rancher . He puts on a watch as part of his morning ritual and I 've never been able to get him to use one professionally and a different one for chores . This watch was the solution . It goes everywhere but still looks nice for office calls . It truly takes a beating and still looks like a fancy time piece .
 This watch is a great value for the money . It keeps perfect time and most of all looks great . This watch looks like a watch costing several hundred dollars more !
 This Burberry watch is an extremely classic and classy design . With a Genuine Leather band and being Swiss made , you are getting premium luxury at a very affordable price . Anyone who wears a watch , knows that people will always be looking to see what kind of watch you are wearing . This Burberry will guarantee the right kind of positive attention you are looking for without breaking the bank . Great for casual or a day at the office , you will always feel good looking at the time.The leather band costs less money and feels like better quality than the stainless steel band . I 've felt the stainless steel band on this burberry watch and I can almost guarantee that it is lightweight cheap metal . Dont let the higher price fool you into thinking you 're getting more with it or that its `` better . `` Amazon gives you ALL of the packing material that the watch comes in , unlike department stores which throw away what they feel is `` unnecessary . '' When you buy luxury items , you want to have every single piece of packaging that your product comes with and Amazon executes that factor flawlessly .
 I purchased this watch as a birthday gift for my boyfriend and he absolutely loves it . It is a beautiful watch and a great value for the price . It has a very nice leather band and the is a good size . All the original packaging , etc arrived in tact . I was very impressed and highly recommend this watch for the man in your life !
 I gave it to my husband as a wedding gift . He loves it and his friends drooled over it . I was between this watch and the Sturhling ascot watch but I decided went with what I thought seemed better quality plus this one has a second hand and the date . Its a really nice looking watch . The only thing that in my opinion would make it better would be if the face was more thin . But its a great buy for such a stylish watch .
 i love this watch , i didnt buy it online i bought it at a store and got a great deal on it , it is great ive had it for about 6 months now the leather strap is still in perfect condition as well as the face it still shines like the day i bought it .
 I looked for a long time to find a watch which would be a nice piece of jewelry and an accurate time piece . The Momemtum by St Moritz is both a beautiful time piece and keeps accurate time . As it is an automatic wind , I purchased a watch winder for those times I am not wearing it . I am perfectly satified with this watch .
 So Im not a fan of Gold Plate anything and had never really even heard of this company before.The one I purchased was screen worn by Craig Bierko in the movie Scary Movie 4 - I got a really good deal on it , so I bought it.I collect watches ... This watch is awesome . Quality Quality Quality . This automatic keeps excellent time -LRB- It hasnt even been serviced in 6 years -- Ill do that soon-but only to keep it in tip top shape - it doesnt need it -RRB- Im very impressed to say the least . Heavy weight , nice size -- runs like a dream -- keeps better time than my Rolex . I will buy more from this company ... I cant seem to take it off -- it just feels right.Its become my favorite .
 Does n't look like all the others , and , for a spouse who wants to read the watch without the glasses , it fills the bill .
 Got this watch last Christmas and started using it on all of my runs . The top mounted heart rate monitor button is very convenient to access while on the go . It usually takes just a few seconds for your heart rate to be calculated and displayed . The plastic wrist band is also nice and comfortable and does n't soak up sweat like my Timex Ironman , which then starts to smell pretty bad after a few months.Unfortunately , I ca n't give this 5 stars . The watch claims to be water resistant down to 30m , but do n't believe that . A couple of hours in the water at the beach killed it .
 Purchased as gift for grandson who was curious about pocket watches . He was thrilled upon receiving ; impressed w / emblem , etc. .
 I bought this watch as a holiday present for my boyfriend , and he absolutely loves how it looks and how well it works .
 I received my beautiful watch for 149 including delivery . It is gorgeous . It even came in a sealed plastic wrap which tells me it has never been opened prior to shipment . Very masculine . I am glad I did not have the problems the previous reviewer did . I too , would be upset .
 I get lots of compliments on this watch . I do wish the hands were just a bit larger or brighter , but the price was great .
 Very nice watch . But , it 's heavy . It 's will be very nice . If , people make it by Titanium , and everything stay at the same -LRB- Seiko Coutura Men 's and Women 's Gold Tone Titanium watch -RRB- .
 Watch is more gorgeous than the photo . The rubies are a dark pink color then a red . The face is easy to read , and the price is perfect . I may have to get the sapphire watch in this same style .
 I am completely satisfied with my recent pocket watch purchase . Thedelivery was quick and the product was just as described . The qualityappears to be good . Time will tell how the watch holds up to wear .
 I just got my pocket watch with the eagle on it today and it came early too . It came in a small package with a golden box with the silver pocket watch and it has that shine to it and its really pretty and i also that eagle as well : - D
 Why is n't Nike making these anymore ? I love this watch , and I get a lot of compliments , questions from people who would like to have one as well .
 allthough it took a long time to receive my refund back because by accident i ordered two watches . the one watch i did want arrived very quickly and in excellent condition.my boyfriend loves it.i would diffently order from amazon again.thanks-sincerely , bellatouch
 I ordered Armitron 204593 -LRB- twice -RRB- from Amazon and neither watch was running when it arrived . So I finally gave up and ordered this one instead , The watch i ordered before was a similar design but had an expansion band . This one has a snap . I had to get two links taked out at a local jewelry repair shop , but they did not have any problem making the band smaller -LRB- cost was $ 8 for the link removal -RRB- . This is a fine looking Movado-like design . I currently have 5 Armitron watches , some as old as 15 years . They all run fine and keep very accurate time , with battery replacement about every 3 years or so . So I am fond of the Armitron brand and expect this watch to be equally reliable .
 I bought two of these watches for my brothers . At first , I was n't quite sure if this is gonnu look the same as in the picture . Trust me . It is just as in the picture . This is a wonderful looking watch . I am gonnu take it abroad as a gift for them . I surely believe they 're gonnu fall in love with this . I showed them over webcam , they liked it so much.And as usual , Amazon delivered the watches on time . They are just perfect as always . I love to shop here . I have been shopping in Amazon for years . I just trust them . The price , the quality and the commitment to customers ... I love it !!!!!!!!! You surely can relax that you are in the right place at the right price !!!
 I love this product would buy it again if it was in the gold tone . So if you need a nice male gift dont think twice .
 This watch is certainly a worthwhile timepiece for those who served our Nation in Vietnam -- I have the U.S. Army version ... the Vietnam ribbon that decorates the watch face is discrete and well-placed so as not to interfere with reading the time . There is a date calendar on the right side which is rather small and hard to read . The band is comfortable ; however , what appears in the product photo to be metallic is actually a facade of metal over a plastic wristband . The band gets quite warm on the arm during hot weather , but it is quite hearty and can withstand the normal wear and tear of daily wearing . All in all , for the price paid , a decent watch that can be worn daily .
 I owned this watch for close to five years and loved it ! I did n't give it a five star rating only because the buttons on the side of the watch eventually wore out . All of them failed over time . I was told by my local jeweler that it 's very common ; the buttons are usually the first thing to go.I noticed on the picture Amazon has posted here that the buttons appear flat . The Michi Tabi I had , the buttons protruded higher and were less flat . Hopefully Pulsar has addressed this issue and these buttons are sturdier and able to withstand years of daily use.The main feature for the metallic version of this watch is its sheer strength . I 'll never forget when I first took it into my jeweler to have the battery replaced . After he changed it , he came back and said , `` Good Lord ! This thing 's built like a tank ! '' They do n't sell Pulsar Spoons where I live , so no one around here is aware it them . He was very impressed!Which is another feature worth noting
 This is a cool watch for a Lady too . Im into funky watches . This is my second spoon watch . and I love this one . This vendor got this one out to me quick fast and in a hurry . If you are looking for a funky cool watch . . that people will stop you and ask you about then get this watch ! Plus it kind of looks like a mini TV ... LOL
 This is a fantastic watch , my husbend loves it . He was looking for this watch for a long time , now i bought for him as a christmas gift . Dispatch was amazingly quick .
 I have owned this spoon -LRB- in red , $ 55 -RRB- for over 4 years now . And , the simple but bold design really draw attention.It is not heavy though it is quite a thick plate and the battery seems to run out in less than a year but it is worth wearing it for any occasion.The only drawback is the surface around the window is a thin paint coating and it can be scratched easily . And , that makes me more conscious of my left hand movement.You will love this design for both men and women -LRB- mine was from a girly shopping website -RRB- but better fit/size for men 's wrist .
 I 'm a real FAN of this SPOON Michi Tabi - a real unique piece of excellent design . In Switzerland not available , makes my Michi Tabi even more special.Buy it - love it!If you use it in bright daylight , white digits wo n't give good contrast ... the only disadvantage of this masterpiece .
 It is attractive and functioned , however it is a little difficult to read at a glance and does not have a light for at night
 I am enjoying having this watch . I love it . I really do . This is a watch to keep .
 when it arrived , it had a dead battery -- SO , I had to invest in a new battery before I could guarantee that the watch was in working order ! Luckily , it was -- and now I happily wear it as my `` go-to '' watch . I love this bangle style -- so comfy !
 I totally love this watch . It is much nicer and more beautiful than I thought when I bought it for a very fair price .
 I love this watch , i use every day , every where , to work , to go to the gym , pool , sports , etc. . Evething , everywhere , all the time . so Good !
 This bright orange zodiac watch is just what I was looking for ... fashionable , funtional , fun , and substantial feeling . No problem with receiving the item in a timely mannor or ordering the item . Thanks !!
 this is the perfect no hassle watch . i wanted a watch that i could exercise in everyday and the band would n't get yuck and can soak in the bath or take a shower without taking off . also , it 's face is not so huge that it looks too big on my chicken bone arm . i wish the night dial were a bit brighter to read , but oh well .
 I love my Movado watches . There is so much `` pop '' type watches out there now that look so ... cheap.Give me a Classic Movado or Tag and you have a life long treasure .
 Very nice looking watch . I paid 5,000 for it in San Diego so this is a great price .
 I bought a Movado Women 's Collection 14K Solid Gold Diamond Watch for my wife in August and my sister kept bugging us for one so we bought her this 14k solid gold Lumeti with the classic Movado Quart movement for her 62nd Birthday and she loves it ! It is not as dressy as Movado 's signature gold and diamond watch with the black face but just as elegant in my opinion . Any recipient of this lovely gift with certainly always think of you when they check their watch for time or when others comment how beautiful their watch is . Good luck and get a Movado for your loved one for the Holidays ! Good luck !!
 Great for playing sports or working out . Its small , it does its job , and comfortable .
 I liked it a lot ! I live in Brazil and here cost + - 150,00 dollar . . very expensive !
 Love my new watch ! Just what I was looking for , but at half the price ! ThankX
 Bought it for my husband , and he gets compliments all the time . Nice design , reasonable price . A winner . The red hand looks cool against the black and white background , art deco design .
 My husband and I have been looking for a nice diamond watch for me for a while . This was by far the best deal for the money and Tag is a quality watchmaker . I have gotten many compliments on it since I got it . Arrived quickly , is heavy and beautiful and keeps perfect time . Ca n't go wrong with this one !
 I bought this as a replacement for one I 'd worn for years , but had not been able to change the battery on . The new one appears to have an easily replaceable battery . It just slips on the wrist -- no buckles , clasps , etc. , so it 's easy to put on in the morning . Would n't wear it for a dress or work occasion , but it 's perfect for casual , everyday use . I have small wrists and the medium is a little big -- would have bought small if it had been offered in the clear plastic -LRB- which has a bluish tint -RRB- but I 'm happy enough with this one .
 I already own 2 TAG watches and was fancying this one for a while ! So when I detected the very attractive price -LRB- $ 1,000.00 less than in Switzerland where it 's manufactured ! -RRB- I did n't have to think twice . It is a rather large watch for a small wrist but it still looks great . If you like a sporty looking watch that is still very feminine then that is the one ! I love it !
 I absolutely love this watch . It is the nicest watch I have ever owned . Despite wearing it every day to work , it has held up wonderfully and still looks brand new . I love the color and the diamonds , they are just enough to dress it up and make it feel feminine , but not over the top to make me feel like it is too dressy to wear as an every day watch .
 The Watch is beautiful and a great bargain for the price . My Dad loves it .
 It does n't get any better then this folks!Lets face it . Solid 18K Gold , precious Diamonds , and a SWISS Quart movement in one beautiful watch ... can not get a better combination then that in my opinion at this value . With gold and diamond prices soaring this beauty will only go higher in price with time.Plus , my Mom might now leave me extra-something special in her Will ... lol .
 Just purchased this locally ... paid 800.00 plus tax ... GRIN WO N'T LEAVE MY FACE FOR DAYS !!!! PAWN SHOP DID N'T KNOW WHAT THEY HAD !!!!!!
 I love my watch . I sell purses and have been obsessed with purses forever ! This watch was very fitting for me . It is beautiful and I can wear it as a watch and a pretty bracelet . I 've recieved many compliments .
 I was thrilled to see a beautiful watch arrive at my home !! It 's got lots of personality , feels wonderful on the wrist , and the best part is that it adjusts to just about any size wrist!I love it , and I will wear it often !
 This is the most glamorous and fun watch I 've ever had . I love that it 's a piece of jewellery as well as a watch . I do n't feel ` dressed ' without it . If you love pretty jewellery and need a watch , this is the purchase for you .
 Looks great - love purses so love the watch . Also love never having to buy a battery . Very happy I found it and bought it . Thank you , Amazon !
 it would have the five stars , but recently the hour hand felt off , but its working properly now ; after i sent it to be repaired .
 I LOVE this watch , and receive many compliments on it every time I wear it . At first glance others see it as a charm bracelet , but are quite enthralled when seeing it is a watch as well . I have similar -LRB- cheaper -RRB- charm bracelet watches , and NONE of them receive the comments and compliments like I have on the this one.I have many watches , and this is my favorite ! I love purses and watches , so this is perfect for me . It adjusts to almost any size wrist , comfortably .
 I absolutely love my new watch/bracelet . It is just gorgeous . And I am really impressed with how quickly my order was processed and dispatched . I received the order in New Zealand 5 days after placing it . Thanks so much Amazon .
 Bought this as a gift . Very well receieved .
 You have Excellent Service , I received my watch overnight and just great service . I have ordered one for my mother today . I must praise you for such out standing service and I love my watch and your service . Thank You Christy , Tennessee - sept 15 , 2006 we still love are eco charm watch and it keeps perfect time even when it is stored in a closed place and love all that we have bought from you also ! The watches are still great and a good bargin and they do look very nice on we wear them all the time ! Thanks for your service .
 The bracelet came in a timely fashion and it was exactly what I expected !
 I received this watch as a gift and am really enjoying wearing it . The face is mother of pearl that changes color depending on what I am wearing . It is a classic and elegant watch . I like the date feature as well .
 Bought this for my wife . The other reviewers are right , the dial is a lot more dark pink/purple than it looks here in the picture on Amazon , so the whole look is much darker/not as light blue/crisp as it appears here.Surprised to see the other review which said this watch is `` big '' , in my opinion it is rather small and in fact is smaller than the rest of my wife 's watches . In either case if size is a concern you should be checking these out in person rather than buying them sight-unseen online , right?Besides the color-change surprise , the watch is quite nice . I notice my wife tends to wear it more than the other watches I 've purchased for her .
 This watch is very nicely designed . The diamond accents are big enough to see and the band is understated . However , the dial is made of mother of pearl . I think this is why it looks different in the picture . The dial is more purple , but has many colors such as greens and reds due to what it is made of . I was concerened that is might have a hard shipping trip . However , mine arrived nicely in its boxs .
 This watch is just what I was looking for -- a watch for all occasions . Much prettier than the picture shows . Keeps perfect time with no battery needed .
 I love this watch . However , It is `` bigger '' than I had thought it would be . And the band is n't as flexible as many . I can not spin it around on my wrist b/c of the band type . Also there is no back light . I am a nurse and in a dark room it is a pain . The number for the date , is super small , and I have great vision , its just small . Hard to read a little number that says `` 6 '' ... is it a 5 , 6 , or an 8 ?? But it is durable . I bang it around all day at work , and it looks new , still has the stones too.beautiful pearl background . I love the shade of blue pearl.Overall I love it , but maybe not for everyday use .
 I bought this watch a few days ago as a gift.When I received the watch I scanned through the manual and found out that this watch is only water resistant to accidental splashing and is not designed to be submerged . This was confirmed by Citizenwatch.comNot good for me since I am buying for a swimmer . Other than that the watch is very nice and it would be perfect if it were actually water resistant to 100m as advertised on Amazon.com
 This is a beautiful watch . Very luxurious . Color is the same as in the picture , unlike last review .
 The watch is beautiful . The face is a little darker than the one in the picture , but it is still wonderful .
 I bought this for my girlfriend and she absolutely loves it . Citizen is the best .
 I gave this watch to my girlfriend . She loves it . I think it really sleek and sporty . A good watch for any occasion . A good gift for a lady if you are ok with spending over $ 100 for a gift . I know thats steep for some people .
 i 've had a citizen watch for years and wanted to get my wife one . this is a nice watch and i like the fact that it is an eco-drive . the face is a bit different than the picture but it still looks nice .
 My husband bought me this watch as an early Christmas gift and I love it ! I work in an office , so the style is perfect for me . The mother of pearl face changes color depending on what I 'm wearing , and the diamonds show up nicely . Great price , too ; I highly recommend it .
 The watch was exactly what I thought it would be from the picture and write up , my wife loves it !
 It was just too good . my Sister loved the present from her bottom of heart . Thanks for puttign a great deal . Thank you Amazon
 I have this one for the last 6 years . I had a problem with the watch -LRB- water got in -RRB- and it was serviced very well.The features it has are great . While traveling , you can change the time zone without losing or gaining a second . The time keeping is excellent . The battery recharges with light . Since I bought it , it was always charged to full . The watch is light and the titanium feel is much better than steel.The things this watch could be improved on are : - The crystal - it reflexes light all around making visibility difficult . It should be flat , sapphire , and anti-reflex on both sides . - The hands should not be able to cover the LCD display . - The night visibility is poor . Should have tritium , and back light . - The face should not be shiny , to avoid reflexions . - The timer should go beyond 90 min . At least 5 hours . - The E6B should have bigger numbers . They are too small to be readable . Also the paint should stay better . - The time zone should be adjustable to 1/2 hours - Alarms should also be able to vibrate . In a plane , because of the noise and headset , the alarm is useless.Despite this list , I am very satisfied with this watch . I did n't find any other to change it for . Perhaps , the Junghans Apollo alarm -LRB- from Europe -RRB- or the Citizen Attesa .
 The watch is the best of the best , but I ordered this from Amazon and they shipped an obvious returned item that was scratched.The cristal was scratched up in two places , the box was broken and the battery was medium charged .
 So far I have been very pleased with this watch . My last three watches were all Movados , which I still own , but I wanted a nice , sporty watch that I could wear every day and not worry about scratching up . Now , my Movados are reserved for dress up , Citizen for jeans and cargos.The watch has everything you could hope for in an every dayer . I can check the time in any city very easily -LRB- I travel a good deal -RRB- , it has multiple alarms which come in handy when traveling . It has a timer which is good when I tell my 21/2 year old that she is on the clock -LRB- you know , two more minutes then we are going upstairs ... Daddy , set the timer -RRB- . Overall , it looks good on the wrist , it has a solid feel to it , has multiple alarms and a timer , has multiple time zones , and as a bonus it even tells you the time . It is also pretty light due to it being titanium . Only negative , it took me a whole plane ride to Minneapolis to get through the instruction book and I still need to refer to it when I want to change something .
 Pros1 . -RRB- Has a calender2 . -RRB- Titanium feels smooth3 . -RRB- Looks slick ? ... duh ? 4 . -RRB- The time zone changing feature is kinda cool . at the press of a button you can switch time zones to any city stored on the watchCons1 . -RRB- bigger than your average watch2 . -RRB- Alarm isnt loud enough to wake you up3 . -RRB- complicated watch !!! what kinda watch ships with a cd ?
 I got this as a gift for my husband last Christmas . He gets compliments on it all the time from his friends and co-workers . It 's a great functional watch and the titanium is lightweight . The face of the watch is not huge and is nicely proportional to the band.My husband likes to look stylish , but he does n't like to stick out - this was the perfect watch for him because it is n't flashy but it is still unique and attractive.If you are planning on giving it as a gift , try to hold back on opening the case for the first time . The watch comes uncharged , so when you open it , it immediately starts charging and winding itself up like crazy - it looks really cool . I realized it was doing this when I opened it up to take a look and immediately shut it so when my husband opened it a few days later he got the experience and really thought it was the coolest thing .
 I really like this watch and it does get the attention of people . It looks very nice to wear and very useful for some one like me who is constantly jet setting around the world.The only reason I gave one star less is that , I travel to countries where there 1/2 time differences and it is absolutely irritating to be able not set the time for that time zone . I have to mentally put myself that the time shown is 1/2 ahead of where I am , but in other places it is exactly the same time . Is n't that dumb that they ignored this feature ? But otherwise , I whole heartedly recommend this watch . I hope Citize comes up with a software patch that I can some how download !!!
 I just received the watch today and I love it . It looks cool and is lighter than you think it would be . I love the fact that it does n't need a battery so I do n't have to worry about that . Whenever my watch battery died , I would use this as an excuse to buy a new battery ... well , since this watch does n't need a battery , I have no excuses to buy a new one . The owners manual is a little hard to get used to at first but is easier to understand after you 've read it a few times . The watch also glows in the dark which is a nice bonus . It also has 3 alarms . The watch is easy to program and it comes preset with most timezones . All I had to do was list my timezone , adjust for daylight savings time , and voila ... it was good to go . It even came with the date preset . All I had to do is wear it . How sweet is that !?!
 I got this watch as a gift and its perfect since i travel a lot around the world.PROS -- definitely recommend the titanium version . this is a big watch and steel could be heavy . worth the 40 $ price diff . - nice clean look -LRB- steel grey -RRB- goes with business and casual attire . - the solar powered battery is great and charging works very well . - Switching analog dial between time zones is real easy . - Two alarms , timer , stop watch etc.CONS : - An annoying quirk is that you can not set time zones that are in 1/2 hr intervals . eg
 My wife bought this watch for my birthday and I 'm very happy with it . I like everything about it , design , features , interface , weight.Greate value for the price !!!
 I bought this item for my husband who is a pilot . Amazon was the best deal around by around a $ 100 . I talked to my husband 's friend who is pilot as well and he said that this is the ultimate pilot watch . My husband loves it but if you need it sized then go to a jeweler who knows what they are doing.My husband told me he wanted a watch that had multiple time zones and zulu time . This has both and much more .
 I love this watch . You get a lot of technology and style for the money . It 's a great travel watch -- the multiple time-zone feature is easy to use , and you can wear it with dress or casual clothes . I like how the digital and analog time are linked , and I always get a kick of watching the hands spin around when I change time zones.There are just a few minor things to be aware of . The watch is heavy on your wrist and it 's difficult for to adjust the metal band to fit smaller wrists , so it slides around a little . It 's easy to hit the buttons inadvertently and change the time zone . And the daylight savings time feature , which has to be set manually for each time zone , is more trouble than it 's worth .
 The styling is very masculine . The buttons on the right side get bumped too easily inadvertently . It is very comfortable to wear . Changing between time zones is an easy adjustment .
 I shopped a great deal before deciding to purchase this watch . Honestly , I have no need for 22 time zones , but the few that apply to the US are very helpful . Style was the main factor that led me to want this particular watch . The price is what led me to purchase from Amazon . Locally , I could n't find the watch priced less than $ 400.00 . Bravo to Amazon for selling at such an attractive and competitive price .
 I 've had this watch for about two years now and its given me no grief ! Superbly accurate , excellent features -LRB- its nice to have a good looking watch without giving up alarms , a timer , world time , and a chronometer.My only complaint is that the crystal did chip and the titanium can scratch . But it 's my daily wear watch and I 've subjected it to some pretty terrible stuff . Overall , I 'd definitely recommend this for the price .
 Right Product , Best Price , Great gift for the Army Pilot .
 Nice watch , but if you have any hair on your arms , you wo n't enjoy the band on this watch .
 Very pleased with the service and product . Great price . Could n't be more happy .
 A great watch except it is a little heavy
 My husband loves his new watch that I bought him . Easy to use and completely meets his needs .
 This , simply put , is a wonderful watch.I say that because this watch is useful both at work and at home . At work , I 'm a flight surgeon . I spend both in the office working as a physician and in military aircraft as a rated aviator , and find this watch works well in both environments . In the office , it is lightweight -LRB- thanks to the Titanium -RRB- , professional appearing , and quite functional thanks to easy to read hour/minute/second hands and being water resistant -LRB- no worries about ruining the watch because of hand washing -RRB- . On board aircraft , I have glow-in-the-dark hands and a steady reference to Zulu -LRB- UTC -RRB- time , as well as having a wiz wheel to show that I have some idea about what is going on -LRB- although with modern cockpits , it 's somewhat redundant -- and , worth noting , hard to read the dial in low light conditions -RRB- . At home , the UTC time is helpful for pursuing my hobby of astronomy , as most references to astronomical events are listed in UTC time.The watch is somewhat initially confusing , but once you review the instruction manual or included CD , it is one of the easiest to operate watches I 've owned.One other item worth noting is that it is somewhat more grey in color than the photo on Amazon.com appears.Overall , a great value !
 Well , it has been roughly 24 hours since I received my watch , and I have just now been able to put it on . First off , the setup procedure is something that would make NASA proud . It is lengthy and complex . Once configured , I was faced with removing a couple of links out of the bracelet so it would fit on my wrist . This task proved beyond me . I ended up going to a jeweler who was able to accomplish this for me at the expense of a couple of bent and broken tools . And this was a dealer . I feel you should be able to wear a watch out of the box , without having to wait for someone to fit it for you . The setup is what caused me to rate it 4 of 5 stars , but it 's a 5 after that.Now for the good part , this watch is the coolest thing I have ever placed on my wrist . It is more than I hoped for , and that is saying something . I am still learning the in 's and out 's of this thing , but I am extremely pleased up to this point . It 's a great watch for a pretty good price.Update - It has been a number of years since my initial review and if anything the watch has exceeded all my expectations . It still looks great even after wearing it each and every single day since purchase . I would not trade this watch even for a more expensive model , its just that good .
 I have to say I was initially attracted to the watch purely for the styling . I thought it was a clean look that would look good for hanging around or on my wrist when in a suit . Once I actually tried the watch on I realized how comfortable and well made the watch was ! The lightness of the watch is truly amazing . It is like you are n't wearing a watch at all!Feature wise it is also great . Had everything I could have wanted . As I have read in other places , the two top internal dials are a little less then useful for those of us who do n't fly ... but , the use of the digital section makes using the advanced feature easy.One last comment , mine came with a small CD with a step by step instructions for setting and using the features ! I am usually not a person to even look at the directions . But the CD had me curious . Within 15-30 minutes I had all I needed to know to use all my features !
 I absolutley enjoy the functionality of this watch . The interface is easy to use and allows for very easy time changes for both the digital and analog functions . The three alarms are very handy as well . Even though this watch was built for aiators , I find it very useful in the world of information technology . Improvements requested
 I got this watch recently and enjoy it very much.It has two very cool features .1 . EcoDrive . Your watch is driven by solar energy so it should never die as long it 's not stored in a box under your bed for for years at a time .2 . You can display to two time zones at the same time . One time zone will be on the analog display and the other time zone will be on the digital display . You can also quickly switch between the two time zones.I have n't owned many watches in my time but this watch seems to scratch easily . Then again I 'm in the process of moving and I 've probably been giving it a little more wear and tear than normal.And it looks cool.Overall I say it 's a good buy.I would like to rate this as a 4.7 and not just a plain 4 .
 I 've owned this watch for a year . Bought it to replace a Tag Heuer which was a MASSIVE and expensive disappointment -LRB- tired of replacing battery more and more often as it aged at $ 70 a pop to get watch re-pressurized -RRB- . I do n't know what the other reviewers who complained about 1 . Scratches and 2 . `` arm hair '' are talking about . I have no problem with either.Watch is accurate , attractive , reliable , has great functionality and is comfortable and lightweight.The value of a watch that never requires a battery change is huge to me . If you 've ever owned a high-end watch like my Tag and suffered the frustration of forking over $ 70 for battery changes ... first after 3 years , then 2 years , then 1 year , then every 9 months and had the company tell you that this is a natural part of the watch 's aging , you will quickly -LRB- however sadly -RRB- toss the watch in the drawer and seethe everytime you see a poster with Tiger or pretty boy Jeff Gordon holding up their Tags.MINOR complaints
 I have had this watch since July of 2005 and and been in constant use for the last 51/2 years . It has been scuba diving , has had many hours of off road motorcycle riding which is such high impact and vibration that after an extended ride -LRB- days -RRB- I will have a skin abrasion from the watch band impacting my arm . The crystal has some minor scratching which is not very obvious and does not detract . The titanium band is essentially covered with small scratches , making a pleasing matt finish . Overall , the watch still looks great.After over 5 years of fairly rough use , it was not much surprise when one of the pins in the band fell out and was lost . I just took a pin from one of the spare links , cut it to size , and pushed it in where the other pin fell out . It looks secure and the watch is back in service , but I will keep an eye on the pins.The time zone swap feature works well when traveling , however setting daylight savings time which is somewhat of a pain as it must be done for each time zone . This is not the fault of the watch , since different areas deal with daylight savings time in different ways.The small LCD displays have a variety of functions of which I only routinely use the stopwatch , and it works fine . All the rest of the features are just bling to me -LRB- fuel weight/consumption/nautical miles rotating bezel ... really ? The units could be in ergs/furlong and it would be just as useful to me , as I never use it since I am not a pilot . -RRB- A quick thought on the LCD display size ... it is small . If you have trouble focusing on small type that could be a problem.The extra features do n't detract , but do n't lose the users manual if you use the features only occasionally as they are not fully intuitive . -LRB- Pull the stem to 1/2 position , press upper button to toggle value , press lower button to save OR rotate stem to next position which advances time zone and saves value . Pressing both buttons simultaneously generally raises the garage door or lowers the flaps so do n't mess with the watch while flying ... -RRB- The watch is fairly thick , but it looks substantial and well engineered and the thickness really does not detract . If you tweeze your eyebrows and wear Italian shoes then this watch probably does not make the style statement that you are looking for . -LRB- Nothing against tweezing and Italian shoes , just pointing out that this watch is likely not a fashion accessory that goes well with that style . -RRB- In conclusion , the Skyhawk has been durable beyond all expectation , and a pleasure to wear and use . The only downside is the complexity of the watch , and size of the LCD display . I highly recommend this watch .
 This watch is gorgeous and has all the functions that you need . I recommend you have it fitted after you get it . Those of you experiencing pulling hair , that 's what you have to do . Otherwise , I 'm wearing it with confidence and feels great !!! It has a nice grey tone finish because of the titanium . Very light compared to my previous stainless steel watch . This is worth every cent . The numbers and hands glow in the dark so that helps to read in very dark areas.Don ' t be discouraged what other people are saying about how complicated this watch is to setup . It is n't . You can view the CD presentation or go to the main Citizen website , look up your model watch , and watch their online tutorial . Very easy , very quick . I had my watch all setup in less than 10 minutes . Probably faster after watching the video completely , then setting it up . I 'm already familiar with the setup and can do it in a few seconds now.This watch matches all kinds of outfits whether it 's for a formal outting , casual , or even while playing baksetball . The design is super nice with a nice quality finish.It 's not overy huge like some other designer watches . This one is perfect in size . Maybe a little on the thick side , but the faceplate does n't cover up your entire wrist , lol . Overall , I 'm completely satisfied . Your warranty certificate is inside the warranty booklet in case there are premature malfunctions . The bezel might be a bit small , but how often are you going to use that anyways ? At least it 's there if you need to use it.Alarm sound is bit on the low side , but they probably do n't want you to be bugging a crap load of people in the office with an annoying sound.Beautiful , elegant , stylish , and conservative . What more do you want ?
 The watch is accurate , easy to use , low maintenance . Good night visibility , not very heavy compared to my other titanium chronographs . The wrist band is of good quality and the titanium feels very comfortable . I wear this watch 7x24 and has no problem with it so far.Just took this watch to snowboarding and the watch survived all my beginner-level falls and bumps .
 I have throughly enjoyed this watch , it has been accurate to + / - 60 seconds per year . It has taken a beating and held together -LRB- I am hard on watches -RRB- . I finaly broke the band , the first failure was just a pin which was hard to find a replacement for . Now one of the solid pins sheared . The watch diffinently needs to be Titanium otherwise it is too heavy . I have a nice Pulsar made of Stainless Steel , but I never wear it because it bangs my wrist hard when hammer or hit things . I would have made one feature change though , the Day Light Savings Time must be set for each time zone On or Off twice a year . I would have added a global Off option to take all time zones out of day-light-savings . It is a bit of a pain to set all the various time zone to and from this . I also have several scratches in the crystal , but still like the watch . It does glow in the dark well enough to read the time in a movie theater , but no light on the watch . I understand the reason -LRB- solar power -RRB- .
 I have owned this watch for about 5 years . With the Eco-drive system , as you can expect , I 've never pay a visit to a jewelry store for replacing battery.Despite the user manual did n't mention much about the scratch resistant , but my watch has n't had a single scratch on the surface with it great for watch under 500 dollars.No matter you are professional diver , office personal , or what ever your occupation is . This is the watch for you .
 Got the watch for Christmas . Great looking watch . The features are nice . I was surprised that there is no backlight , but I will keep it nonetheless . I recommend !
 I Have alway wanted one , i do n't have to change battery and it look Great The titanium is tough
 This is the second of these watches I have owned , and I can not imagine purchasing any other . They are reliable , lightweight and packed with features .
 I bought this watch as a present from Amazon . It was obviously a used watch because the box was banged up and the band was scratched in multiple places . All in all my husband loves the look of the watch . He is always commenting how light the titanium is and how he can look at all the different time zones . I would recommend this watch to all flyers .
 This is the best watch i 've ever owned . It has never broken , and shines beautifully .
 They have been perfect in the past and they are perfect till today .
 My wife got this watch for me 8 years ago when I was traveling to Asia a lot . The dual time zone function works great , and titanium material makes this watch much lighter than the stainless steel model which is very easy to wear . I love this watch and wore it everywhere over the years , and you can tell because the titanium will get scratched over time . The watch is very durable ; it has stand up to all kinds of abuse including contact sports and skiing . But until recently years when I started to go snorkeling with this watch , that is when I started to see some moisture build up getting inside of the display . The moisture seems to come and go for a while , but not long after the watch just died completely . Since the watch has already passed the 5 year warranty period , I decide to go ahead and troubleshoot it myself . I purchased a watch opening kit from Amazon.com , open the watch , and found that the sea water somehow got inside of the steel parts that is in the turning knob and corroded that area . I can see that there were some rusting going on and eventually that part broke off which the water can get in.Since this watch has taken so much abuse and still lasted this long , I feel that I got my moneys worth , so I would definitely buy this watch again . But the next time I buy a watch like this , I would probably try to avoid contact with water at all cost .
 Great watch for a pilot reasonable price as well , design changed slightly from the previous one to have less clutter but has made it harder to change the functions with the scrolling option now . Its remarkably light due to it being titanium , defintely happy and glad with this purchase .
 I bought a Citizen Men 's Skyhawk Eco-Drive Watch #JR 3060-59F three years ago after scouring the internet for a self-winding/perpetual wrist watch . I was so happy with the product , when it was stolen last month , I ordered another right away . Titanium appearance goes with everything and it is very light and very accurate timepiece . Only fault is alarm chime seems too quiet ... does everything else so well it must be my hearing .
 I bought this watch as a present to myself after driving in a car for over 35 hours with my parents -LRB- I love my parents , but 35 hours in an Envoy makes me wonder why ?? lol -RRB- . Anyways , I got the watch , and am very pleased with it . Nice sized face , and more functions than I 'll ever use . All the timezone functions are nice to have since my job sometimes requires me to know what time it is in different locations . So , that helps out a lot . The countdown timer is great when I 'm cooking something that does n't involve a microwave . Plus it keeps really accurate time , and is certainly the nicest watch I 've ever owned.My only gripe is that the band shows any scratches pretty easily . So , get one of the stainless ones if you 're going to be banging it up . Although , the Titanium on this one makes it light as a feather . This is America , therefore , the choice is yours.Besides the scratches showing , I could n't be happier .
 This watch was originally intended as a pilots watch and I think it fills this role wonderfully . The comments in the other review are valid , except I 'd say UTC is a ` must have ' feature in a pilots watch -LRB- all air traffic control is done in UTC time -RRB- .
 I am a watch nut , and I owned many many watches over the year . This is the best watch I have ever owned . I have the titanium model which is especially nice because it is so light.This is the perfect every day watch .
 I am a proud owner of a Citizen Eco Drive Titanium Skyhawk and glad I made the investment . ! First of all , I am a very technology forward person , though not a pen protector geek . If you like technology , if you like precision , if you like quality , if you love chronographs , then this watch is worth your attention . ! It delivers on all of those fronts . Since so many others have reviewed this watch from a purely tech standpoint , I will try and NOT be too redundant in covering features and will keep this to a sky view report.This watch has features galore , from the UTC , timer , calendar , chrono , alarms , world time setting features , to customized display settings . It can be a bit overwhelming at first to set up and program , but as you whip through it , it becomes second nature and due to its ' accuracy and EcoDrive solar/light powering , chances are you may never have to do as much work with this watch as in first setting it up . The CD and manual are very clear , simple and self-explanatory . I bought this version new , and recently . The 3rd gen has atomic timing and a backlight for the LCD as some of its ' improvements over this model , but for me those things were n't a big deal . I am a businessman , not a pilot - -LRB- though I have taken lessons -RRB- hence I only need the multiple time settings for travel , not every day . This watch is SO accurate , I wo n't miss out on the AT by having to set my watch - at last look it was keeping perfect time and has only ever been off by only 1 second + / - EVER . !! The backlight on the 3rd gen is n't SO spectacular that I need it , most of the time with just a wee bit of light , even in a movie or dark room is all I need to see . The luminous hands work very well for the few times things may get pitch black . Lastly , the 3rd gen just looks TOO military for me for what I use this watch for . In this version the watch looks just as friendly with business or formal attire as some of my other watches , and I own Rolex , Breitling , Movado genuines and several more timepieces . If I want the more military look , I can go wear my Chrono Avenger . More formal , then something else . Sometimes I do n't feel like waving my arm around just because , and the accuracy of the Eco Drive speaks for itself . Of course , did I mention NO batteries , ever ? That 's right , no batteries - ever . ! That moves up to powering . If you know anything about watches , how they run and Citizen , then you know about Eco Drive . Ecologically friendly solar and light powered system . Never needs batteries and when fully charged can go as long as 4 years -LRB- rated -RRB- and spring right back to life . Stop waving your arms wth automatic watches , or putting batteries in others at an ever increasing cost as the watch ages . It has several power saving modes that remind and show you when the watch is running low , all you need is light to power it up again . One cool factor is when the watch is away from a light source for several minutes , it will shut down and go to `` sleep '' if you will , and when light is found again , come back to life with arms moving and digitals coming on!Styling is great and the watch has the unique look to go well looking formal , business like or rugged and military , yet techo packed and gadgets abound for the more 21st century minded owners . The titanium version is what I own , and the understated buffed grey look stands out without being too flashy or gaudy . for those who want more shine , or bling , there is a stainless steel version as well , and a Black Eagle version with hardened black metal composition . I treat my watches with respect , but I do n't baby them , I wear them . I have not found the titanium to be as problematic as some other reviewers have . I have no scratches and all it takes to keep clean is some cloth cleaning and polishing if one desires . The links form a gentle yet firm shape , the titanium will stand up on its ' own . Solid double lock clasp , with room to make adjustments inside of it . I am a normal sized adult male , 6 ' 1 '' - medium build , and my wrist is 8 inches , the watch has that and room to spare . I could take a link or two out , but for others this is just a matter of whether you like your watch to fit snug , or loose.Now , the price . Originally a $ 600.00 piece and up , in most places this 2nd generation Skyhawk can be found for half that amount . Price difference of over $ 200.00 from the 3rd gen , and I do n't feel I sacrificed at all , especially because of the timeless , elegant and classy look of the watch . As I stated , it goes well with any occasion , and mode of dress , and for functions ca n't be beat . Most folks can not figure out WHAT it is until they get a look see demo up close . I was not aiming for this factor , but it is a nice compliment.People buy watches for any number of reasons . My brother teases me that it is the same time on his Fossils and Casios and Timexes as it is on my high end pieces . This from a guy who will drop thousands on computers and speed skates without a thought . ! My joy is in watches , some I own , others I admire , others I treasure , and a few I actually like . I respect and admire my brother 's pieces -LRB- and ALL timepieces for that matter -RRB- and own a few other types of watches as well , even a watch that only costed me less than 5 bucks in a shoe shop because I admired the look and the movement . I only say that because I am not snobbish and other than the ownership value do n't automatically suscribe to the theory that more money makes a better watch . Depending on a lot of other factors and criteria , more money usually just means a more expensive watch . Dollar for dollar , I feel the Skyhawk is a great value , and the longer you own one , the greater the value - especially at today 's reduced prices . !! Feature wise , this watch holds its ' own against most anything out there , other than a specialty one function watch . Both versions are water resistant so a quick shower or jump in the pool wo n't hurt . This watch will be my mainstay for a good long while , and I do n't have to feel like I lost my car or house when purchasing one , or if it got misplaced . Whether this watch is an upgrade from a less functional piece , or a common sense decision as I feel mine was , you will be pleased .
 I 've had this watch for upwards to 7 years . It was given to me as a high school graduation present and has lasted through the rigors of college , sports , and work life . Previous watches before this would have the battery die out every year or so , the fact that the Skyhawk is solar powered , means I 've never had to pop open the back . And you know how warranties expire , or the watch is no longer water resistant once you open it up ... no worries with this one ! Very classic look , not too obtrusive or large . It is a heavy watch so wearing it for long periods of time may be a little annoying . I think Citizen also has a lifetime guarantee on the glass , so you can send it in and have them buff scratches out for free ! Wo n't leave home without it.Update
 I purchased this watch four years ago , and it is still running reliably . It keeps accurate time , is easy to change time zones as I travel around the world , and the alarm is usually loud enough to wake me up in the morning . There are two drawbacks worth noting : -LRB- 1 -RRB- As other reviewers noted , the crystal scratches easily . That said , four years later , I do not have trouble seeing through the crystal . -LRB- 2 -RRB- the two buttons and the stem stick out pretty far on the right side . As a result , I have developed a thick callus on the back of my left hand where the watch stem digs in . Also , the buttons bump into the back of my hand , changing the time zone for the digital time/date portion of the watch . Easy to change back -LRB- just push the buttons again to step back to local time -RRB- but still mildly annoying.But bottom line , it does what a quality watch is supposed to do -- keep reliable time year after year . And after four years , I am still on the original battery .
 I have the black one of this watch , which if u get the black one the paint chips away . but thats besides the point for this watch . what i want to say for this watch is that its good weight but the face of the watch is kind a small . i would have liked it more if the face was 2-3 mm more . other than that it functions well . over all its a good watch .
 I received this watch as a gift back in 2001 . I 've worn it almost every day since then and it 's still kicking . Yes , the glass has some scratches , but this thing is solid .
 Brought it as a Christmas gift for my brother , he travels a lot so the multi time zone feature was more than just a gimmick it had very practical aspects to it . In short it can do way more things than most people will ever take advantage of . Figure out what it offers that works for you and enjoy it . BTW my brother loves it.Just one final note , days after I bought it Amazon raised the price on it by nearly $ 50 so it is n't the screaming bargain it once was .
 This is a great watch ! At first sight , it appears a bit bulky but after you put it on you realize how lightweight it is . Very reliable !
 pros : - great looking-light . compared to seiko SNA , this watch is really light.-never need a battery.-the crown is protected so it does not rub against your skin , like on my seiko sna which causes skin irritation.cons : - no light . hands are luminous though not all night long.-The time zone is used for both date and time , i wish i could set the other timezone to paris , but still have the date local.-The timezone setting is too easy to change so my tz is sfo but when i date mode i need to make sure it 's in a different time zone.-some features are night though i never use them
 I love this watch ! I have been wearing it for just over four years and it still works seamlessly . the fact that it is solar powered is so cool , when the watch is in a dark place for over a minute the hands all go straight up and the watch goes into a power save mode , but the second the face sees a glimpse of light the hands swing every which way to the correct time . It is very cool .
 The watch is great looking but I had problem with the wrist band , a pin came out and had to be fixed by watch repair person . I wish they make a strong , supportive wrist band , and given some more extra links .
 I wear the Citizen Men 's Skyhawk Eco-Drive Watch #JR 3060-59F much of the time , but when I travel it is essential . I can set the 3 alarms for different time zones or have one go off after the other.I use the timer every day to remind me to get up and stretch afteran hour at my desk . Many other useful functions and I love the style .
 I love the fact that it never needs a battery , and with the strength of titanium and the durability of scratch-resistant mineral , I won ; t have to buy another watch for a long time . This is an amazing watch that is incredibly light weight , loaded with features . I have found one flaw so far , and unfortunately , it 's a big one . It keeps track of the date , but only in the time zone displayed on the digital window . Unless you want to keep track of your local time both with the watch hands and the digital window showing the same time , you 'll have to remember to pretty much remember the current date on your own . Personally , I think an oversight like this can be a deal-breaker for some . For all of its technology and such , it does n't have a dedicated to keep track of the date locally .
 Nice watch , great features and very elegant . And it is not as complicated to used as other reviews says .
 This watch is too cool , it looks great on it never needs a battery and it gets lots of notice from others .
 For what I paid this watch is worth the money . I am someone who dislikes watches to begin with and some watches I have looked at are some what bulky . Not this one I like how light it is and the features of the time zones is great when I travel .
 yep that what this is Class with a capital C. ... looks great . . feels great . . keeps great time ... i love the feel of titanum ... so light . . best watch ive had in a long time . . and you cant bet the price ... great job amazon
 First the good news
 I got this watch as a gift and its perfect since i travel a lot around the world.PROS -- definitely recommend the titanium version . this is a big watch and steel could be heavy . worth the 40 $ price diff . - nice clean look -LRB- steel grey -RRB- goes with business and casual attire . - the solar powered battery is great and charging works very well . - Switching analog dial between time zones is real easy . - Two alarms , timer , stop watch etc.CONS : - An annoying quirk is that you can not set time zones that are in 1/2 hr intervals . eg
 ProsSuper design , feature packed with easy use , durable Titanium and last forever eco-drive batteryConsReflective crystal , low night visibility , hard to pull out crownThe Bottom LineThis is a masterfully crafted classy design with features beyond most people 's requirement . Definitely worth the price.Full ReviewAs a user of this watch JR3060-59F , I like to share some of my experience with it . I have to say that I love this watch and enjoy to look at it any time . In stead of going through its features , I will focus on my feel about it . The feature list or instruction is available on the manual or web.DESIGNI believe the overall design of this watch is outstanding . Its contour shape suits for casual and business occasions . Its casing migrates to the integrated links in an elegant way , so it is a very good balance of fashion and classic . Its Titanium gray color is unique , though kind of bland , yet emits an understated prestige and it matches the high-tech image too . The whole color tone is well organized , Gray in link and casing and LCD , black in bezel numbers and dial face , white in hour & minute hands and marks on face . The yellow second hand becomes a beautiful highlight without disturbing the whole color tone . The chrome circles on the sub-dials correspond to the crown and buttons on the right . I think its overall design is comparable to those vintage watches that are much more expensive.FUNCTIONSThis watch packs all the possible daily use functions with easy access . The 24 hour local time will become very useful in timeless environment like Casino . Its switch between local and other parts of the world is very easy and attractive . Though it has over 20 cities , you can choose to set off some cities that are not needed frequently.The timer function is limited due to the design of crown . The watch has to be removed from wrist to pull out the crown for timer setting or any other settings . This is a major design negligence . Some horizontal groove on the crown can easily solve this issue.The bezel is useful even for non-pilots . It can do multiplication or division easily for 2-digits numbers . The resistant feel of the bezel is very professional , not too loose and not too tight either . It is the bezel grip design need to be improved.WOW FACTORSImagine when you get off the plane in another continent with your colleague and you switch your Skyhawk 's main dials to the local time by press the two buttons at the same time , your colleague will very likely amazed at seeing your Skyhawk sweeps the hour hand to local time in a few seconds . By the time you told him that your light-powered Skyhawk can run at complete darkness for 4 years , he will surely rethink why he has to wave his arm on purpose every single day to wind up his `` automatic '' jewelery . Then you can tell him that your Skyhawk never gains or losses more than 4 seconds a month , he will be willing to trade his 8000USD Breitling with yours : -RRB- THINGS CAN BE IMPROVED1 . Non-reflective coasting on crystal and dial is desirable .2 . The marks visibility can be improved using IllumiBright or Tritium . Night-light would become unnecessary at all if the marks are more visible . Who needs to set the watch or using chronograph at complete darkness ? 3 . Some horizontal grooves on the crown will enable pulling out crown without moving the watch off the wrist . This is something Citizen should correct right away , even by offering some replacement to the current crown design .4 . User manual asks to avoid using buttons or crowns in water . This greatly limits the usability even it is rated Water Resistance 100M . If water-proof buttons are used and can be used under water , it will help those swimmers to measure lap times .5 . The grip of the rotation bezel can be improved by using a more conventional bezel design . The four shallow sinks on the current design does offer enough grip for rotation operation.TO BE VERIFIEDNot sure about the light power charge in winter when long sleeves or even coat covers up the watch all day long . Do we have to put the watch under a lamp every night to charge it for normal use ? If that is the case , it will not be ecological anymore.SUMMARYThe whole watch is a great design and it is an enjoyable experience to look at and use . Its long list features offer great help and easy access makes life easier . Even with a long list of wished improvements , I still love it a lot .
 I bought this watch in 2001 shortly after it was introduced . As a naval officer , it has proven to be invaluable as I find myself in different time zones with some frequency . I set up a custom time zone for where my wife was and with a simple look at the face knew if I 'd be waking her up if I called.It served as my alarm clock aboard ship and having three alarms is particularly useful . I use the UTC dial daily since the military often operates on `` zulu '' time.Charging occurs without a thought and the watch holds time well.I 've worked-out , showered , snorkeled , and generally beat up this watch and it stills works fine . Also worn it to weddings.I 'm considering buying the new `` rubberized '' version to have one to use for more casual activities.I probably need to have the watch cleaned and serviced since the dials and buttons now stick a bit and it 's harder to set alarms.Overall - best watch I 've ever owned . Ca n't think of anything I need from the watch or anything I do n't really use . Superb .
 First off , I have the stainless steel , not titanium . My reasons is the stainless steel , though heavier , hides the scratches to the band a lot better . As with most Citizen watches , this watch is of high quality construction and keeps time accrurately . I work in construction and fly recreationally so this watch not only comes in handy , but it takes a beating as well . I have heard some complain the crystal scratches , but to date , I have no scratches -LRB- 1 year of ownership and constant wear -RRB- . The timezone features comes in handy expecially for business travelers who do n't like resetting their watch all the time . You can hit two buttons and switch to the new time zone while still showing your hometown in the digital display . Shows date & time , has a chronograph , three alarms and a timer . There are two great additions available for pilots - the right small dial shows UTC -LRB- aka universal time -RRB- , this is very handy when you do n't have time to figure out how many hours to deduct -LRB- or add -RRB- to get to UTC when traveling East/West . The outer dial also allows you to do your time & fuel calculations though I must say , it is hard to read , and what business do you have flying without your proper tools.This watch goes well with business attire as well as jeans and a t-shirt . Clasp stays locked and I do n't have too many arm hairs pulled like with other models . Have successfully tested in water , but not to any depth . One complaint , you have to manually tell the watch when daylight savings time is . Harder to remember for those of us living without this cooky change of time -LRB- Arizona , Hawaii and Indy -RRB- .
 First off , I have the stainless steel , not titanium . My reasons is the stainless steel , though heavier , hides the scratches to the band a lot better . As with most Citizen watches , this watch is of high quality construction and keeps time accrurately . I work in construction and fly recreationally so this watch not only comes in handy , but it takes a beating as well . I have heard some complain the crystal scratches , but to date , I have no scratches -LRB- 1 year of ownership and constant wear -RRB- . The timezone features comes in handy expecially for business travelers who do n't like resetting their watch all the time . You can hit two buttons and switch to the new time zone while still showing your hometown in the digital display . Shows date & time , has a chronograph , three alarms and a timer . There are two great additions available for pilots - the right small dial shows UTC -LRB- aka universal time -RRB- , this is very handy when you do n't have time to figure out how many hours to deduct -LRB- or add -RRB- to get to UTC when traveling East/West . The outer dial also allows you to do your time & fuel calculations though I must say , it is hard to read , and what business do you have flying without your proper tools.This watch goes well with business attire as well as jeans and a t-shirt . Clasp stays locked and I do n't have too many arm hairs pulled like with other models . Have successfully tested in water , but not to any depth . One complaint , you have to manually tell the watch when daylight savings time is . Harder to remember for those who live in Arizona , Hawaii and Indy that do not observe daylight savings time .
 Fantastic Watch . Do not let previous reviews about the titanium version being scratch prone prevent you from buying the titanium Skyhawk . First of all I am very hard on watches . I have had my Titanium Skyhawk around six months and have no scratches to speak of . I have hit it several times and have been suprised by the watch and watch band strength and their scratch resistance.Overall this is a great watch and I highly recommend it .
 I have owned this particular model for a little over a 6 months now , and so far it has not given me any trouble . This is my second citizen watch , and as long as I keep recieving great watches and outstanding customer service , I will continue to be a Citizen customer . The watch itself is noticably lighter than most watches I own , due in part to the titanium instead of stainless steel . The place where I work requires me to do a lot of physical labor , and the watch can take every bit of what I throw at it . -LRB- sometimes literally -RRB- ... Both the analog and the digital displays are very easy to view , and the convenience of only having to hit one button to switch to multiple time zones is a big plus . I frequently travel out of state into another time zone and I could n't ask for an easier watch to use . The watch itself is attractive . The silver and black combination to me is always a winner . The yellow second hand is also a stylish design choice.And lastly , the service department is wonderful . I had accidentally scratched the crystal on my other Citizen watch . It was repaired and sent back to me in a very fast period of time , and I was extremely pleased with the result . So this watch is highly recommended by me . It is well worth the money .
 Because this watch is Titanium it is VERY light . Much lighter than other watches its size . It is a little thicker than I would like , but this does not seem to be avoidable when comparing watches with comparable functions . I really like that it is solar powered and that I do n't ever have to worry about changing batteries or shaking it . 3 minutes in bright sunlight is enough to charge it for the entire day . It has a two-year reserve otherwise . The slide rule bezel is also very useful allowing me to calculate speed , fuel consumption , etc. . I use it for my boat even though it was probably designed for pilots . The multiple time zone function is also invaluable since I travel a lot . A touch of a button switches me to the new time zone and I do n't have to reset it all the time . It does all the work . I am very pleased with this watch .
 Great watch , I went to 5 different jewelry stores and none of them carried the Titanium version . Set up was pretty easy . When ever I bend my wrist I change the digital time . There is no indiglo feature , the watch will illuminate if charged but the hands will fade quickly once out of light long enough . Very hard to remove the links , had to take it to a Jeweler . Wish the face was a little more scratch resistant ; first day I wore it I rubbed up on a handrail very slightly and the face scratched .
 After researching a bunch of watches , I settled on the Skyhawk with a titanium case and band . I love it . I do a lot of travelling and a lot of calls with people in different time zones . This watch makes it so easy for me to manage time zones . I 'm glad I chose the titanium because it 's so light . I wore an automatic watch for several years before buying the Skyhawk and got fed up with having to check it 's accuracy every week - I can now forget about that with the Skyhawk . It 's been totally accurate since I bought it . And I love the fact that I never have to replace the battery . I 'm hooked.Update
 The watch is everything it claims to be with only one minor drawback
 This is a great piece of craftsmanship from Citizen . It is easy to use and keeps perfect time . The eco drive concept is great . I have two seiko 's - one kinetic , the other automatic , and both ended up in a drawer when I got the citizen . My job is sitting at a desk most of the day , so my Seiko 's would go dead . I 'm too cheap to buy a device to move for me -LRB- watch winder -RRB- so I got a real watch and I 'll never go back . Now , if I could just figure out how to use the E6B ... One side note , it is a little larger than any other watch I 've owned . That 's not a problem , but the adjustment knob has given me a callous on the back of my left hand .
 This is my fourth titanium watch and second eco-drive titanium Citizen . This is a great watch . Nice and light . Easy to figure out , comes with interactive CD . You can input your own time zone , cool . I 've seen this watch in stores for as high as $ 600 , got it directly from Amazon , not the other stores , for $ 249 with free shipping . My only complaint , like the other reviewers is the easily scratchable face . Buy this watch , you with like it .
 I bought this watch because I really like the styling even though I 'm not a pilot -LRB- the ones who would get max use out of this watch -RRB- . At first , the watch seems really complicated and it certainly has a lot of features , but once you get to know it , it 's really easy to navigate through the features . The only negative I have about the watch is some of the painted numbers and outside dial markings on the watch have chipped off , and I have n't been rough with it . Overall though , I love the watch , especially that it nevers requires a battery or watch winder .
 This watch has worked out great for me . My previous watch , a Sieko Kinetic , died after only a few years - no more of those ! This Eco-drive has easily stayed charged with whatever light has been available . The titanium color and look work great for dress-up and swimming trunks . All controls and functions are easy to learn .
 First the good news
 Long-time owner . Purchased after careful research . I really love its style and functionality . As an aviator , the UTC mini-dial and world time zones -LRB- that can be flip-flopped with the main dial with a simple press of both buttons simultaneously ! -RRB- are great . So is the mini-E6B slide rule , which also gets significant use from me . In short , the features are fabulous , and I love this watch and am happy to own one.I must be fair and detail the minus-points :1 -RRB- While very rugged generally , regard this as a luxury watch with some utility toughness . Better to take it off if going into tough-duty areas or are going to be at risk of banging it or giving it violent or steady vibration.I 've beat mine a bit . I once fell on an icy sidewalk and it saved me from breaking my wrist by absorbing the shock . It was under heavy clothing , so I saved it from scratches , but I did break the pin joining the bracelet to the top of the body . That 's OK , it took the shock w/o any other damage.However , before this , I 'd owned the watch about 6 mos . when the indicator hand on the mode dial snapped off just before the pivot , dropping to the bottom of the case . It was probably damaged upon original assembly . This required warranty service , which was gratis , but I paid shipping and had to wear a backup for about 2 mos .2 -RRB- Take care with the crystal . Its curved shape makes it lens slightly . I do n't regard that as a flaw -LRB- although an anti-reflective coating would 've been nice -RRB- . However it makes it very vulnerable to accidental scuffing while maneuvering your arm around everyday obstacles . It can take a little light punishment fine , but without care you 'll eventually earn yourself a gouging scratch that could ruin the view of the face . Mine has been scuffed up over the years , but after getting the first scratch that only gently marred the view , I 've taken great care to take it off if turning a wrench or doing dishes , for example . That 's helped keep it in decent shape .3 -RRB- The worst thing about this watch is the mode selector . And it 's really bad . Downright terrible . Just plain awful . Consider : This is essentially an electronic watch with analog features and styling . To preserve the analog feel of the watch , the design has you select modes by rotating the crown , rather than by pushbutton . At first I thought that was a neat-o touch . And it was ... for a short time . The mechanism mechanically rotates an analog mode-indicator -LRB- referred to above -RRB- while at the same time engages some sort of micro-switching inside to set the electronics.I do n't know what that electro-mechanical mechanism looks like in there , but it has not succeeded in generating affirmative , accurate mode-selection over a long period . After a few years , very frequently the actual mode selected and that indicated on the mini-dial disagree -LRB- offset + / - one indication -RRB- . Worse still , most modes , once selected , can be adjusted -LRB- like the timer , alarms , hand alignment , time setting -RRB- . To adjust the mode , you then pull the crown out by one or two clicks and give it some more gentle rotation . The problem is , the watch has a nasty habit of jumping modes when you pull on the crown to adjust the mode you though you just selected . It seems like the internal switching is getting a little unwanted momentary contact or lack thereof through this crown mechanism , thereby sending confusing inputs to the electronics.And when turning the crown , you can feel a distinct cheapness or lack of robust engagement in your fingertips . It feels and quietly sounds like the mechanics inside must have been made from tinfoil . It 's a little disconcerting.I got over it after a few hours , when the watch was still new , and it functioned perfectly in this regard . But it 's clear that this part of the mechanism is not robust and wears out disproportionately fast compared to the rest of the watch , which is still in like-new condition , mechanically . I regard it a design flaw.But , if you can learn to live with this eventual supreme annoyance -LRB- and I have -RRB- , the watch as a whole is just wonderful.Would I buy it again ? That 's a solid maybe . I 'd want to for sure , but I think I 'd rather trade just a little of that analog watch feel
 This is the best watch I have ever owned . Looks beautiful and never needs batteries -LRB- solar charging -RRB- and even has power saving modes.But it 's a little hard to see the time at night , because there is n't light .
 A little to heavy , and hard to see at night , and some times day light , for Me ; with good eyes ?? ... Wonderful , It will last a long time , it 's a '' tank ''
 I ordered this watch on Sat May 30 , it showed up at home on Tues June 2 . Considering that home is in Switzerland , Europe , this is really FAST . Great value for money .
 An excellent modern design intergrating the latest watch technology . We purchased two of these watches and have no regrets .
 My father wanted this watch for his birthday . I priced it around and found this to be the cheapest with shipping . The shipping was quick and everything turned out wonderful . My father loves his new watch ! Great product and service .
 The question is whether this watch is a better choice than the Seiko , which costs less ? It is lighter , because it is Titanium , but is that important ? The Seiko is stainless steel , weighs more , and that means your arm will become stronger ! Seiko has a better reputation as a higher quality watch , in my opinion and experience . The numbers on the bezel of the Citizen wear out , I have read ! -- is that cool for a watch that costs as much as the Citizen ? NOT ! But , at least you will not have a battery that will wear out when you are on a flight and need the watch to function , so I guess it makes sense afterall -- emphasis on the word `` guess . '' -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 I already had a Citizen perpetual calendar , eco-drive watch and loved it . But when I stared flying -LRB- private pilot -RRB- found the need to know UTC overwhelming . Just as I was trying to figure out how to accomplish , I got this watch as a gift and absolutely love it.The Pros - Perpetual calendar , eco-drive . never needs batteries and comes in handy every Feb when you do n't have to remember to advance the date to March 1st :-RRB- - The ability to keep 3 time zones . When I 'm not flying , the big hands show the local time , digital time shows my home time -LRB- New York currently -RRB- and UTC shows , well , UTC . - When I 'm flying , I set the digital display to UTC -LRB- easlily done by pressing the wonderfully large buttons above the crown -RRB- before I get in the plane . As soon as I turn the master ON , I press the buttons above and below the crown simultaneously and the watch switches to the big hands showing UTC and digital showing local . - Back on the ground , it 's the 2 buttons again and UTC is back in Digital . Very easy to use . - Ability to do simple calculations and simple E6B calculations on the bezel . Do n't have to take big flight computer out of my bag anymore . - Ability to set 3 alarms . - ChronographCons -- I think the 24 hour dial is useless . Thought the same in my old eco-drive too . - Citizen could have removed the 24-hour dial and made the UTC dial bigger . - Alarm sound can be made louder . - Maybe the watch could have been made to switch DST on and off by itself ? - Inability to support half hour time zones . This one is a biggie for me since my watch will always be 30 minutes behind -LRB- or ahead -RRB- when I visit my parents in India.Personally , I think the luminousity is OK . Could have been more but OK where it is.The cons lower the rating to 4 . Otherwise , a great watch .
 Nobody doubts the technology of the cronographs anyways . So , there is no point in pondering over the super perfect time that this watch consistently maintains . But what is important to note is that in reality this watch looks and feels even better than what it does on the picture . To top it all , the weight of the JR3090 -LRB- Sea Hawks - Blue Angels -RRB- will amaze you all . You do n't even feel to be wearing it on your wrist .
 Keeps great time . I love the fact that I can switch time zones so easily . I flew to Ethiopia via Rome . I just had to set the time on a city , push the buttons & everything was good . It 's not scratch proof but it is sturdy . I use the chronograp fairly regularly . I wish it was a bit easier to set but I also know it is n't going to accidently be stopped or started.My one disappointment is there 's no backlight . I was surprised at how well the glow in the dark hands & hour markers lit up , though .
 Product was as advertised and arrived ahead of schedule . The price was the best I could find anywhere .
 I had this watch about a month ago , and i am very pleased with it , it really is a good show by citizen , though the lack of half hour time difference is aggravating , for a costly watch this should have been taken care of . The titanium gets scratches easily and in my case it is no difference , within a week some scratches magically appeared on the dial , the chronograph is also good , people will say why you need all the airplane calculations at the bezel but thats the way it is , and it in fact syncs with the blue angel concept . all in all its a good buy .
 Great watch to use and -LRB- to be -RRB- look -LRB- ed -RRB- at - definitely NOT in the range of your typical K-Mart `` special '' . Wonderful after-sales service too -LRB- the metal band broke once and Sears replaced the watch with no questions asked -RRB- . Speaking of the metal watch band
 I purchased this watch in August of 2009 and have only set it once -LRB- the first day I owned it -RRB- . You will need to read the manual since setting it is not like a standard watch . I find the controls very easy to use once you understand the setting process . The watch is extremely accurate , loosing only 9 seconds in 6 months . The face of the watch is very busy , but most technically-minded people will enjoy this feature . To me , the watch is beautiful to look at . I do get a lot of complements on the watch , and many people have asked to see it up close.As a pilot , I find the E6-B calculator a handy feature to have on hand . I use it for simple calculations from time to time . The many time zones also come in handy while traveling . The ecodrive is amazing . Always maintains a full charge even in the gloom dark winter days of Michigan.I 'd highly recommend the titanium version ; the stainless steel version is noticeably heavier -LRB- I 've held both -RRB- . There is not really much to say negative about this watch . Amazon 's price is very competetive .
 I 've owned this watch for over five years , and am now about to purchase another one with the atomic clock upgrade . Some people have expressed concern over the watchband , crown , scratches , useless internal dials , power , etc. . First off , I 'm in the Air Force and travel all over the world frequently . This watch has been wonderful , as it is extremely easy and quick to adjust between timezones . I work in aircraft maintenance and believe me , this watch has taken A BEATING over the years . My face is scratched , but they are barely visible unless you are looking under good light and really searchign for them . Nothing has ever broken on this watch , including the crown and no real noticable scratches on the band . When not in direct light , my watch automatically goes into power saving mode which is great , I can still tell time I just lose the digital displays and the second hand , both of which jump right back to life the second light hits the face . This watch was mostly charged when I purchased it and the power level indicator has never dropped below 3 bars , and I have never formally tried to charge it - just through normal use it has mantained its battery level and never run out of juice . Illumination is a bummer , but the hands themselves have some illumination so it is possible to read in low light but difficult . As for useless functions , if you are in the military -LRB- this is basically an aviators watch -RRB- you constantly have to jump between whatever time zone you are in and zulu time , which is actually UTC . So the extra UTC dial is very helpful to me when I 'm working on aircraft systems which are based entirely on UTC and I 'm sure pilots really enjoy it . Overall , buy a watch based on what you need it for , not becuase it looks cool . If a watch has way to many functions for you to use , buy something cheaper with less options . Accuracy is great , I 'm really anal about my clocks being accurate and check them once a month against the atomic clock in colorado and have only had to adjust this watch once or twice a year by a couple seconds . Bottom line , this is a great watch , very rugged , very appealing to the eye , very functional . If you like the looks and can actually use the options it comes with , you will be happy with it for a long time . -LRB- unless your a moron like me and want the one with the atomic clock reciever -RRB-
 After a lot of research , I finally decided to purchase this watch . I was concerned with all of the negative reviews that I had seen , but I went ahead and purchased it . After wearing it for two weeks , I could not be happier with it . Much of the information contained in the other reviews is valid . The alarm is almost inaudible and the watch can be a bit complicated to operate , but these negatives do not outweigh the positives . This is an absolutely beautiful watch . The titanium version does not feel any heavier on my wrist than other watches that I have worn over the years . The Eco-Drive feature is amazing . I noticed one night when I had fallen asleep with it next to me that the hands had stopped moving , but as soon as I turned on the light , they moved to the correct time instantly . If I had it to do all over again , I would have bought this watch months ago.Citizen Eco-Drive Men 's Skyhawk Chronograph Watch #JR 3090-58L
 I spent a while deciding whether to get this watch or another Eco-drive . I love the world-time & 3 alarms as well as the fact that it looks great . My original hesitation was with the possibility that it may look too bulky for my rather thin wrist , but after adjusting the band at a local jeweller , that 's not at all an issue . At the end of the day , the titanium alternative was the kicker - it 's amazingly light compared to any steel watch of this size and capability .
 easy to setup with included CD , If you have a small wrist get the pin remover to size the Band , the watch is accurate and the titanium band and case is light enough . Very satisfied with the watch .
 I have been reading reviews on this watch for several weeks and decided to purchase it . All comments , positive and negative , were very helpful in helping me making my decision . The watch is everything I had hoped for , and more ... great looks , more functions that I will ever use in my life time , and no batteries to replace . The only thing I wish I could change is the pre-determined cities programmed into the watch ... there is not a specific setting for any city in Germany or the part of the US where I live . Although the time zone is represented by a city , I wish the watch had the capability to change a city within any give time zone . For example , I live in Texas , and would rather see DAL -LRB- DALLAS -RRB- for time zone vs. CHI -LRB- Chicago -RRB- . Same for Europe ... hard to know where Germany falls in the European time zones , and it would be nice to be able to over-write , or add to the time zone with GER vs. other listed cities which are in the same time zone . The book of instructions that accompanies the watch is thorough , as is the CD , but unless I missed it , the ability to edit caties would be nice . Otherwise , the watch is excellent and I am very happy with it .
 I ` vehad other similar citizen watches , and this one is better . The easier to use larger buttons are a step up . I also like the lighter titanium band . On the downside I am disappointed that a watch of this price is not more waterproof or that the hands do not light up or glow -LRB- very much -RRB- in the dark .
 I have had this watch now for 6 years and its fantastic save two annoying problems.PROS : Works great and still looks as new as when I purchased it . No fading , no corrosion , no scratches on the crystal glass despite rough handling.CONS : * It does not support 30 min timezones . So for example , you can not set India time -LRB- GMT + 5:30 -RRB- in the world clock . Instead you have to choose Karachi time -LRB- GMT +5:00 -RRB- or Dhaka time -LRB- GMT + 6:00 -RRB- . So when I travel to india , my watch is always 30 min slow or fast depending on what i choose * Daylight savings time needs to be set manually and for each time zone . So come summer or winter time , I have to manually switch it on or off in my watch . Secondly , If I switch on DST for US Pacific Time and I check the time in New York -LRB- US Eastern Time -RRB- , the time will be incorrect unless I manually switch on DST for the US Eastern timezone too
 at first i thought is was kinda big - compared to myTag2000 , but it has grown on me and like its apperience . Very sporty , as i dont get dressed up and most often can be found in some sweats or cargo pants this watch goes perfect with my nonshalant attire . I like the light weight of the titanium and also like the 5yr warranty , to the guy above having problems with the display after a yrs time , try using your warranty buddy . Love the watch !
 This watch is a steal for the features and durability . Better than any of the higher priced watches if you study what they all will do -LRB- then check how much you are paying for the name on the other watches -RRB- . They would take this watch to the moon now . Great flying and adventure watch with titanium case and band ! Tribute to the best pilots out there ... the Blue Angels .
 I love this watch . Not sure how to use the slide rule , but sure it wo n't be hard to learn . No light and no glow in the dark hands suck.Tons of options make this watch great , but it is not easy to operate . You need to read the owns manual prior to operating anything . I have the titanium band . This band lessens the weight some , but it does pull hair . Wrist will be bald in a week .
 Outstanding quality , finish and performance.A great extra was the interactive CD that came with the watch to help set the watch time , date and time zone functions as well as a how too on the other features of the watch .
 I really like my titanium Blue Angles Citizen watch.Pros - light weight feel , features , Style and never needs batteryCons - crown is a little small for my fingers , bracelet does n't flex enough at the watch body joint.Overall , I really like this watch . Now ... the test of time .
 These are excellent watches . They are very handsome , and will generate lots of complements and questions from intelligent people . Amazon is a great place to buy this item as the price was almost 1/2 what I could find it elsewhere . The only beef I have is the shipping ! I sent it useing the `` free '' option - and man is it SLOOOooooowww ! I 've done this before and just ca n't seem to learn that that extra few bucks saved is n't worth an additional 3 days wait while the goods bounce their way accross the country .
 I fly international flight and love the time zones . Also since it is titanium it is lighter than comparible watches . Looks great too .
 I bought this watch to replace an older version from 1997 . I like some of the upgrades like scrolling through the features with the dial . My old watch would change to the next feature -LRB- alarm , chronograph etc. -RRB- if I bumped it into a wall . I also hope to like the eco drive , we 'll have to wait and see if it charges the watch through the years . I still love the 24 hour time and world time zones . I travel extensively around the world and this feature alone is worth it.As for what I do n't care for , the watch STILL does n't have a light so it 's impossible to read at night . The luminus dials are all the same , they work for about 30 minutes if you put a flashlight to them.If you have a large wrist , you might not be comfortable in the watch . The band is fixed for the first three links so it is snug and takes some hair from your wrist.I bought the titanium hoping for an incredibly light watch but it weighs about the same as a coworkers stainless and my old watch . I 'm a little dissapointed that it 's not light .
 I had the Navihawk for the past ten years and decided to move to the eco drive Skyhawk.For previous owners of the Navihawk , this is a great upgrade because they improved how the buttons work , and how you change from time to calendar to chrono , etc. . . You wo n't accidentially change the watch function by getting it caught on your sleeve.Also the clasp is much better as it locks in ... the Navihawk had a standard clasp on it.Been a pilot for 10 years now , and I notice it 's kinda a signature for pilots ... pull the trigger and treat yourself ! I 've had my new one for 3 months now and I 'm glad I did !
 Having run the gammut with many plated watches in my life , whose plating soon gets eroded from my wrist sweat , causing the bare pot metal case -LRB- and plated crowns -RRB- to turn my wrist black , I decided this time to either get a stainless steel or titanium watch , which will never have that sort of problem again . I have had my watch for about two months thus far.I chose this watch because I liked the contrasty color combinations of the blue face , the hour/minute hands , and the very easy to see second hand , which I believe is the bright yellow color `` chrome yellow '' -LRB- as is the trim on the outer slide rule -RRB- . Also , nobody has seemed to mention the 5 year manufacturer guarantee in other reviews that come standard with this watch ... The eco-drive is worth fully understanding in the purchase decision ; the face of the watch picks up light from all available light sources -LRB- room light , sunlight , etc. -RRB- , and automatically recharges the battery , which has a much longer lifespan than the standard watch battery.I agree that a light would be a nice addition to the digital portion of the watch , this has been my only `` nice-to-have '' addition.The watch takes a little trial-and-error training to use all of its features , which includes the ability to have 3 separate alarms across any of the available time zones , I still have n't mastered all of its functionality , and am learning the functionality on an as-needed basis . The user manual that comes with the watch is very good for this purpose.I like the fact that the year is a part of the date/time setup , something that is a new watch feature for me , as opposed to a month/day setup only , which always required adjusting the day at the beginning of a new month , for prior months that had less than 31 days.The watch appears to be a rugged , quality watch , not gaudy as in diamond-studded , but a stylish watch that can be worn in many situations . The OEM band is also titanium , and has a double-locking clasp , with one portion of the clasp folding over the other portion , then locking a second time.If you hold the stainless steel version in your hand , and then hold the titanium version before buying , as I did , the titanium version is very noticably lighter , and for me , was worth the difference in price -LRB- about $ 60 more for the titanium model in my purchase -RRB- . So far , I am very pleased with my purchase , a light would be a nice addition in the LCD . The 5 year guarantee added some additional value `` clout '' to the purchase , which was an important factor for me .
 The other reviews pretty much sum up the positives of this watch . The eco drive works flawlessly , the watch is big , but not too big . I also really love the slide ruler on the bezel - surprisingly easy to use and accurate . I found the alarm sound to be adequately loud - it can wake me up from a sleep.The only thing that is somewhat annoying is the lack of a backlight or strong luminescence on the hands . The digital displays are pretty hard to use in low light .
 Excelent watch , has never required that I recharge besides being on my wrist ! I do n't use it more than I do out of guilt for my Tissot T-Touch and my TAG Chronotimer . Very light wait in spite of size . The only ting I miss is an iluminated digital display . Again , the echodrive power is a wonder and I will look for more models to add to my `` collection ''
 The watch was great . It was an excellent price and dealing with Amazon is wonderful . The watch came in it 's factory box with all paperwork in order . The watch itself is a great choice . Very lightweight and it looks good on my husbands wrist .
 Nice watch . I love the styling and the options available . The thing I like the best is that it never needs a battery .
 I am impressed with the precision that the watch has . I enjoy to wear it and be able to easily switch to different times where I have to be aware of.My only critic is about the instruction manual . It is not very specific and there are some gaps in it .
 I have the Stainless Steel case version.After 11 years , the watch still keeps accurate time . However , I have put a few scratches on the face , case and band , but considering I used to wear it while driving a tow truck , it has fared rather well . The circular slide rule is fading . I really have no use for it anyway.After about two years , one of the pins in the bracelet broke , so I fashioned a fix using an appropriately-sized stainless steel sewing needle , secured it with cyanoacrylate -LRB- crazy glue -RRB- and filed it flush with an emery board . The fix is barely noticeable . I also had to remove a few links , but it was n't too difficult.I actually enjoy the weight of the watch -LRB- 162 grams -RRB- and after about an hour of wearing it , I could barley notice it.I enjoy all the functions , but my eyesight has diminished over the years , and the printing is rather small . No matter . I get all the info I need by just glancing at it.The charge indicator always reads full . I keep it on a stand near my desk lamp.I like the stopwatch , dual time switching and the UTC indicator . Having to pull the adjustment knob is kind of a pain , so I seldom use it.The alarm is very quiet , so I do n't rely on it.I 've had no problems with water ingress , even while swimming.The phosphorous on the minute markers and hands does not stay bright as long as it used to , but when I am in the dark long enough , I can easily read it . Tritium would have been a better choice.My next Citizen will be the same watch , but with the Radio Control .
 I made sure to do my homework before purchasing this watch . I have been very happy with my choice . The watch looks great , does n't need a battery replacement , and does a ton of stuff I will probably never use ! Great as a casual as well as dress watch . Only downfall is that I wish it had a light but is not a deal breaker . Great watch great price !
 I am a huge fan of the Citizen ____ hawk watches . They 're all easy to set and adjust -LRB- especially when you hop time zones like I do -RRB- , they 're solidly built , and they look really nice.I 've owned four of them over the last decade or so and this one is mostly the same as all the others , excepting the nice blue and yellow color scheme . The fact that this is the same as all the others work in its favor , since I really like what this line does and how they look.I took a flyer on the titanium model this time and I 'm mostly happy . It feels like it 's about half the weight of the stainless steel models I 've owned and that 's both a good and bad thing . Good , because it 's ~ really ~ light , and bad because I tend to like the heaviness of the stainless watches -LRB- and they are HEAVY -RRB- on my wrist.If there was one thing I would change it would be to either throw some tritium on the dial -LRB- or at least a better glow paint that held its luminescence for longer than a few minutes -RRB- or light the LCD displays . This watch is pretty much useless in the dark . Other than that , it 's a near perfect watch for me.For what Amazon is charging for the watch , it 's a steal ... especially considering it was going for twice that the last time I looked at the Blue Angels model a couple years ago .
 Really enjoy the watch . Originally bought the version in stainless steel , but returned it as it was too heavy . Only thing lacking is illumination to read time more easily in the dark .
 I have had a Breitling B2 watch , that could never keep time . I am a private pilot , and appreciate a nice watch . This is a great watch so far . I also travel to New Zealand quite often , so am looking forward to useing the multi-time zone feature . So far I ca n't fined anything wrong with this .
 This is one sweet watch and I sell more of these watches by just wearing the timepiece -- Now thanks to this Jewelry Beta here on Amazon I can verily and enthusiastically recommend this fine watch.Many so termed `` mens watches '' lose their appeal with me and some other men because they look and feel effeminate . This is not the case here.Solid , good looking , rugged and you 'll never , EVER require a battery -LRB- unless you 're a spelunker who dwells/resides in caves -- if so bring along a candle because this miniscule light will recharge the internal batteries -RRB- . I also bought a `` spare '' blue leather band which gives it a different look and feel.This is a great gift ! Buy another one for me -- PLEASE !
 high quality , high style watch at a very good price ! what 's not to love ?
 I frequently travel and wanted a watch that would allow me to iew two time zones simultaneously . This watch meets the bill with a push of a button . The watch is beautiful and I definitely recommend the titanium as it is much lighter than stainless steel . I enjoy being able to see times around the world and find this particulary helpful when I travel . There are many functions which most will never use . The other feature I like is the CD that provides step by step instructionds for setting the watch -LRB- manual is confusing -RRB- .
 This is a great watch that keeps perfit time ! the little day date window is to small to read without glass 's if your a old timer like me lol ! the band is very stiff ! the best thing is no battery .
 Not being able to get this model in Australia , I was happy to receive an email from Amazon saying they now ship watches internationally.Promptly ordered the watch from them and recieved it 10 days later in time for my birthday . Thanks Amazon great service.The watch has a five year warranty in the USA however it still has a 1 year international warranty which I can use in Australia . Which should be plenty if anything goes wrong.Things I do n't like
 My husband was thrilled with this watch ! I got him this titanium version ; it 's stronger than stainless and a bit lighter in weight.He has a large wrist and it fit him perfectly . He 's had it for two months , and there have been no problems . It came with a mini cd that teaches you how to use it.My only complaint is , I had to explain that I bought it directly from Amazon and it was not used , because the packaging looked like it had been kicking around for 10 years or more . If it were not for the lack of presentation I 'd have given it 5 stars .
 really late review Watch was as described fast service and exactly what I wanted would recommend this eller to everyone
 I purchased this watch for my boyfriend as a birthday day present . He has been wanting this watch for many years and was very excited to receive it . The watch was delivered on time , so I do n't have anything bad to say . He loves how the hands automatically adjust to the different time zones and also how it glows in the dark blue instead of the typical green . His father loved the watch so much , that he bought one just like it .
 Got it in June 2004 . Very handsome watch . Titanium is the version to get.I leave it by the window when not in use . It loses about 30 seconds after six months.I love the many alarms.I never had any problems with battery losing power . One time the charge state went down to about 30 % and so I placed it near the window.I opened up the watch and drain the hell out of the single button cell just to see how it charges . It was less than an afternoon . I do n't remember and I 'm not doing it again because it will ruin the battery.This watch is not for rugged use , so do n't play football with it . The seconds hand needs to be zero -LRB- 0 -RRB- adjusted when the watch is shocked -LRB- banged -RRB- . This watch is also quite complex to learn to use . I sometimes have to refer to the manual for certain adjustments . But it is much easier to adjust time than more pretty watches . The days/months/year , hours/min/seconds are all independent . In some pretty watches , to adjust the day of the month , you have to adjust the 24hour hand 30 times if you miss your day .
 This is my second Citizen aviation watch . I 've worn it for two years now . As a pilot , I find it to be highly functional . For it 's size , I would highly recommend the titanium model over the stainless steel . The difference in weight is definitley noticeable . The bracelet design and it 's heavier weight made the pins in earlier models vulnerable to failure . I do miss the function that allows the hands to reposition to 12 o'clock for access to some of the other functions .
 Bought this watch as a present to my husband and he is absolutely in love with it ! It looks beautiful and has all the cool features that gadget men would appreciate !
 This review is for the Citizen Skyhawk BlueAngel edition titanium watch , however , most of the comments are relevant to the entire Skyhawk series . I received this watch -LRB- Mar 2 -RRB- days ago . So far I am very happy with it . I had a hard time deciding between the Blue Angel and the `` regular '' Skyhawk ; I had an even harder time deciding between titanium and non-titanium . Below is a list of pros and cons of the watch -LRB- es -RRB- roughly in order of decreasing importance to me . However , I do want to make clear that I do love the watch , the pros WAY outweigh the cons.Pro : - Watch looks beautiful , though some may find it `` too busy '' . - Watch never needs batteries -LRB- solar charging -RRB- and even has power saving modes , which is fascinating for a techno-enviro-energy saving guy like me . - I 've always been a sucker for dual display -LRB- analog/digital -RRB- watches . As such , this watch has MANY useful functions
 This watch is a pit bull . Not the prettiest of ` faces ' perhaps , but it 's tough and densely weighted with features . It shows attitude . A continual solar charge stokes a battery that will run for years . Need to know the time or date in 30 separately named locations - Dubai or Denver , Moscow or Mexico City ? No problem . Just push and scroll with the button above the crown . The cities appear on a digital display in the lower left between the 7 and 8 hour positions and the time for each on a corresponding panel display on the lower right . If Karachi or Bejing is your second city of choice it will always be there to see . Switching the two time displays - the smaller , digital time to the larger , primary , analog display - is effortless , accomplished with the push of two buttons simultaneously . If your location of choice is not designated you can customize that one location -LRB- For example , I was easily able to program `` SXM '' and the time for St. Martin F.W.I. -RRB- . The digital window display between the 4 and 5 hour time positions is also where you will find the chronograph -LRB- viz . stop watch -RRB- and weekday , month , and date information . An alarm and count down timer add to the watch 's main usable features . Navigational and `` general calculation '' functions are accessible through a rotating bezel and internal reference , `` register ring '' . These are what I call its Mac Gyver features . Basically it is a tachometer and the manual provides serviceable explanations with examples.You can get the band in different materials . I prefer the shinier , heavier , water defiant stainless steel over the leather or even the lighter , scratch resistant , gray titanium bracelet . The weight and glint of steel adds ` bark ' to this beast !
 I just got this watch , so I have n't had too much time to evaluate it other than that it looks great . My main reason for commenting so soon is to correct an error in Merlin 's comment
 This is the best watch I have ever owned . First , the look and face of this watch is an eye-attracter . Pretty much everybody around me noticed it in the first few days I got it and were asking questions about it . The numbered bezel ring , the sub-dials , the digital sub-displays , all of this makes it look as a very sophisticated and serious watch -LRB- and it is indeed -RRB- . Second , it 's tough and rugged , while being still lightweight considering its size . However , I have a skinny wrist and I had to bring it to a jeweler so that 3 links were removed from the strap . Do n't try to do this yourself , you might regret it.The titanium , while being more scratch resistant than stainless steel , do get scratched with time , but since titanium does not have that glossy finish that stainless has , scratches are much less obvious . The mineral crystal is strong too , but it gets scratched if you hit it or brush it against a rough surface -LRB- the minor scratches can be buffed however with a regular car paint compound - it works well and is safe for the glass , just do n't spread it over the bezel ring at the same time -RRB- . The light-powered cell and battery works perfectly OK . I never got the watch to be completely depleted , just wearing the watch during the day in a typical office is enough to keep a good level of charge continuously . If you are often outside , it will be even better since outdoor natural light is stronger than any office light.The bezel ring is amazing , you can do multiplications , divisions , proportions , etc. with it . If you 're slow in mental calculus and do n't have a calculator at hand , it will help you.I found out only 2 weakenesses
 DesignThe titanium band is so lightweight that I barely know that I 'm wearing such a large watch , which is a major plus to me . There 's nothing worse than dragging your left hand behind you because your watch weighs more than a mid-size sedan . It is sharp looking and easy to read , except for when it is moderately dark . The phosphor coating on the hour markers and dials is relatively weak , and unless you 're in pitch black conditions , it takes a few seconds to recognize the glow . The bezel is stylish , giving the watch the added flair that is expected with a pilot 's watch.I 've read a lot of complaints as to the lack of use for the sub-dials and I laughed heartily at each one . For your information , this watch was designed to commemorate the Navy 's elite Blue Angels flying squadron , and the Navy happens to have a great use for universal time as well as 24-hour time . I suppose an egg timer would be more useful , so I suggest purchasing a Timex with that feature . This is a pilot 's watch . I do n't suppose many people who own it know how to use the bezel for converting fuel lbs . and such , but that does n't mean you should n't buy it . The sub-dials give the watch an added depth in its styling , and it would look rather bare bones without them.I also like the duplicity of having digital and analog time as part of the design . When I travel , I can switch to the digital time to the appropriate time zone while leaving the analog set to my home time zone so I know when it 's safe to call the kids or if they 're already tucked in . This watch is n't overly easy to use , but once you meander through the cd-rom , you should be able to figure it out . You can even program a time zone that it is missing if necessary , which is a great feature for the world traveler.ScratchingThe bezel and crystal can tend to get scratched because of the way they are shaped -LRB- domed , convex , curved ... take your pick -RRB- . The band also shows scratches , though I see little difference in the level of scratching between a steel watch and a titanium watch . To replace the bezel is about $ 30 , the crystal at $ 15 , and the band at a whopping $ 107.10 -LRB- plus shipping and handling cost and labor -RRB- . My feeling is if you do n't want to scratch your watch , leave it in the box . Life happens , and scratching a watch is part of that life . If it gets to a point of distraction , then by all means replace parts as necessary.Eco-DriveThe Eco-Drive power system is phenomenal on this watch . I love knowing I could store this watch in a drawer for four years and it would still be able to tell the time without a problem . In one word , snazzy.What I Would ChangeMy only issue with this watch is that it still has a crown , for what I do not know . It could have been easily replaced by a third mode button , but I do n't design watches so I ca n't claim to be an expert . I also would have made the phosphor coating better by using tritium instead , so it could produce a glow independent of lighting conditions . Other than that , I am perfectly satisfied with this watch and plan to purchase more titanium Eco-Drive watches in the future .
 I had an echo drive that I bought 8 years ago and have been using it . My only problem was that in Winter it stops working when we wear long sleeves and after a while the charge would run out . As a result I had to put it under a light for a few hours at night every once in a while . I bought the new Skyhawk Echodirve and noticed that they have improved the technology so much that I do n't see that problem anymore . I am impressed and I really like the watch functionally .
 Love having to not worry about batteries . Love the multiple time zone capability
 I got this watch for Xmas and it is amazing what it can do . It is nice and big , but light on the weight . Only problem I 've had is that the external dial sometimes gets stuck and it is hard to move , but if you put some preassure to it , it will move again easily . I love the function that you dont have the change the hour when changing time zones , you change the time zone and the watch will `` know '' the correct time . Awesome watch , truly .
 OK , I am a watch tramp . I love watches and the Citizen Eco-Drive is a wonderful design . The Blue Angels watch is very lightweight , easy to use and looks great . For less than $ 300 you have a dressy sport watch or a sporty dress watch or just a way cool timekeeper .
 I ordered this watch for my husband who is a big NY fan . He does n't wear it much because he is n't the type to wear big watches , but when he does wear it , he gets lots of comments and compliments . This watch is big , sparkles great and definitely makes a BLING statement .
 I own several other Citizen watches and except for one irritating detail , this is my favorite . The clasp on this watch stinks . It is difficult to put on and as opposed to the typical foldover type clasps it has very little adjustibility . The foldovers allow you to adjust in small increments , but on this watch it 's a full link or nothing , probably a good 1/4 '' or so . This is the reason I gave it only 4 stars . Other iterations -LRB- Blue Angels etc. -RRB- of this watch with the stainless or titanium bands may be of the conventional foldover clasps . I have n't seen any of these in person.It 's a fairly heavy watch so if this is not to your liking you may want to opt for one of the titanium versionsThe timer and alarm functions are great and easy to use . I bought it primarily for the time zone feature and this works great unless you are looking for one of those weird 1/2 hr time zones . You are able to add one city/timezone that you can input a 3 letter abbreviation for the city and the time offset from GMT/UTC . I wish you were able to add more of your own and delete some of the other preset cities but this is not a showstopper.The rotating dial-sliderule does work but I doubt that I will use it much . It does look good , however . Overall it is an attractive and functional watch . I really like the solar power feature . It keeps very accurate time.A tip when setting the time : Synchronize the SECONDS with an accurate time source , and then proceed to change the hr . and minute times . The seconds keep ticking while you are setting the hr . and minute . Just make sure you ae getting the minute set correctly in relation to where the seconds are . -LRB- Harder to write than to do . -RRB-
 I own two other Citizen watches and I love them . The style is great and they keep excellent time . I put my watches through some abuse and have never had any problem with them . I have coveted the Skyhawk for some time having first seen it in the Blue Angels model . I did however opt for a less expensive and plainer model but the same watch . This is the perfect watch for a `` techhead '' . And those of you who have reservations about doing online business with Amazon , have no fear ! I have been extremely pleased with the service .
 I did n't think I would buy this watch from Amazon but with free shipping it was the best deal on the net . I went on a 3 week trip to Europe with it and the various time zones was great . This watch is actually not as complicated to use as it seems . The lume at night is good . I just wish the alarm was a little louder . The ruler is a great tool to use for currency conversion when traveling overseas . It is also quite accurate
 Yeah , yeah , yeah ... I know , I know , I know ... Bond wears a Seamaster and before that a Rolex Submariner ... I just received this watch as a gift from my wife in honor of our anniversary and although I have not had a chance to delve into all of its features yet , I am already extremely thrilled about this watch . I do n't travel a lot internationally but I do have many international business contacts which require careful considerations with respect to time differences . I used to go on the internet to check the world time before phoning them , now I just push a few buttons on my watch and I 'll know what time it is anywhere in the world at my conveniece.Another reviewer said the watch 's weight might be a concern , but frankly , I rather relish it . As my parents used to say , `` If it 's heavy , it 's probably expensive . ''
 The watch is beautiful and has held up great in the 3 yrs I 've owned it . The band on the other hand is horrible , I have had to have it repaired several times due to the black links falling off . I liked this band for my husband better due to it being more sporty rather than dressy , however I now wish I would have purchased this watch with the all titanium band .
 I was intrigued by this watch . My only concern was about how difficult it would be to use . Much to my delight , this watch was easy to set and very easy to use . The features are the ones that you will use if you travel between time zones.Highly Recommended !
 I 've had this watch for about a week , picked it up for $ 125 on shnoop.com and it is quickly growing on me . Fit & finish is great and it has a very nice bezel . It took me a little while to size the bracelet but not a big deal . This is my first eco-drive and the solar engine works very well . A day in the sun and the watch is charged for several months ; if it goes into power saver mode the watch can go two years on a full charge . I would n't worry about the weight on this one
 Big Face and mirror look truly enhances and provides a feminie look . . I bought two of these watches one as a gift , and one for myself . Both of us love the watch .
 The Betty Boop watch was perfect , it was worth the cost , and it was received on time in perfect condition .
 I recommend this watch . The 28C03 is a Swiss-made timepiece that uses the Valjoux 7750 mechanical automatic chronograph movement , which is a very respected movement . The caseback has a window so you can see the movement at work . The rotor -LRB- it winds the movement when you wear your watch -RRB- is decorated with the Accutron logo . The watch is substantial but not overly big in diameter , though it is thick . Very nice multi-piece bracelet . This watch is all about the movement . What 's a little unusual is that the day of week is displayed ; most often that disk is left covered by the dial . My understanding is that this watch is no longer being manufactured .
 i bought this watch about 3 to 4 years ago . it has worked perfectly everyday . as the other review says it is a little bigger than some watches but that is the style for the more exclusive brands . it is just beautiful . i have had nothing but compliments since purchasing . this did not happen with more expensive watches i have owned . i also notice that unlike many other brands the resale value of the accutron remains high . i am totally happy and would buy another .
 I recieved this as a gift for Christmas from my assistant . I have to admit I am usually a person that likes the cute little watches on women , but once I wore this I LOVED it . It 's actually very lightweight and comfortable . I end up forgetting that it 's one . I LOVE this watch so much !
 EXCELLENT WATCH , WHEREVER I GO EVERYBODY ASK ME WHERE I BOUGHT IT . NEVER HAD HAD A NAUTICA WATCH BEFORE , THIS IS MY FIRST , AND IT DID N'T DISSAPOINTED ME . IT 'S GOOD SIZED , KEEPS CORRECT TIME AND NICE LOOKING . THE ONLY THING I DO N'T LIKE THAT MUCH IS THE BAND , BUT THAT 'S SOMETHING YOU CAN FIX WITH AN SPARE ONE . I RECOMMENDE IT TO EVERYONE , YOU WILL FEEL IT 'S WORTH MORE THAN IT COSTS .
 I have had this watch for about 2 years and it still works fine . The # 1 thing that surprised me about it was its Scratch resistant face . Nearly no scratches after 2 years of vigorous use . All in all a great watch .
 I would of never have thought that I could get a better deal on Amazon than ebay but I did !
 A great looking watch . Durable & waterproof . It keeps time perfectly . The dial for the date works but you ca n't tell the date . The dial for the hour of the day apparently is there for looks although it works fine . If you need to see the date , not for you . I use a stopwatch when I walk & have a timer on my bike . All I need is to tell time . Fits the bill for me . Some say the band is uncomfortable . Not the case for me.It really is a sporty , goodlooking watch and you can not beat the Amazon price . Arrived in 2 days via prime in a gorgeous box .
 BUEN PRODUCTO , BUENA RELACION PRECIO / CALIDAD , LLEG&Oacute; EN TIEMPO Y FORMA , HASTA AHORA FUNCIONA CORRECTAMENTE , LO RECOMENDARIA SIN LUGAR A DUDAS .
 Obtuve un buen reloj por un bajo costo , como dicen por ahi
 I wanted a watch with a yellow dial for my collection , but did not want to spend more than a C-Note . Even if this watch only lasts a year , it is a great value for the price ! The band however is very uncomfortable so if you buy this watch , plan on replacing it . It is the only reason this watch does not get 5 stars .
 I bought this watch to replace a Skagen timepiece with a broken crystal.Rather than pay Skagen their repair fee , plus postage to and from the factory , I bought this terrific Nautica multifunction watch . It is beautiful and rugged , and has a handsome , comfortable sports band . It also keeps time accurately and , unlike similarly-priced watches , has a Japanese movement -- when many at this price have Chinese movements.I encountered some issues though , though . The first of these watches I received from amazon had an hour-hand that was too `` far ahead '' to be easily read or accurate . At 5:30 , the hour hand was very close to six . Now , I have a second watch , and both hour and minute hands are where they should be . The second-hand , however , moves between the tick-marks on the dial -- but not a big deal.The most annoying issue was setting the three function dials . Setting the day is a cinch ; but to change the calendar , I had to advance the watch forward for nearly 20 days to get the mini-dial to the proper date.For the money , though , I doubt you 'll find better than this . It 's a durable sports watch that doubles for dress . If you do n't mind a thicker , heavier timepiece , you 'll love it . If you prefer a thin , lightweight watch , this might not be for you . Also note that it 's water-resistant , not waterPROOF.At this writing , this Nautica model carries a 5-year limited warranty if purchased directly from amazon . Nice perk and a good buy .
 great watch for its price . looks expensive than it actually costs . i think the resin strap is really made like that since its a diver 's watch . i agree with the other reviewers , you can solve the strap issue with replacing it , there are straps here on amazon that may fit this watch . i recommend it !
 After I recieved this watch I set it right away the instructions were in plain understandable directions . It has kept perfect time with no let up . The only thing about this watch was the band , if you have a large wrist it is uncomfortable to wear . My recomendation is change the band to a adjustable sport strap it is very comfortable to wear on your wrist . All in all a great work or whatever social function watch . The packaging on this watch was top notch . I was very well impressed with the quality workmanship of this time piece . I give this watch a thumbs up.For everyones eyes to read
 I ordered this watch and received it quickly , and it is beautiful ! I gave it to my husband on our wedding day , and he loves it . It really has a unique look . I would definitely recommend this item .
 Wonderful watch . I received it within a week of payment . This watch would be best `` bang for your buck '' because for its price , you get so many functions with the watch . I love the digital/analog combination . It gives the precision of the digital display with the look of a an analog . Stopwatch , world times , alarm ... it has everything . Very nice stainless steel , as well . I 'm impressed with Casio . They 've really stepped up .
 I received this watch in a very timely manner , like 3-4 days with regular shipping . It took me about 15 minutes to get it set to my liking , I did have it fit to my wrist professionally . It is a wonderful watch with style and still geek like features . I like the 3 alarms and I use them daily . Digital and analog . You ca n't beat this watch especially for the cost .
 If you are looking for an analog/digital watch that is all stainless steel , durable , water resistant to 100 meters and has world time , stopwatch , count down timer , alarms , an LED backlight and a 10 year battery - this is the watch you are looking for . I had one that lasted for 5 years , and used the daylights out of it - especially world time , stopwatch , and countdown timer - it got water in it during a snorkeling adventure in Kauai when a rubber strap on an underwater camera continuous pressed one of the buttons . I looked and looked for the same model and found it through one of Amazon 's partners . I love it because it has a smaller format -LRB- not a huge thing hanging on my wrist -RRB- , but has a relatively larger LCD display for digital data . I hope Casio keeps making this one - my ideal watch !
 This watch works properly and has useful funktions . It 's more komfortable tohave watch on the hand not to look my GSM and works more corectly . It has a semple desighn and I can use it with sport and oficial wear . I like it .
 This watch sells directly from Timex for $ 54.95 . Do n't be duped .
 I think they forgot they had this watch at amazon for the price I bought it because when I checked the shippers website it was about 150 more . Anyway this is a very good swiss made watch . The dial has a subtle texture to it and the bracelet is very comfortable . You can actually keep track of three time zones if you need to with the inner rotating bezel . My first Accutron purchase but not my last . Oh and the shipper got the watch to me quicker than estimated . Very happy with purchase .
 This watch is ALL stainless steel . If you 're tired of watches with a plastic case where the silver paint wears off and the case breaks under normal wear , this may be the watch for you . It is a little heavy but to be expected from a solid steel case . It has the feel of real quality . The alarm could be a little louder but the sound has to make it through all that steel . I owned the plastic version of this watch ; the point where the watchband attaches broke within two years -LRB- so much for a watch with a 10 year battery -RRB- . Note that this watch is 100 meter water resistant not 50 ; also this is a Casio EFA110D not an EFA11-D -LRB- both very good things -RRB- . The seller JUSTCALCULATORS was excellent . I ca n't say enough good things about this watch . I am very pleased with the purchase .
 I wanted to buy an inexpensive watch but could n't stand any plastic or cheap material . This watch is ideal for that purpose . It is pretty and all metal . However I find the hands do not stand out very clearly from the wathc face because of their colors . It would be nice if they use lighter color for the two watch hands . But it 's not such a big deal . After a few weeks , I 'm getting used to the new look of my watch now !
 I have owned this watch for over 10 years , a watch inherited from my Mother . It was not bought from Amazon and I noticed it is not even available `` new '' from Amazon . The `` used '' one Amazon is selling is not even a white mother-of-pearl -LRB- MOP -RRB- , but a gold dial . In fact , this model is so rare that you will unlikely find it in stock online nor from a brick and mortar store JEWELRY STORE . So why am I reviewing it now ? Because , if you can find it , you have found yourself a TREASURE . Also , it is Mother 's Day Weekend . This is a tribute to a beloved Mother who lovingly gave me a truly beloved watch . -RRB- There are many fakes being sold and replicas that purport to be the `` real thing . '' BUYER BEWARE . I have a friend who fell in love with my watch so much that she was desperate enough to buy a fake from China . Well , the watch was a MINI -LRB- 22.5 -RRB- size , NOT the 25.5 mm size of this one . Since then , she has bid and won a couple from eBay ... and , yes , they were also the MINI size -LRB- even the sellers themselves erroneously measure the watch by including the crown . With the crown , the 22.5 mm MINI constellations are just under/about 25mm . She returned the watches promptly -RRB- . With the crown , this watch should measure about 28mm wide . If you do decide to buy a used one of this model -LRB- or any watch -RRB- , be sure to buy from a trusted source and try to get the COA -LRB- Card or Certificate of Authenticity -RRB- . To my understanding , Omega has stopped production of this particular model sometime in mid-2008 . Since then , they have come out with the Omega Constellation Series 2009 . They have various other Constellation -LRB- Iris , My Choice -RRB- models with diverse bezels but , in my opinion , this is the most elegant , understated and classic model . The new Lady Constellations now come in 24mm , 27mm , 31mm , 35mm and 38mm sizes . I should note that these high-end quartz watches are VERY efficient . There is no second hand to wear out the battery quickly . In the 10 years I have owned the watch , I have replaced the battery only ONCE , back in 2008 -LRB- it is now 2011 -RRB- . My watch originally came with a `` center '' gold bar and brushed silver/stainless steel bracelet -LRB- unlike the Amazon picture with the full bar -RRB- . The MOP of pearl dial is smooth yet textured enough to show that it is a genuine pearl dial . The diamond hour markers are large enough , sparkles , yet are not gaudy or ostentatious . I believe Omega made a mistake in replacing the bezel style of their new Constellation Series . The new Models do not look `` classic . '' But they are still Omegas - a brand you will never regret buying and owning . In summary , this is a watch and a brand that I will proudly pass on to MY beloved daughter one day .
 Very fast delivery even during the Christmas season -LRB- the package arrived earlier than the estimated time -RRB- . The item was in perfect condition and with a very good packaging . Some slight mix-up occured with the tax charging , but everything ended fine .
 It 's your basic of the basic of the digital watch . It 's got information you need on one screen . In fact that was the reason i purchased the watch . It 's tiny and comfortable . The 10 yr battery life , i 'll have to report on that . It 's only year 1 i think , so 9 more to go . But i think it was an excellent purchase . This watch is exactly what it clams to be . Simple and perfect for it 's job . Highly recommended .
 If you want to know what time it is then all you need is a $ 16 Casio . The battery lasts interminably if one refrains from using the lamp . Ultra reliable in the rain or shower under normal circumstances .
 I am rather opinionated when it comes to luxury watches . This comes from spending 2 years in watchmaking school , studying directly under the guidance of a certified master swiss watchmaker who came here from Europe . Watches , especially mid to high grade swiss watches , are a passion of mine . I am not loyal to a brand or a style or anything else . I judge them for what they are , in terms of quality , function , construction , and style . A watchmakers point of view.This said I will tell you that this particular watch is what I consider to be a `` best kept secret '' sort of watch . This is an AUTOMATIC watch -LRB- read
 The Omega Constellation is elegant but simple and absoultely stunning . I have found it to be very reliable and it definitely garners rave reviews from friends and associates . I really like it because it is so pure and completely integrated . It sets off your wrist in a very stylish but modest manner without any hint of garishness . Simple , but elegant , for the man who has what it takes but does n't have to stridently announce it .
 Omega Men 's Constellation Double Eagle Watch # 1513.30 This watch stands out ! Expect positive comments from strangers who , like yourself , will not be able to look away from your wrist.You will love the watch so much that you will feel like you are not wearing your other watches enough!Buy this watch ! It is worth every single penny . ''
 Ordered this for a gift and it is unbelievable . Better than expected . Would highly recommend this item and/or the merchant . May consider purchasing more of these as presents next holiday season .
 Just got the box , it seems to work fine . had to put it in another room it keeps me up at night .
 The Casio F91W is a simle timepiece that 's super-reliable , water-resistant , and inexpensive . The battery lasts a long time , too . I had one and it was just a perfect utilitarian alarm watch.I lost the watch a couple years ago , but this morning 's MSNBC report that the U.S. gov ' t has found this particular watch to be the favorite among terrorists brought back my fond memories of this durable timepiece .
 Have been using Casio watches for a long time . It 's a very good value . The last one is still working , but the band broke . I bought a new one rather than search for and install a band .
 The Casio F91W1 is perhaps the greatest time piece ever created since Harrison invented the first reliable watch in Greenwich England . It is classy , sleek , reliable and the battery lasts 7 years . While most people strive to constantly score bigger , brighter , clunkier and more expensive watches , I 'll stick with the basics - thank you very much .
 I have had this watch before & this is my 3rd one . I like the price of this watch . It is very affordable . Very tough and can get wet . The alarm feature has worked well for me in the past . The backlight is very good if you are in the movies & want to see the time . I do n't have to worry about losing this watch because I could get another one . I would recommend .
 I can keep track of the time -LRB- it gains about 5s per month -RRB- , measure my jogging pace , and trade a $ 60M hedge fund using the alarm , all for $ 10 . Truly these are the days of miracle and wonder !
 Great watch , great price , GREAT DEAL ... How can you beat that !
 This is a nice solid timepiece . If you wear it too tightly , the band may break off eventually , but other than that , it puts up with a lot of abuse . It 's very convenient having it be waterproof enough that I just take it into the pool or shower or lake with me.If it had a countdown timer as well as its other features , I 'd rate it a full 5 stars , instead of the 4 stars I am giving it .
 I bought a watch like this in the early 80s , and since then I 've bought many watches , but for some reason , I always return to this classic digital watch as my favorite piece to wear on my wrist . It 's light and almost unnoticeable . It does n't have that many thrills , it 's barely water resistant , but it has the simple classic look the digital watches I remember from my childhood . Yes , you can buy a bulky G-Shock or whatever , but this watch is one of its kind . It will not stand out and blend in nicely with any attire , even business suits . Wear it and be proud !
 I love this watch . It has all I need - time , date , alarm , and backlight . It 's thin and lightweight . It 's so cheap , I do n't fret if it gets washed , dropped , scratched , or dropped in the deep fryer.My only complaint is that the watchband is not that long , and even though I have average-sized man wrists , I have to use the last or next to last hole to wear it , which means there is n't a lot to tuck into the strap band . If you have big wrists , this probably wo n't fit you .
 I bought this watch 10 years ago and I totally abuse it with use . It just will not die so I can justify getting a new one . Oh well , on to the eleventh year ...
 This watch remined me of my school days and its still a classic . The company that popularised digital watches . Casio makes some cool digital watches that are out of reach for many other watch manufacturers even today . Bought this as a gift for my nephews ... Let the tradition continue .
 It 's an excellent little watch . It 's light , waterproof enough for swimming , keeps accurate time , has a light to read the time it in the dark , and it 's cheap enough that it 's not a big deal if you lose it . It 's also the watch listed in the Combat Status Review Tribunal transcripts of 18 Guantanamo detainees and given as a reason for their continued detention . -LRB- Wikipedia
 I have had this approximate model for years . It has a large digital readout , day/date , alarm , night light and a stopwatch . It is easy to read and use , is slim on my wrist -LRB- no fat divers ' watches for me ! -RRB- , nice looking and inexpensive . In addition , it is non-allergenic to my apparently acid skin chemistry . No base metal finish to turn green and make sores on my skin . I love it .
 This watch has everything I want and nothing I do n't . I wanted a light , stopwatch , alarm , day and date displayed , water-resistance , small face , cheap price , easy to use , and reliable . I set it to US official time and checked it a month later , it was only 7 seconds fast . Casio has kept making this time-tested , user-friendly design for a long time , and I hope to be able to buy another one when this one breaks in 20 years .
 If Casio would make a more durable watch strap , I 'd never need to buy another one . But I love this watch . The strap usually lasts about 2 years and then I throw away the watch and buy another just like it.It 's easy to program and I like the alarm and timer functions .
 I was very impressed about the very fast delivery . Product is in good order and condition . Thanks a lot .
 After Danish cycling Team CSC 's extraordinarily successful seasons of 2004 , and 2005 , Skagen Designs reasoned they could score a marketing coup and plug into their Danish heritage with sponsorship of Team CSC for the '06 season , and release of a limited commemorative watch collection to appeal to cycling enthusiasts worldwide.Skagen Designs unveiled its upscale Team CSC quartz watch collection -LRB- six watches -RRB- in early 2006 with market release slated in June 2006 ; a month before the start of the 2006 Tour de France on 1 July . The 720LTMLBY -LRB- yellow dial -RRB- included a chronograph function along with the distinction of being endorsed and `` signed '' by Ivan Basso . The 720LTMLBY was limited to a run of 1250 watches of which only 250 were slated for U.S. distribution.On 30 June 2006 , the management of the Tour de France announced that CSC team leader Ivan Basso would not be riding in the 2006 Tour due to his implication in the Operaci&oacute;n Puerto -LRB- Operation Mountain Pass -RRB- doping scandal . Basso 's contract with Team CSC was cancelled by mutual consent , and he subsequently refused to authorize DNA tests that could have cleared him conclusively . After adamantly denying involvement , in May 2007 Basso finally acknowledged his participation in Puerto.Innovative and compelling designs , Skagen 's CSC commemorative watch collection rapidly morphed from wide acclaim to commercial failure as cyclists associated the watches with Basso 's admitted doping disgrace . A pity because the watches are striking designs and fine time keepers.Despite that the watch face is marked `` Swiss Made '' , the solid titanium-case is made in China . For a watch to bear the `` Swiss Made '' marking , The Federation of the Swiss Watch Industry requires the movement contain 50 % Swiss content , with final assembly and testing in Switzerland . The watch contains a Swiss-made Ronda Caliber 5030 . D quartz movement that boasts better than four year battery life from a 395 lithium cell -LRB- 1.5 V -RRB- . The 5030 . D is a specialized gold-plated , 13 jewel quartz movement .
 This is an incredibly hot looking watch and is made with precision , down to the great black leather band with the yellow stripe ! Easy to read , and a great conversation piece , all bundled in a Skagen Swiss movement - not Japanese !!
 NAUTICA IS ONE OF MY FAVORITE WATCH BRANDS BECAUSE THEY PUT A LOT OF QUALITY INTO THEIR FAIRLY PRICED WATCHES!THE ONLY ISSUE THAT HAD WITH THIS MODEL WAS THAT THE ORIGNAL BAND WAS TOO SMALL FOR MY WRIST ... I CHANGED THE BAND TO A BLACK GATOR SKIN W / WHITE STITCHING , REALLY BRINGS OUT THE DETAILS OF THE WATCH FACE !
 I always prefer watches with leather bands . It 's nice to find one that is stylish and easy to read . I get a lot of comments on it . I also have the yellow version of this watch . Both are unique .
 This item is the expected Omega quality and workmanship - second to none . It is shipped in a beautiful inner box with a bow , sure to please the lady in your life .
 This watch by Invicta is absolutely gorgeous , without being gaudy . Its elegance is understated but evident in its accuracy and quality . I was lucky enough to acquire one in yellow gold with a blue face w/arabic numerals and my buddy got his in rose gold with a black face with roman numerals . We were both going to buy a white faced version , but we waited too long and they were all sold out
 This watch is not worth anything near its $ 395 retail price . I 've owned several Skagen watches over 20 years and never had one fail . The plastic band has a metal loop that I had to remove because the strap is very stiff making it impossible to unbuckle . It has a plastic loop though so the metal one was n't really needed . The instructions I got were for a generic chronograph and somewhat confusing . I still do n't know how to operate or set the inset dials . I really just wanted a nice looking sport watch and this fits the bill . This watch is not thin like most Skagen products .
 I am having this watch for some time and it is an excellent product . I am not sure why the ` home ' position for the chronograph hand is not at 12 o ' clock position .
 After wearing a Rolex for 25 years I recently purchased this Omega . My comments are simple
 I have needed a GMT for a while now and let me say one thing , the picture does this watch no justice ! The cool thing about this GMT is that it is a retrograde in the alternate time zone which to me really adds to the uniqueness and classiness of this watch . The polished brass casing and leather strap really are a winning combination . All the complications to me are easily read ; especially with my glasses on , lol . If you have needed a GMT for your collection this puppy will not disappoint you . This watch exudes good craftsmanship .
 For the price , this is a very good looking watch with good features . The calendar is large and easy to read , the dual time is a great feature and easy to set . The screw in crown makes it watertight , so no worrys when it gets wet . It is a bit thick -LRB- 13mm -RRB- , but most watches with these features are . Overall , I am very happy with this watch .
 Bought it from Dillards , looks very good and versatile as dress watch or party watch with the more modern crocodile leather design .
 I received this for Christmas and love it - the size of the face is perfect , not too big , but visible from a distance ... it goes beautifully with platinum jewelry .
 I was looking for a silver watch that was a little more on the dressy side than the sport side . Its difficult to find a watch in between that . I really love this style , it blends well with my wedding ring and they look good together . I have a smallish wrist and I can wear it as is or have some links taken out to fit snug . I think for now , I 'll leave it loser . Its very comfortable to wear and the watch blends in size-wise with the width of the band , so there is n't any large head for the watch . I really am not a fan of that look , its too manly for me . I really love the deal too , Amazon is great . I ordered it on Tuesday and received Friday . Treat to me ! And , I think I deserve it , and I appreciate it . It 's beautiful . note
 BEAUTIFUL WATCH !! I GOT MINE AS A GIFT FROM MY BROTHER AND SINCE THEN IT 'S CALLING EVERYBODY 'S ATTENTION ALL THE TIME . AS EVERY BIG AND RESPECTABLE WRIST WATCH , IT 'S A LITTLE UNCOMFORTABLE SOMETIMES , MUST IF YOU HAVE TO WEAR A LONG SLEEVE SHIRT.I LIKE THE BLUE LEATHER BAND WHEN IT 'S NEW . AFTER DAILY USE , IT STARTS TO HAVE A `` FUNNY '' SMELL DUE TO THE SWEAT . ONE THING ON THIS NAUTICA , I DO N'T KNOW WHAT HAPPENED TO MY CHRONOMETER -LRB- TACHYMETER -RRB- BUT WHEN I TRY TO PUT IT IN ZERO TO RECORD TIME , THE GAUGE GOES EITHER BEFORE OR AFTER THE ZERO , BUT NEVER TO THE START POSITION ! NO IDEA . PERHAPS MINE ITS THE ONLY ONE WITH THIS PROBLEM ... DESPITE THESE DRAWBACKS , IT 'S A VERY NICE COOL PIECE AND YOU FEEL LIKE YOU ARE `` WEARING '' A WATCH SO IT 'S AN EXCELLENT GIFT FOR EVERYONE !
 -LSB- WARNING
 Beautiful watch , very light and comfortable.Titanium is a must if you are allergic to metal.My only negative point is that the scratches are more visible on a black watch.Recommended .
 -LSB- WARNING
 This watch has a great classic look and a nice substantial feel . I dislike metal bands , so I purchased this -LRB- good price -RRB- with the intention of replacing the stainless with a leather band ; after replacing it , I love the look and feel of it . The only negative about this watch is there is not much contrast between the color of the dial , the numbers , and the hands , making it difficult to read in dim light if the luminous markers are not `` charged '' ; in normal light it reads fine and in the dark the luminous markers are very bright and easy to read , but dim by morning . Overall , I like it a lot and recommend it . It is a nice and affordable quality watch . The day after I bought mine the price went from $ 74.95 to $ 99.00 ???
 Outstanding value . Watch was ordered on Saturday night and arrived on Tuesday . Thats only two working day delivery with standard shipping . This watch is a good looking light weight and medium sized . The dial is easy to read and is very easy to set the time , day and month . No instructions were needed . The watch was ordered from JustCalculators .
 This is a good watch . I tend to bump my watches a lot and sometimes forget to take my nice watches off when I am working outside . I have chainsawed and moved brush with this watch accidentally on and all it seemed to do was wind it more thoroughly . It is none the worse for wear . I have bumped it numerous times and it still works . I would n't try and crush it mind you but it is a durable watch for day to day activities and looks great in a formal setting too .
 Watch arrived damaged . My experience with customer service was superb . I was told to return the item , and they would replace it . Seamless service with great business etiquette , I would purchase from Just Calculators again .
 I commend and recommend Just Calculators ; my watch arrived damaged , and after speaking with Leon , he made the return seamless ; Such good business etiquette , I 'd definitely do business with this company again .
 The watch is even better than shown on the picture.It really changes the color as the other fellow says on his review . The weight and size are compatible and it has a nice cost benefit relation .
 This is the second Omega watch that I own and I absolutely love it ! It has become my almost everyday watch for work . The image really does n't do it any justice . The dial colors , the marker and the bracelet are just beautiful . You have to wear it and hold it to really appreciate it . I find that it keeps fairly accurate time and will hold enough energy for about 24-32 hours if not worn each day . I highly recommend this watch .
 The watch came with all the cards including a pictogarm card , a warranty card , a chronometer certificate card and a manual.This watch has been keeping great time and it is loosing less than 1 second per day . Its blues and indexes look great . Some people said it shows 2 different colors , but in my opinion it represents at least 4 kinds of color based upon the angle.I am very satisfied with its quality and look.I bought it through Amazon when they were doing promotion with Amazon Store card offering six month credit.I opine that this watch should be in your wish list if you are looking for a high-end watch at around $ 3,000 price range .
 I got this about two months ago and have been in absolute love with it . I have big wrists and like heavier watches so this one fits me well . The color of the dial actually changes , depending on sunlight conditions
 The watch looks great and feels sturdy . It has some heft to it , like a man 's watch should.It keeps pretty good time . Mine gains 3 to 4 seconds a day , or about 2 minutes per month . I just set it about thirty seconds behind , and then check it again a couple of weeks later , so I 'm never even a full minute off true . But I like messing with it . Someone who wants to set and forget might find it a hassle.The bracelet does n't seem to have the same heft as the watch itself . Just a bit flimsy , IMO . But fully functional , comfortable , and easy to put on and take off . I like the fold over clasp.I love how simple it looks . I have the black face on stainless silver , and it just looks classy . No designs or circles or other junk to distract from telling time.The luminescent dial and hands work well , too . I 've fallen asleep with it on , and I can wake up hours later and know what time it is because of the dim glow.Overall , I love it . I highly recommend it , if this is an item you 're considering .
 I recently ordered this jewel after looking at it on eBay for a long time . I always came back to it , mainly due to it 's style . The asymmetry , sharp angles , dual color LCD 's , and `` eye '' just look plain cool . Compared to the shots Amazon has , it looks much better in person . There is n't much else to say that has n't been said about other G 's . They are tough , comfortable , affordable , and disposable . This one is the smallest I own , but not a small watch by any means . I took one star off because the strap is rather thin in terms of depth and is n't as comfortable as others I have .
 This watch is beautiful , it was very well-received by my fiance . The picture looks a little dull compared to the actual product . Great presentation box , too .
 I 've owned this model for over 4 years and have never had any problems with it . The best feature is it 's able to store e-information -LRB- passwords , user names , etc -RRB- . When I was deployed to Afghanistan , it 's ability to go to a different time zone at the push of a button was a big plus . I still use this feature when I travel abroad . I 've used it while surfing and it definitely can take a beating . Excellent buy .
 This is great product . G-2900 is my first G-shock watch , so really can not compare with other G-shocks . Well , first of all I have purchased G 9000 1V from Macys , and then returned it . G 9000 is also great watch , i have returned it for only one reason and it has more sporty / outgoing look , I love that look thats why I purchased it and then suddenly realize that it wont go to much of my office-ware . Now again back to G-2900 . Likes :1 -RRB- It has 10 yr battery life . some review says after replacing battery -LRB- opening watch -RRB- sometime it loosed its water resistance . so I thought of purchasing longer battery life.I am using it from last 3 months ;-RRB- . Lets hope battery runs atlest 6-8 yrs .2 -RRB- I can store important numbers in internal memory . I ofter forget my cell phone at home / car / gym and not good to remember phone numbers . So internal memory helps me .3 -RRB- It has 4 regular alarms , 1 SNZ -LRB- snooze -RRB- alarm & 1 SIG -LRB- my fav -RRB- alarm . good part of 4 regular alarm is it can show 3 letter description on screen . so I put sometime `` gym '' 7:00 pm . when alarm turn on at 7:00 pm it show 3 letter only `` gym '' on screen.SIG is my favorite . When it turns on it beeps twice every hour . Sometime in office you do n't see time regularly . but SIG remind every hour and I can get back to my work .4 -RRB- While driving a car in night , `` Auto EL Backlight with Afterglow '' feature is very handy . You just need to move your hand 30-40 degree up and BackLight glows automatically.DisLikes :1 -RRB- Backlight only turn on for 1-2 seconds , which some time annoy me . Many times in night I forget to set up alarm . And then there is no feature -LRB- or I dont know how to turn on yet -RRB- that turn on back light for longer time so I can set up alarm . Same thing happen while driving a car in night if I want to setup timer or see world time back light only glows for 1-2 second when I move my hand upwards but can not see much in that duration.All over its great watch . I love it . I fully recommend it to buy . I bought it from kohls . So no comments on how amazon handle shipping / returning / warranty and all .
 I 've had my ` Casio G-2900F-2VER ' for many years now and it 's as reliable now as when I first bought it . It has a solid , rubber strap and the now classic G-Shock casing that resists bangs and impact with ease . This watch has all the features I need for my leisure activities , like a chronograph , 200 metres water resistance , strong back light , world time and alarm functions , as well as an email address setting that I use less . This comes with a ten year battery and when the watch is so cheap this makes for a significant bargain over the years . This is an inexpensive , sturdy and supremely functional watch and well worth considering.Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page .
 I purchased one 12 years ago , and I use it every day . It still works fine . What else can you ask for $ 60 ... By the way , It still have the original battery .
 This is my second casio g-shock watch . My last one lasted for about 8 years and the battery died . The only reason I decided to buy a new one was because the old one was showing it 's age . I expect this one to last just as long or longer .
 This watch is very solidly built . It has everything most of us need , and looks good and is very solid . Thumbs up !
 My previous watch was the same model . It lasted 7 years until its plastic frame fell apart . The battery was still going strong . The watch band lasted 2 to 3 years . I had to replace the band 3 times in 7 years . It is an old model , the only G-Shock model that stores data . Easy to read , day and night .
 Appears to be a very durable well made sports watch . Does all the basics easily and the display is large enough to read . There are numerous features that I would n't use but all the sports watches have these , ie
 I love this watch . It is the quality I expect from Casio . I work in a job where the watch gets banged around and I have not had a problem with it . I would highly recommend it to anyone .
 Love the watch.Bought it on sale.Because of the snowy conditions in the neck of my woods , delivery took more than 2 weeks.Only issue I have is that the tracking number given by jomashop was not recognized by USPS tracker .
 I bought this watch in december 2006 I have had it for 4 years , I love this watch its tough , the one thing I do n't like about it is it is hard to set when time change comes every year i always have to go to the direction booklet to fix the time , the older casios u could figure them out this one not so easy . It has n't mess a beat works great , I have not changed the battery eitheri hope it goes the full ten years . The display very easy to read . I would buy this watch again , I work outside 90 % of the time it has taken some shocks
 This watch is smaller in diameter and sleeker than the monster G-shocks of a few years ago , although just as thick . The display of the seconds and date could be a little bigger . It 's readable , just smaller than it could be . Buttons all work smoothly , band is comfortable although it could be a little longer . If you have fat wrists or want to wear it over a wet suit , you might have a problem.Otherwise a great watch . One month and no problems . I just wish they would get rid of the gimmicky graphics . They just take up space and add nothing .
 Excelente producto , llego en el tiempo estipulado , muy buena calidad y muy rapido el cierre de la negociacion . Es mucho mejor en personas que en las fotos . Lo recomiendo
 This is a great watch , has everything you need and then some . Also easy to figure out for the most part .
 Good solid watch and handsome to boot . What can be said about a g-shock other than they are great .
 Great watch , I had the same watch before that lasted me over 6 years . The work I did with it was really tough on it and it lasted really well that 's why I hunted and got the same watch again , not to big 10/10
 I 've been looking at different G-Shock models for an `` outdoor '' golf watch . Most of the G-Shocks I 've looked at were too large for my slender wrist . The G2900F is the ideal size . It 's beefy but not too thick . The watch is very light , which is very important too me . Features are perfect for my needs . I 've read too many reviews on the solar watches not charging properly . Why worry about charging when you can have this watch with a 10 year battery?Other key features are multiple alarms , world city times , automatic back light , and countdown timer . Very cool watch !
 I am really pleased with this watch . Easy to operate . Recieved it right before my European vacation and the different time zone function came in handy .
 Although it is not solar , it does have a 10-year battery life , so it will not need attention soon . If you do n't use the light much , it will probably go 12 years.Although has n't got atomic sync , it is accurate to + / - 15s per month ; good enough ! If you 're picky , just re set it every other month . If not , re-set it during the time change-over . What sets this model apart is the eDATA mode . It is a mode for storing secret data , such as logins to websites . This mode is protected by a four-digit PIN code , so it will not fall into the wrong hands.The digits for reading the time are nice & big , so the time is always legible at a glance . Add to this 5 multi-function -LRB- programmable by date -RRB- alarms with text reminder strings , a stopwatch , and countdown timer , and you have a great all-around package.The buttons on the right side of the watch let me scroll upwards or downwards when programming it , so it means less time spent programming . The buttons are easy to press on purpose , as they are nice and big , but not by accident , because they are recessed between the rubber bumpers . The crystal is only mineral glass , but it does not easily get scratched , because it is recessed inside the rubber bezel.The sail-shaped bar graphs at the top are the main point of contention , among G-Shock fans . Some do n't like the shape . I do n't mind them at all.The time of day is visible in the sub display in the timer and alarm modes , which is handy.The price , being under a hundred bucks , is reasonable too for a G-Shock . The backlight is programmable to either stay on for 1.5 or 3 seconds , since this is the main drain on the battery . 1.5 s is enough if you just need the time . If you have to read a sub-display in the dark , you 'll want to change it to 3s . The only thing I 'd change on this watch would be to offer it in a metal bracelet version , as not everyone likes a PUR -LRB- polyurethane resin -RRB- band.I give this Casio G-Shock G2900 `` Sailman '' a 10/10 . It has the most useful combination of features for a modern guy of any Casio watch , in my opinion .
 After showing my son many of the different G-Shock models , he chose this and the 5600 model . He as 12 yrs old when we bought it , and he had thin wrists so we were looking for G-Shocks that were not overly large - like many of them are.Both this and the 5600 turned out to be winners - we now own both . This one fits smaller wrists well , and the watch face is on the smaller end of the spectrum of the G line . It has also grown on me , I love the large numbers for the time , the simplicity of the uncluttered face . If you look at other G-Shocks , this one stands alone in style and is unlike the others ... my son loves it , and after six months works like a charm . We 'll see if the battery truly is 10 years ... I am skeptical but have been proven wrong before!He wears this and the 5600 to school every day , and alternates them evenly . Both watches still look brand new . G-Shocks are tough - they can take a fair amount of abuse -LRB- not misuse -RRB- and are a great choice for a kid . My other son also has two G-Shocks - he is much tougher on his gear , and they too are holding up well.A note on the price I paid - this normally fluctuates in price here on Amazon like many items do . We watched it go from $ 65ish to $ 75ish - we just left it in the Cart . Then one day it dropped into the $ 30 's and we bought it ... we were skeptical it would be new / acceptable , but everything was OK and the watch has worked like a champ . Like many things on Amazon , patience will reward !
 This is a great watch . I recommend it to anyone who is looking for a long lasting stylish g-shock . Great price also !
 This same watch at walmart is 69.99 , twenty dollars cheaper on Amazon . com , it 's a regular size face compared to the original G-Shock 's . I would compare it to the size of a Timex Iron man watch .
 I got this and am returning it . The watch itself seems nice , but the band is too small for me . I am on the last slot , so it is awkward . The display is very clear , and about 1/4 recessed from the shields of the G-shock , so I doubt it would get damaged very easily . If the band was longer , I 'd keep it . Love the idea of the 10 year battery .
 Order on Friday it was here Monday ! A gift for my husband needless to say he love it ! He had a wonderful early birthday present
 I bought this to wear as a dress watch on Sundays . Lots of peopoe have commented on how nice it looks . It also had a great price .
 I bought this watch a couple of years ago , and it still look as great as when I purchased it . It is dainty , but but durable . It 's easy to read the time . I always enjoy wearing it -- great for day and evening . You can never go wrong with Bulova !
 Nice , but very dainty . It has a really small face , but is elegant . Nice watch ...
 I bougth my first Cassio about 30 years ago and it still works very well , so when I was looking for another Cassio I wanted it to be as good and functional as the first one . This one shows the current time in 27 cities and also has 5 alarms , 4 of them you can set with different combinations -LRB- daily , date , 1-month and monthly -RRB- and add a reminder text for each one . I found it very helpful when I had to give three different medications to my dog , I did set each alarm with the name of each medication . The e-Data Memory allows you to save information like your boy/girl friend 's telephone number in case you loose you celular and ca n't remember their number . You can also set a password for you e-Data Memory.The picture shows a nice lite purple color but I believe it is due to flash from the camera when the seller made the picture . When I got my watch it was a very deep dark purple , almost blue navy . For several days I was wondering if they did send me the wrong color . I still do , but it just looks so nice and beautiful that I dont mind . The velcro band fits perfect to me because I can adjust around my skinny wrist.If you decide to buy this watch , I would suggest also that you dont loose the manual .
 I gave this watch to my boyfriend and he couldnt stop looking at it . Not only was it a nice watch , but it got here three days after I bought it , which was the week of valentine 's day -LRB- when the mail is crazy -RRB- . The lady that I delt with was also so nice and so helpful with any questions I had . I would shop from them again anytime ! Thanks
 I bought this watch for my mother . She loved it . It looks really beautiful on her wrist . She wears it with other gold jewelery and it goes very well with it .
 I do n't get the review stating that it 's hard to read at night . I agree that the glowing part of the minute hand can partially cover the 5 minute markers , but it 's still very easy to read once you know your watch . And especially because it really glows brightly . It even glows during an overcast , rainy day here in Vancouver.It 's a great watch . The one I 'm using is a decade or so old and a friend lent it to me while waiting for my Momentum Pathfinder to arrive . The hands really have character and they 're also easy to read . I like the 24 hour numbers for use in airports . It 's been used hard and has proven itself to be a tough watch , but is also attractive in a chunky dive watch kind of way .
 As a watch enthusiast , I can honestly say that one just does n't find many yellow watches for women , which is what makes this watch all the more appealing . I would like to mention how pleased I am with the St. Moritz company for having the notion to make dive watches for women in as many colors as the watches they make for men . Well done.As for the watch , it 's fairly standard . It has a timing bezel and date function , as well as very bright glow in the dark hands . I should mention that I do n't scuba dive , so I have never tested the function of the watch at any considerable depth . I do snorkel , however , and so far the watch and the band have stood up well to salt water.Overall this is an attractive time piece . I recommend it for any outdoorsy sort of woman -LRB- or child , as another reviewer mentioned that he bought this for his son -- I would have loved this when I was a kid -RRB- who can appreciate its eye-catching appearance .
 for ladies this is a nice watch , the cuality is superior , the price is right , lovely watch !!! buy it to your girl frind or wife , a lot of kisses will be sent to you by your lady
 This watch stands out among the crowd of `` Submariner '' look-alikes . Invicta fans might wish it varied more in design from the Rolex namesake model , so that it could escape unencumbered from the stigma typically associated with Rolex look-alikes . Nevertheless ... The quality of craftsmanship is evident from the time you first open the clamshell box . It is an excellent value , surpassing the lesser Invicta models with Japanese automatic movements in material integrity , mechanics , and aesthetics -LRB- though the Japanese mvmt versions do serve to meet a specific niche demand-namely , a decent , reliable $ 100 automatic watch -RRB- . Opt for the Swiss mvmt Invicta models , the difference in craftsmanship far exceeds the difference in price and they remain one of the best values in the automatic watch market.As for accuracy , the ETA Swiss mvmt is very reliable . Mine has required no adjustment in many months -LRB- it is kept on a winder when not being worn -RRB- .
 After receiving my order sooner than expected I thoroughly inspected every detail on this watch . It is extremely well made and I would recommend this purchase to anyone .
 A beautifully crafted , beefy watch - though not overbearing . Quite happy with its looks ... much nicer than the picture gives credit.Arrived in about a week - packaged very professionally ... I could probably even sell the box it came in by itself .
 This watch is a VERY good quality watch and one that is the pinnicle of my collection . I am very impressed with the quality of this product . It is looks like a Rolex but for a fraction of the price ...
 I knew about the watch -LRB- that 's why I bought it -RRB- . But the service was amazing . Best service I ever had . The watch was delivered within three days -LRB- US to Germany -RRB- . Ordered the watch on a Sunday and got a message from UPS in Germany on Tuesday.Besides , a great watch !!! Quality from Switzerland . There 's nothing more to say . I can only recommend this one -LRB- watch and shipper -RRB- !
 I am rather opinionated when it comes to luxury watches . This comes from spending 2 years in watchmaking school , studying directly under the guidance of a certified master swiss watchmaker who came here from Europe . Watches , especially mid to high grade swiss watches , are a passion of mine . I am not loyal to a brand or a style or anything else . I judge them for what they are , in terms of quality , function , construction , and style . A watchmakers point of view.This said I will tell you that this particular watch is what I consider to be a `` best kept secret '' sort of watch . This is an AUTOMATIC watch -LRB- read
 I have acquired this product knowing what I was after . It is a very precise mechanical watch , which will certainly perform its best in outdoor type of situation , be it diving or whatever sport you do . Yet also it has this strong character and the looks to be worn in a formal situation . Thank you very much for such a good timepiece delivered in immaculate order .
 It 's an extermely beautiful watch . Very durable . I would have liked the strap to be a little longer , but it 'll do . Great product .
 It is a good purchase . Looks very formal and it has a Rolex touch . Definitively I do not like the `` window '' with name of the date . Unless you are completely lost in life you will not know today is Tuesday , why to have it in your wirts wathc ...
 The watch is okay except that it has no information on its water resistance ability .
 Had this watch for about 18 months . Wear it nearly every day . Very accurate time piece . Does n't show wear even though it gets banged around on my wrist . Very easy to read . Light aqua blue face color is perfect for me ... not to brash , not too soft . Face is easy to read during the day , and glows in the dark enough to see the time . Watch band closes very securely . It fold over on itself , then has an extra clasp -LRB- which is a bit stiff -RRB- to secure . Easy to put on/take off quickly . I have small wrists and hands , and the watch does not look too bulky . Update August 2011
 Nice looking ladies watch . Love the color , looks even nicer than the photo . It is a deep water watch , it took us a visit to the watch store to get directions on how to set the time . -LRB- My daughter misplaced the directions -RRB- The wheel does not pull out like a regular watch to set the time , as this will compromise the water tight seal . Read your directions carefully when setting the time . Also , the band needed 4 links to be removed in order to fit properly , this was added cost for us , because the jeweler had to do this with special tools .
 I bought this for my young adult daughter who needs a water resistant watch . This appears to be of high quality . The aquamarine color is very pretty and as shown on the picture . The only problem we are having is finding is someone who can shorten the band . One jeweler broke his tool and one damaged a link . We are still working on this .
 It 's beautiful , look very nice and make my mom happy . The price was great because was cheap
 I was pleasantly surprised upon receiving the Timex Reef Gear diver . It is much more substantial than I was expecting , with a very good fit and balance . Easy to size and the Indiglo is great.Hard to beat for the price .
 what else can I say more about seiko products ? every body knows already about its reliability and reputation . Seiko always lives up to its name . -LRB- Excellent product at affordable price !!! . Seiko Women 's Watch #SXGK 60
 Just what I expected . Works well . At first I was worried because moisture would gather on crystal
 Rarely do you find a company so willing to bend over backwards for consumer . Crunched for time I need a watch with a compass fast . I ordered this one and it got here practically overnight . However , the compass was faulty . I contacted customer service explain to them the compass was faulty . I also explained to them that I needed a replacement in a hurry . We went through the usual return process , but these guys shipped out a watch for next day delivery prior to even receiving the faulty one.As luck may have it the second watch had a faulty compass as well . I contacted customer support and explained to them the situation . They told me in all honesty it must 've been a faulty batch and would be more than glad to refund my money . I returned the watch and received a full refund , no hassle.Regardless of what they sell they stand behind their products 100 % and their customer service treated me as if I was the only customer . If only every company valued their consumer as much as these guys . I would definitely purchase another item from them without question and urge you if you are on the bubble to do the same .
 I looked at hundreds of watches in person and on line and chose this one . Here 's why : Style - very attractive , modern chronograph , understated eleganceMaterial - all titanium , brushed finishCrystal - synthetic sapphire , totally scratch resistant , unheard of at this priceDiameter - normal sized watch , as opposed to the current trend in gigantic men 's watchesCalendar - dateWater resistance - 100 m , screw down crownLegibility - white face makes it good in light and darkWarranty - manufacturer 's -LRB- not just Amazon 's -RRB- 2 years , renewable up to 6 years if you send the watch in every 2 years for battery and serviceReviews - other models of this watch have gotten top reviews . One criticism I had read is that the stopwatch function hands do not always reset to zero , but I have not found that to be the case.Alarm - easy to set , but wo n't wake me up , only as a reminderStopwatch function - 1/20th sec , to 12 hrs with rolloverMovement - Japanese quartz movement , amazing accuracy , loses less than a second per monthI ca n't say enough good things about this watch after using it for a month and a half .
 I love whimsical knickknacks . I love the simple charm of analog time pieces . I hate wearing a wrist watch and prefer instead to carry it in my pocket . This handsome silvertone dog-tag watch with a carabiner clip-on was the perfect objectification of my fancies - or so I thought.It happened one day when I pulled it out of my pocket and saw to my horror a star-shaped crack in the middle of the glass face ! I really could n't imagine having inadventently bumped it hard enough to put a crack on it . I had been carrying wrist watches in my pocket for years and had never put a knick or crack on the glass face of a single watch.This watch has a lot going for it . It is a watch with Japanese movement -LRB- however , the outer casing is most likely made in China -RRB- , it is well-designed and attractive , and it has a durable and corrosion-resistant aluminum body.I do n't fault this watch for the mishap and have instead rated it 5 stars just so I do n't skew the rating of an otherwise wonderful product . However , I ca n't help but surmise that perhaps the glass faces on these watches are n't very resilient.Conclusion ---------- I would caution you to the fact that the glass face on this watch might be a little prone to breakage . Barring that , the Men 's Dog-Tag Watch with Chain and Carabiner is an attractive watch that keeps very good time .
 Okay , so I feel a bit like Goldilocks at this point.When my nearly 10-year-old Wenger Standard Issue watch started breaking down -LRB- first the band , then in terms of timekeeping -RRB- , I went online to look for a new watch . I wanted a simple , elegant one that was reliable . But I did have some prerequisites
 This is my second St. Moritz Momentum Pathfinder Alarm Watch ; the first is still working fine , but I wanted the all titanium bracelet for this one . The screw-down feature makes them completely waterproof . I seldom use the alarm feature but it 's nice to have . What sells this watch is the lightweight all-titanium case and bracelet ; not at all like so many large -LRB- and heavy -RRB- clunky stainless steel watches I have tried . No negatives about this fine product .
 I 'd never heard of Momentum until I saw this watch on Amazon , but apparently they 've been around for a long time making watches for other companies . Their history , and Jon Morris ' review here on Amazon , convinced me to give this watch a chance . I have the watch now , and I have to say that I could n't be happier about my decision . I look forward to wearing this not only as my `` every day '' casual watch , which is what it seems to be designed for , but also as my `` business casual '' watch .
 I have owned this watch for almost seven years . It is the best watch I 've ever had , including the Seikos and Pulsars and Wengers . They are all good timepieces , and frankly more elegant , but for daily wear the Momentum outshines them all.Very accurate and durable , I have done sports wearing the Momentum ranging from sea sports to shooting sports to aviation and a lot in between . Not a hiccup from the watch . The crystal is particuarly admirable . It 's had and tough and even after all these years and activities , not a scratch on it.These watches have risen a great deal in price since I bought mine -LRB- I paid $ 120 -RRB- . At almost $ 250 as of the date of this review , I am not sure I 'd buy another one if my present one , say , got lost . I just ca n't see paying that much money for any watch except for very specialized requirements , which I do n't have . But if you 're willing to cough up the coin , you wo n't be disappointed in the watch . It 's a great one .
 I have owned this watch for a couple of months , although I bought the version with the sapphire crystal as I had a previous Casio with a mineral crystal that scratched up pretty badly and I wanted to avoid that happening with this watch . I wanted an analog watch but I had come to love the snooze alarm on my old digital watch . I also recently had an analog watch -LRB- the same Casio above -RRB- that failed due to water damage so I wanted something more waterproof . This watch fits the bill for me with the snooze alarm , the well readable numbers and hands -LRB- with or without reading glasses :-RRB- -RRB- , and the lock down stem.The watch keeps good time and I love the snooze . My one complaint is that in order to have the numbers glow at night the watch needs to get light beforehand . In the winter I wear long sleeves which cover the watch so that the glow of the digits does not last all night long . Having said that , I 've gotten into the habit of taking the watch off a little before bed and laying it down so that it is near light . If I do that for 20 minutes prior to turning off the lights for the night I find that I can read the digits anytime that I check them during the night.The company has a program where you if you send it back once every two years they will check it out and extend the warranty for an additional two years -LRB- for a total of six years -RRB- . I have n't taken advantage of that yet but availability of the extended warranty was a consideration when purchasing the watch .
 I own the st Moritz version of this watch - exactly the same . I have gone through numerous straps and batteries . The carbon fiber strap was not that good . The alarm only lasted a few years before dying but the crystal face is fantastic - I use it as a work watch and it is still un scratched . The case has many very small scratches on it but nothing major . Lastly the glow in the dark is not that good at all and the date is hard to set , the screw is hard to find the right detent . All that being said I would not hesitate to buy another , if only for the reason that the face is super tough and it keeps good time .
 If you do n't like big bulky watches , this one is very light , on the small size and functional . It is an everyday watch that you do n't really notice you have on unless you need it . It is not a trophy watch . I wanted a quality smaller size analog watch with an alarm . I did not want to be buying a new watch every other year . This fit the bill . It seems to be of high quality and no issue so far.The alarm is not all that loud but will suffice for me as long as I take it off of my wrist and lay it on the nightstand or on the tent floor somewhere close by . The whole face nightglow is nice when charged but if you tuck in at 9pm you probably wo n't be able to see it at say 4am . The chrono dials are tiny but that is pretty standard for most watches.I put some leather die on the strap to darken it , it was a little to rosey for my outdoor taste.Previous watches , Timex expedition and Wenger Swiss Army Watch . Neither of which compare to this watch in quality or toughness though the price point is a bit different . Currently I own a quality , larger , heavier Bullova but the St. Maritz Momentum is the one I like to put on my wrist every day . I expect it will accompanying me on camps , hikes and fishing trips for years to come . I like old friends better than the excitement of new gadgets and acquaintences that do n't last . Might be different for you . Hope this helps in your shopping .
 This watch helps me out a lot with taking vital signs for my patients and i just simply adore it and it works great . . No regrets ! Buy it . . but if your a woman just a bit of a warning its BIG like a mens watch . I got it size down for me and its perfect : -RRB-
 This watch is indeed very beautiful . I was afraid that the watch would be large , but actually the watch is medium-sized and look very elegantly . Diamonds in a clock are little , but sparkle very well .
 The Wittnauer Belasco Ladies Watch is exactly as I had expected it to be all except for the fact that the 2 bands it came with are a bit too small . I called the the company I purchased it from Watchmaster 100 & they were going to try & get me a larger size . Unfortunately , they never called back .
 This watch is well made , stylish , easy to navigate and a must have for anyone with a funky sense of style . I bought this watch with only the image listed on the amazon page . There were no reviews at the time . When you 're buying Diesel , you usually do n't have to worry about the quality . And that was the case with this watch . However , I did find that the watch went through batteries more quickly than I would have expected . Other than that , I have been very satisfied with it . It 's a quirky watch that always gets attention when I wear it .
 A very attractive watch indeed . It makes a positive and impressive statement.I have a smaller wrist so I appreciate the slightly shorter watch band . The overall size of the watch is also prefect for me . In certain lighting conditions the watch can be a little difficult to read , due to the faceplate color.The watch will go with just about any attire . Dress it up or down , the choice is yours.I just recently received the watch so I can not address its durability . However from past experience I trust the brand and look forward to years of use.I would highly recommend giving this watch a try . Even if you had to purchase a longer watch band , I think the watch would be worth it . It would make a great gift for someone special - even if that someone was you !
 I had to go to a very special wedding . I needed a simple but dressy watch to go with my black and gold cufflinks and Tuxedos . This was perfect . Amazed at the price-70 bucks . Plus no tax and free shipping . I paid almost $ 150 for a similar Seiko some 10 years ago .
 The Seiko watch I received was everything I wanted it to be . It is , in my opinion , classy , elegant and , most of all , an excellent timepiece . I can look at my newspaper to see the day and date but it wo n't tell me what time it is . If you want bells and whistles do not buy this watch.If you want an accurate , beautiful timepiece for a reasonable price consider this Seiko watch .
 Great watch -LRB- it 's a Seiko , so thats all you need to know ! -RRB- . The price also went down after my purchase and Amazon credited the difference with no problems . You will be more than pleased with this watch .
 The watch is good , I liked it on the amazon website and am enjoying it . The only thing I would like to mention is the size of the dial . It looks fine on my small wrist but those having a wide wrist may think before buying it .
 It gives a professional look with its sleek and stylish design.Feels light and looks great .
 I love my watch . stylish and great looking . the only thing I had a problem with it , is that the band was to small , since this watch is a japanese quarts . go figure when you are not a small guy . but I love it . got a great deal and I looked at different places and was amazingly cheaper at amozon .
 This watch is absolutely beautiful . It is classy , stylish , and ultra thin . Any man would love this watch . It 's dressy enough for dinner out , and yet he can wear it every day to the office .
 This watch is a steal . Its has a very slim gold color case and the size is just right for me -LRB- although I have a small wrist -RRB- , the dial is easy to read and the brown leather strap is just perfect . It is a very elegant and classy watch . I 'm very happy with it .
 Stylistic and aesthetically pleasing . A large bold attractive watch at a bargin basement price . This sounds like an advert but the watch is a wonderful fun piece /
 good seller , great seller . The Bulova watch is usually expensive but this one was cheap . It 's kinda comparable to the expensive ones like tissot desire or movados , etc. great watch
 I love this watch . It 's simple with a classic look . I 'm very disappointed in the watch strap though . Two days after I got it the first loop fell off . Two months later the last loop came unglued . Now , the strap just flaps with no place to latch it.I love the look of the strap . . I hope super glue with reattach the last loop ...
 this watch is elegant in its simplicity ; it has a rich look without being overdone and as a `` sport '' style it adds to the wearer 's appearance . what a great value for something so rich-looking yet simple .
 The watch came in with a dead battery . Dissapointing to have to go to a repair shop to get battery replaced before using .
 This watch was a gift for my daughter - she loves it - wears it every day
 The watch is amazing ! It is really hard to beat a Skagen over all.The supplier on the other hand woud n't be so hard to beat . They did get the watch to me by the last date - I had emailed a couple of times to find out when the watch was actually being shipped . NOT ONE email was sent back to me.Overall I am satisfied with my purchase tho I am not so sure I would use the same supplier due to their lack of customer service and responsiveness .
 Works great on my Michelle watch and much cheaper than getting at a local jewelry store . Thanks so very much !
 I was hesitating about this watch . My beloved red-dial Guess watch recently broke after six years , and the department stores were out of stock of many Fossil watches so I did n't get to view this one in person . After hesitating , I purchased it from Amazon . I LOVE IT ! It has a larger dial , so if you are like me and admire the size of men 's watches , with a touch of femininity , this watch is for you . The white dial is beautiful , very classy . Overall , excellent watch , that has exceeded my expectations .
 This watch is GORGEOUS ! I 've been a fan of Fossil since forever -- all of their watches tend to have unique and classic styles that are timeless ! I love all of my Fossil watches , but this one may be my favorite one so far ... It 's definitely an eyecatcher !
 I intially had accuracy problems with my watch that it turns out were not watch related . I have a magnetic money clip that was causing an accuracy problem . Putting my money clip in the other pocket solved the problem . Accuracy is now dead on.Customer service was great , though ; responding quickly to help find the problem.Great outdoor watch . Light , tough , and waterproof . I would highly recommend this watch .
 Momentum Men 's 1M-SP00B0 Atlas Black Dial Titanium Bracelet WatchI just got this watch and so far it 's excellent . The titanium is very light , I hardly notice I 'm wearing it . I 've gotten several compliments already about the titanium band . The matte grey finish gives it a distinctive look . It has a pretty much military looking face with the black dial and large white Arabic numbers , but you could get away with this watch in a business setting due to the titanium band . Momentum watches -LRB- not this exact watch -RRB- are sold at REI as well , and I trust REI . I wo n't be afraid to wear this watch wherever , I 'm sure it can take a beating . It 's water resistant to 100m and that 's a nice plus . And as an added benefit it has a screw down locking crown , just to make sure the wetness never gets in.If your not familiar with Water resistance ratings check out this chart :[ ... -RSB- If your watch is n't at least 50m it can not be immersed in water . Basically if your watch is rated 30m , it will probably withstand a splash or a little rain , but if your doing dishes and put your hand in the water with your watch on a 30m rated watch might just be trash after that.So like I was saying the 100m rating and the screw down crown are nice features for a watch in this price range.In addition to being lightweight the watch casing is pretty thin and lays well against my wrist.LuminescenceThis guy is loaded with luminescent coating on the numbers and hands . It glows brightly in the dark , is easy to read at night , and seemed to stay well lit for the few hours I payed attention to it before falling asleep.I 'll post an update in a few months and let you know how it 's doing .
 I bought this for my companion and he loves it . He had a problem with his last watch -- the stem would occassionally pull out when he put his arm in or out of a sleeve and stop the watch . It can not happen with this one . And this watch weighs exactly half the previous one .
 This watch is the perfect size and weight for me . I have not had it long enough to tell how well it runs , but so far it is wonderful .
 Great replacement leather watch bands . eller great to deal with . Reasonable prices and shippping .
 Light weight and comfortable bracelet design means it can stay on nearly all the time.Luminescence is as good as it gets without tritium.Setting the date is surprisingly fiddly , and getting for the crown to do so by feel is hard . That 's the only minus I have.Styling is subjective . I think it looks great , others might not care for it . Pretty clearly it 's intended to make the dial straightforwardly legible , and in my opinion , it succeeds very well .
 We have a matching pair of Momentum Atlas Titanium Bracelet Watches with a Black dial . They are light , easy to read -LRB- big dial -RRB- , hold up well with constant wear -LRB- my body chemistry destroys most watches -RRB- . I saw the Mens and Womens matching watches with the white dial and they do n't disappoint .
 This watch is big -LRB- a positive -RRB- and heavy -LRB- a negative -RRB- . The links adjustment did not work out for my small wrist , so it is a bit loose . But otherwise the watch looks well made and great looking . I just wish it was not as heavy .
 Very handsome timepiece . Wide face , clean lines , and HEAVY . I 'd recommend this one for anyone who wants to be noticed , but still maintain a distintcly masculine image .
 I was little biased and not happy with the product , when I saw the picture , but believe its truly a male watch !! this rocks
 Wow . . what a terrific watch . The unique look of this item makes it an attention getter no matter where I go . I have owned a Rolex , a Movado , a Nobel , and several other `` designer '' watches ... but truthfully , none seem to garner the attention that this Fossil watch has managed to attract!It has been reliable , and very worthy of the price . I consider this watch a value at the current price and would recommend it anyone . As an aside , I ALREADY own this watch , but because a close friend raved about it so much when he saw it , I bought this one as a gift for him .
 This watch is great looking as well as a conversation starter . It is big and pretty heavy , but if that does n't bother you , than get this watch . Great price too .
 Besides having a superb orange color , this watch looked great until the sweat and grime were just too much . This watch travelled the eastern hemisphere with me . It survived a khamsin in Sudan -LRB- lots of sand dust -RRB- , a ride down the Nile -LRB- we spent a bit of time in the water -RRB- , a tumble down a Vietnamese hillside -LRB- good mud -RRB- , and really , really , really cold nights in Mongolia . The watch did a better job of surviving travel than I did ... for 2 years . At 22 months after purchase the crown was pulled out to adjust for yet another time zone and would not go back in . The watch is now stuck at 10.22 . It needed a new battery at 21 months of age , so should have run for quite some time . If the watch worked for more than 2 years , I would give it 5 stars . If it had n't survived such rough conditions traveling , it would only get 3 stars for such a short life.I have purchased another one to try for the next series of travel thru Central and South America and will update that watch 's travels and travails.Update : I love this watch ! but beware the second one worked for less than 20 months . It expired , no new battery could revive it . no amount of thunking or shaking worked , but since no one in bolivia cares what time it is , -LRB- light ? daytime . dark ? nighttime -RRB- I carefully placed the carcass in my backpack , and proceeded to have no idea as to time other than the basics . Upon returning to the states , the watchman examined my poor wrist companion , shook his head mournfully , and declared the death of my watch.Perhaps this watch is a city slicker masquerading as an adventure watch .
 Because I am a passionate gardener and renovating our house I wanted a tough durable watch for day to day wear that also looked good . Because I am an insomniac , I wanted to be able to tell the time in the dark.Surprisingly there were very few women 's watches that fitted all my needs and in a price range where I felt that they would last more than six months.It looks stylish , it feels comfortable and so far has kept excellent time ... but ... Even after a short time away from a light source , it impossible to see the time in the dark . The women 's watch has been scaled down to a degree where the the illuminating material on the hands is such a thin line that it is almost invisible . Also , the second hand has a large dot on the reverse end -LRB- the end not pointing to the numbers -RRB- and in the dark this is more visible than the hour hand.Even so , I will continue to buy and to recommend Momentum watches as the workmanship is of such high quality.I will just wait till they fix the luminosity before I buy again .
 Ordered this as present for my boyfriend , its absolutely stunning . Its a large proper size man 's watch and has an elegant feel to it . Would look great with a suit or tee shirt & jeans .
 This is the third strap I 've bought for my Victorinox Swiss Army Classic model 24378 watch . The first replacement strap I bought from Victorinox cost $ 20 and it lasted about three years , about the same longevity as the original . When I needed a second replacement strap , Victorinox did not have them in stock , so I bought a knockoff from a vendor on Amazon . It was much less expensive than the Victorinox and of correspondingly lower quality ; it lasted about 15 months rather than three years . Victorinox again has straps in stock for the 24378 but they now cost $ 35 , which is almost half what I paid for the watch 11 years ago , so I decided to try a different knockoff brand . This Hadley-Roma looks nearly identical to the original Victorinox strap and its 18mm width fits the watch perfectly . Unlike the Victorinox it has a couple of tang holes spaced to fit smaller wrists like mine . -LRB- If you have a large wrist you might consider the MSM866RL , which has a longer strap . -RRB- Only time will tell if it holds up as well as the Victorinox . The strap was imported from China .
 Great quality , but not for a person with large wrists . The original band was much longer - my comfort spot was the slot second from the last ; on this one , it 's third from the beginning .
 I used this on my LL Bean field watch . The 18mm replacement band fits perfectly and feels and looks good . The last replacement band I bought was from deBeer and was not to my liking.The leather on the deBeer band was very thick and troublesome when putting band on and taking off . Sometimes less is better . I highly recommend this band over deBeer 's similar band . I think the deBeer 's was also a few dollars more than this band .
 This watch is amazing . At first I thought this would be a cheap watch with made of cheap materials . But to my amazement , this watch even thought had a bad first impression on me , was made of really good quality stuff . I wear it everyday now and i show it off to my friends . GREAT WATCH ! BUY IT !!! : D
 I used one of these for about six years . Thought it very good for the price.The alarm died after 3 or 4 years . The altimeter was no longer accurate shortly after the second battery change -LRB- probably damaged during the battery swap -RRB- . Only complaint is that it 's somewhat confusing to recalibrate the altimeter . Fortunately this becomes a bit easier with regular practice and habit.Also of note ... unlike the Suunto etc. that register altitude increase in 10ft increments , the Alta registers in 3 foot increments ; raise your hand over your head and you just did 3 feet of elevation gain.Other than that ... it was a good friend . It 's a simple tool that does just does a few things . There is no compass . There is no thermometer . Just a clock , an alarm , an altimeter , a lap counter -LRB- which I never used -RRB- , and a chronometer -LRB- which I never used -RRB- . Just ordered a new one to replace the original . Have fingers crossed it will work as well and as long as the first one . For twenty bucks , it 's a good deal .
 The first one I bought did n't work ; after the refund , I tried another . The manual is quite obscure -LRB- in 5 languages -RRB- , and I 'd categorize the learning curve as fair to poor . It 's clunky , with a wrist band that you 'd wear on the Enterprise but not to the opera -LRB- different from the pic on Amazon -RRB- . But , it does measure altitude , and change in altitude . Which is n't bad for $ 20 -LRB- many places -RRB- . Battery change should n't be that hard
 The ski watch measures change in pressure . Since you want verticle feet per day and number of runs the exact calibration is not needed . Of course if you need it for ski diving I would spend a few hundred dollars more .
 Grab it for $ 19 !!! I 've used this watch for four years with very few problems . Replaced the battery and it was n't too difficult -LRB- Avocet makes you mail their watch in in takes a month and $ $ -RRB- . Does n't really need to be reset . Manual has photo of `` Ski '' but did n't make it into the watch -LRB- but it nicely counts ski runs and total number of feet skied -RRB- . It has stop watches with lap and split times and several other functions . It 's not for the techno idiots , but others I know have given up trying to their $ 200 + Suunto 's to work . Just do n't loose the manual !
 This is an outstanding dress and field watch that will reliably take you from boardroom to trail . The M-25 is just the right size -LRB- 38mm X 11mm -RRB- , and it depends on the excellent ETA 2824-2 movement , which powers scores of vastly more expensive timepieces , including the excellent Sinn U1 dive watch . St Moritz is justifiably reputed for value and quality
 I ordered two of these watches . Yes , identical versions -- SAME WATCH ! Here 's why . MY sister and I plan to make our first trip to Europe -LSB- together -RSB- a year from now . She will graduate from college , at age 51 , and this trip is how we will celebrate!As a way to keep sis focused during those last tough months of school , I purchased a watch for myself , and one for her . This model of Skagen watch has two dials . I set one of the watch dials to our local time , and the other watch dial to `` Paris '' time . Now , whenever we check the time on our wrists , we are reminded that next October we will be in Europe together -- gazing up at the Eiffel Tower , touring the Louvre , and sipping cafe au lait at a charming sidewalk cafe!I have always loved the simplicity of Skagen watch design . This model is a `` feminine '' size -- not too big on my small wrist . It 's sleek , classic , and of exceptional quality for the price . It looks good with my business suits . But it is also stunning when it peeks out from beneath the cuff of a crisp white shirt worn with blue jeans.Because I have an allergy to nickel in base metals , anything BUT stainless steel will cause my skin to itch . No problem with this watch ! The case back and watch bracelet are stainless . Hooray ! Hey , the case is water resistant , too!One other plus . I ordered from Amazon on Friday . Great Timing , Inc. must have shipped that day . I got it on Monday in the mail . That was an unexpected surprise ! I am a VERY happy customer ! The price , the sexy styling , and the speedy shipping . I LOVE this watch !
 Lost a Guess dual face watch years ago and found this one -- LOVE IT !! A must buy for the frequent traveler . Stylish and clasp is secure . Hard to find dual face watches but this is perfect !!
 BEAUTIFUL , FUNCTIONAL , STYLISH PIECE OF TIME KEEPNG ! VERY PLEASED WITH THE TRANSACTION , AND THE GIFT RECIPIANT WAS DELIGHTED . AN AFFORDABLE , UNIQUE WATCH
 This watch is very practical yet elegant . I love it for my travels . I would recommend this watch to any world traveler or even for anyone who travels within different time zones . It is my favorite .
 I 'm 54 years old and I wanted a watch big enough for me to be able to see the time effortlessly , even without my glasses on . So I 've decided for this men 's watch . Being so , I did n't want the time piece to look too serious . I also wanted to make a bold statement so I chose the red one.This watch is 3.8 mm diameter total , the red dial alone is 2.7 mm , plus 1mm thick.The scratch resistant mineral crystal on top is totally flat on the same level that the stainless steel ring.This detail makes this timepiece so classy ! The stem to adjust the time is neatly placed at 4 o'clock as well as the date window.Red leather band is of good quality , has a bucke stamped Victorinox on it.Quality is everywhere in this watch . Check my customer images above and you 'll see what I 'm talking about.Great buy !
 I 'm 54 years old and I wanted a watch big enough for me to be able to see the time effortlessly , even without my glasses on . So I 've decided for this men 's watch . Being so , I did n't want the time piece to look too serious . I also wanted to make a bold statement so I chose the red one.This watch is 3.8 mm diameter total , the red dial alone is 2.7 mm , plus 1mm thick.The scratch resistant mineral crystal on top is totally flat on the same level that the stainless steel ring.This detail makes this timepiece so classy ! The stem to adjust the time is neatly placed at 4 o'clock as well as the date window.Red leather band is of good quality , has a bucke stamped Victorinox on it.Quality is everywhere in this watch . Check my customer images above and you 'll see what I 'm talking about.Great buy !
 I bought my first watch at a department store and loved it . I wore it for about two years and the battery was still good . The only down fall is that the gold pollished part of the watch wears off after a while and the whole watch is silver . I ordered the same watch from amazon and was very happy with the service . Overall it is a good everyday watch .
 had this watch for a while and and is pretty sturdy . because it has silver and gold it goes with all of my work outfits . keeps good time .
 Very nice watch . Wrist band fits a slim wrist . Very well made . Looks great .
 I like this watch from the minute I saw it . It is what I expected except the band is a little tight on my wrist , but then again I have a wider wrist then most women . I am happy with my purchase and will be happier if the band loosens up a little bit with wear .
 This is a great watch for everyday . The face is very easy to read . I often need to have watch bands made smaller , but this one fits perfectly .
 did n't pay hardly anything for this watch . It beeps on the hour and I ca n't figure out how to stop it . The directions do n't match this face .
 This watch looks so much better in person than it does on the web site . The face of the watch is clear and the numbers are easy to read . The wrist band does not appear cheap at all . It 's elegant looking when I wear it . And the price was so affordable . Definitely a good buy !
 My wife loves this watch , especially the real leather band . We saw it for about twice as much in a store .
 I love it ! It 's starting to lose time though . I just changed the battery too so thinking after 2 years of daily service it 's finally giving out . For a $ 20 watch that 's not bad at all ! Besides I think it 's time for a change anyway . This one is attractive and small but the numbers stand out very well and for a quick glance it 's no problem at all to see what time it is . I hate those watches that only have 12 , 3 , 6 , and 9 on them . Or no numbers at all ! The band is thin and feminine . The only improvement I would like is for the background to light up so I can see it in the dark but I do n't think Carraige watches light up . I plan to buy another Timex when this one finally kicks the bucket . Thinking the white Timex `` nurse 's '' watch they have on here . ; -RRB-
 When I first took it out of the box , -LRB- just rec ` vd today -RRB- I noticed it did n't have a guard around the crown to reserve the battery so I 'm hoping the battery does n't wear out anytime soon . Also , if you look at the pictures online you will see that it 's engraved `` geniune leather '' on the inside of the strap but it did n't have anything to show it was leather on the watch I received . I 'm pretty sure it 's real leather though . The watch band itself is very slim and sized a little on the small side which is ok for me as I have small wrists but it does look like it 's sized for a child . Overall , the watch is very pretty and so far is keeping correct time .
 I just got this watch . The blue face is pretty and the band is subtle blue and very soft and comfortable . The time is very easy to read and the watch is water resistant as well . I think it is a good value .
 I 'm allergic to the metal in most watches -LRB- I get hives on my wrist -RRB- and I was looking for a cheap ladies watch that would be appropriate for a work environment . This watch was perfect . The band was must slimmer than I anticipated -LRB- narrower than the width of my pinkie -RRB- and the watch face is perfectly readable , but small enough to be delicate . Here 's hoping I do n't break out in hives from the back of the watch face.So far , I love it . 5 Stars .
 I 've had this watch for a long time , probably about 6 years . I really love it . I 've had to change the battery once or twice , and I 'm currently looking into getting a new watch band , because the current one is getting frayed . But overall , it is an excellent watch and has lasted much longer than I had expected it to . I wear it at all times , and I even forget to take it off before showering most days . This has n't hurt it at all . It 's small and simple , but I would definitely recommend it if this is what you are looking for .
 As the old saying says , `` If you want it done right , do it yourself '' . I had a replacement battery put in my Seiko watch , at a watch repair island in the mall . It was n't put back together right . The face became off center and the day and date did n't display properly . I took it back to them to fix it . A few days later , same problem.I found this tool online , ordered it , and fixed it myself . My watch has worked perfect , since .
 The tool set was received in a week 's time in good condition with a good wooden holding case and different type and size pins . I was able to easily remove the case cover on my first watch following the instuctions available on their website . The 3 pins had aligned with the first case cover as in the instructions . The next 2 case covers involved a little more work because the tool 's 3 pins would not align completely with the slots on the watch covers . Since I was able to align at least 2 of the 3 pins in the slots , I had to push downward with a little more effort , turning counter-clockwise , and I was able to loosen both the 2nd and 3rd case covers , one in protective hand and the other on a sturdy table . If you are not able to hold your watch in your hand while working , then just make sure to follow the instructions to place the face of your watch on a protective and sturdy surface before doing any work . I was able to use the same-type pins provided in the tool set on all 3 watch case covers . I am satisfied with this tool set and I would recommmend this tool .
 This wrench replaced another which failed prematurely . It is simple and it works well enough . I 'd prefer a wrench with a single control maneuvering all three ` prongs ' in unison .
 You need to be very careful and patient when you use this tool . It works great as long as you use it right . I scratched the back of my watch when I changed battery . I believe a watch smith should be able to avoid the damage.If you buy this case opener , you maybe need a press tool to close the watch case .
 Goldfinger Jewelry gets a 10 rating for as posted and quick shipping . This case operner came in the original box sealed . I would buy from them again .
 Fast shipment , got it in a few days . Once I got it I open it and the product looks good but it was kind of oily from inside the package . The only reason I think of this is because it wo n't get rusted ? Anyway it works well . I tested a watch that was not working and when I open it at first BE VERY CAREFUL WHEN TWIST BECAUSE I SCRATCH MY CASE ! Luckly the watch was not working any way I did open and it was ok . Lets put this way , if I did n't have the tool , I would not be able to open it . I say it 's a buy but just becareful .
 I was able to get the back off of my Fossil watch without too much difficulty , which is what I bought it for , so I 'm happy with it .
 This great versatile quality wrench will pay for itself in ONE BATTERY change of a seiko or similar back style watch . My jeweler charges over $ 12.00 to change a $ 1.50 watch battery and this wrench wo n't scar up the back of your good watch . Remember , a watch is not only a time piece , it 's usually a nice piece of Jewlery and one can keep it that way with this product ! I recomend you get one for yourself !
 Very nice . Was n't immediately sure if it was battery or manual wind but soon found out . It looks very well .
 I thought this was a woman 's watch . It is the size of a man 's watch . I was going to return it , but with the larger face it is easier to read so I 'll give it a try . It has a light button to push in the dark , but it does n't have a countdown timer . I was disappointed to find that Photoland charged $ 6.58 for shipping .
 I was looking for a &#34; cheap &#34; watch with the date , day , and digital . I have a nicer watch to wear when I go outand this Casio watch works fine when I am working outside in the yard or doing &#34; dirty &#34; work . This really fills the bill and keeps good time and I have had no problems whatsoevr .
 I 've purchased the same basic model of Casio for perhaps the past 25-30 years and have never had a problem with them , they 've grown longer lasting and more reliable over the time.Not complaints from me .
 This watch is simple to use and the main purpose of my purchase was to get a watch that I could look at quickly and get the time of day . It helps me better than pulling my PDA and look for time.So far it has been functioning well and the product was shipped by the seller on time -LRB- in fact earlier than expected -RRB- . If this one goes bad , will definitely buy another one . Will stick with Casio though . Great watch for the price .
 It was a gift for a friend and the watch is well liked by her .
 Gorgeous watch , but yes the band is quite small . Thought it would be of assistance to give the inner circumference for this watch band when in the last hole
 I love all the Gwen Stefani watch products . This is the second watch I have purchased -LRB- bought a turquoise enamel one a year or so ago -RRB- . They get compliments.The other watch has a metal band which was easy to size - has links to add or subtract easily . The only sad thing for me about this watch is the wrist band . My wrists are large -LRB- thumb can not reach index finger or middle finger when circling wrist -RRB- . The leather band is tastefully decorated but is a very snug fit , at last prong hole , cutting into my wrist . It would be a perfect watch for a smaller wrist size.These are elegant , enjoyable watches . If you have a smaller wrist , you would love it .
 It 's a great watch overall , but the crystal is far from scratch-proof . I broke it within a year , with normal use . I think the fact that the band was too long had something to do with it . I changed the crystal and shortened the band , and it 's been doing much better . Just a cautionary tale .
 If you can still find one today -LSB- 4/2009 -RSB- it is a really simple , subtle design
 My search for an elegant digital dress watch found no other candidates . Self setting time is a plus . Solar power is a gimmick ; other digital watch batteries seem to last for 3 to 5 years.Setting time is actually easy . Leave it overnight in a window facing more or less toward Colorado . Time will be right in the morning . Do not try to set time yourself . Learned this on atomic wall clocks . Patience pays.Watch band is very nice , first metal band ever that does n't bother me while wearing it . Watch face is less than half the thickness of typical Timex and Casio plastic watches.Black face -LRB- -7 B model -RRB- contrast is too low in dim light . Back light is fine in a dark place , but no help in low light.If you want digital dress watch , this is it .
 I compared both the WV300DA-7B with the WV300DA-7A , the only difference being the negative display versus the positive display -LRB- negative is the 7B , and positive is the 7A -RRB- . I eventually decided on the 7A , since the display was easier to see , and the light was more effective in the dark . This review is based on the 7A watch , but it applies to this one as well.I was interested in finding a watch for my dad that was solar powered and had 24 hour time , since he needed 24 hour time for work . This meant that it had to be a digital watch , and Casio is pretty much the only company that has digital solar watches . Most of Casio 's G-Shock and Wave Ceptor watches look pretty ugly and bulky but this one is definitely an exception . It has a slim profile with a rectangular case.Contrary to what one of the reviewers said , I thought it as pretty easy to setup . I did n't need the manual to figure out how to change the city , or the DST setting , or the time . The back of the watch has engravings to state what each button does but you can figure it out by trying them . I used a thumb tack to remove the links to resize the band to fit my small wrists . You just have to force the holes opposite the arrow direction to unlock the links and perform the reverse to lock them . It took a little bit of effort to remove one , but once you get one unlocked , the rest are easier since you know much effort it takes.It uses a Panasonic CTL1616 Cobalt Titanium Lithium battery for the storage , whatever that means . If it dies , just replace the battery . I 'm not sure how long the rechargeable battery lasts but it should last a while .
 Finally a watch that uses 21st century technology to tell time ! The fit and finish are fantastic - with all the functions I could want plus a few more . This is the perfect watch for the man who wants a time piece that neither looks or works like grandpa 's wrist watch - thanks Casio for bringing mens time up to date ! - Todd Martin -LRB- Rebecca 's happy hubby -RRB-
 This watch does everything the description says . My only problem with it was the size and weight .
 I 've owned many Casio watch products , this watch features elegant design and provides tons of great useful features to it 's owner.Perpetual calender , Atomic time keeping is not new but very useful -LRB- I get full signal and I live in Dallas , TX -RRB- . New tough solar cell and battery really lasts , and all you need is the sun , very eco-friendly . Stainless steel band is heavy-duty and easy to put-on remove.Some people complain about the steel band on Casio 's new steel band watches is hard to adjust , my trick is get a tiny nail and that 's all you need , just poke the nail in the hole , press the nail down and slide it towards arrow 's direction and you all set.Love the style , highly recommended . For people who do not have good eye , I 'd suggest the white background version of this watch as it is much easier to read.The only downside ? -- It 's water resistant but you ca n't really take it to the swimming pool , or you 'll ruin it .
 This has got to be one of the greatest watches on the market . It automatically sets itself to the correct time each night so you never have to worry about it being either fast or slow . It is solar powered so you never have to buy a new battery . It will run in total darkness for approximately 8 months before needing to be recharged in the sun light . I only wish the alarm sound was a little louder or that it had a volume control to be able to turn it up .
 I am shocked at how cheap this watch is selling for now . I have one and paid $ 200 for it just last year . My local jewelry store sells it for $ 350 ! It is such a beautiful watch and the stainless steel band is pure quality -- very heavy in weight , which I like . The picture does not do it justice . The blue face is lovely -- not garish like other cheaper blue face watches.Go to a jewelry store , ask to see this watch and you will not believe the current Amazon price .
 The vast majority of people need a watch . For typical college students , we tend to scratch them and break them , and definitely do n't have the money to replace them . Well , Christmas is fast approaching and here 's some great gift ideas.These two watches are a little bit expensive , but they will last for many years and are good quality watches.The Seiko watch is a stainless steel watch with an icy blue face . The woven silver links make this watch perfect for the sophisticated woman . Because of these colors , this watch is ideal for wearing with any outfit . Not only does this product tell the time using Roman numerals , but it also shows the current date , which is very helpful . The Seiko watch has a scratch resistant face , made with Hardlex crystal and is water proof up to 100 meters . This product even has a 2-3 year battery life . This beautiful watch would seem much more expensive , but on Amazon.com , this watch is selling for only $ 95.00 . This is a price that is hard to refuse.The Movado watch is more costly , but is a very elegant watch . This watch has a beautiful black face with gold hands . This gorgeous face rests on a silver bracelet with gold tone accents . This watch is also scratch resistant with a sapphire crystal face . Unlike the Seiko watch , this watch is only 30 meter water resistant . This can only handle brief water splashings , and can not be worn when swimming . This watch is very elegant and probably would not be able to be worn everyday . This classy watch is $ 189.00 and is a very reasonable price for such a chic watch.The Seiko watch does not have a very good warranty . The warranty is valid for three years , one year worldwide . However , this warranty does not cover much . It does NOT cover the battery , the watch bracelet , or the crystal . Basically according to Amazon.com , the warranty only covers a belt or strap that is attached to the watch . If anyone who is not a Seiko manufacturer works on this product , then the warranty becomes void.The Movado watch is not even said to have a warranty . With such a high price , I had expected there to be warranty , unfortunately there is not . Movado wathces are well known all over the world and are recognized for the quality of their products.I feel that the Seiko watch is a much better buy for a typical college student or any working female . The Movado watch appears to be used for special occasions , but the Seiko watch is much more practical . The Seiko watch is not as expensive , but expensive enough to know that you are getting a good product . It holds a warranty , not a very good one , but has a warranty that comes with it . The Seiko watch is a very good product and worth spending the money on it .
 After looking for quite a while for a watch that could be worn for both casual and work situations , I chose the Seiko SXD 395 for its clean lines , brushed stainless case and band , and the blue-grey face . I 've see this model going on the internet for up to $ 325 . Amazon had the lowest price , as well as a trusted name , so I knew that I would be getting a genuine Seiko with a warranty -LRB- which you do n't always get when you get the lower price - watch out , some low-price sites do n't tell you this . -RRB- I also really like having the date window , just be sure you read the directions on how to set this , or the date will change at 12:00 noon instead of 12:00 midnight . Also , I feel very comfortable with the double-release clasp wristband , another plus .
 I bought this watch knowing full well that it 's not really the greenish color you see on your moniter because I checked around for more photos online -LRB- and with other sellers right here on Amazon -RRB- . It also says right in the description that it is blue . Going on that info and by those photos I thought this was going to be a beautiful icy blue color . But when I rec 'd it , I was disappointed to see that it was more of a light silver blue color and not anything like the icy blue I thought It would be . I noticed also that this watch is selling like hotcakes this past week and I thought it was important to note the color difference for those of you who think your getting what is pictured here or otherwise . It is still a very nice watch for the price and totally worth buying as long as your not expecting the color I was .
 Classy with a Nautical touch . I love the woven wristband . The wristband is very easy to put on and take off . The Light Blue Dial is very different . I only wish Seiko made more battery free watches for women .
 It is lovely and waterproof ! Im a nurse and this watch sees plenty of soap and water and still is gorgeous !
 After I got this watch , I 've been swimming and taking showers in it . It works like a charm . No complaining about the water at all .
 This watch is not the color shown above , the blue is more silvery . It is elegant , and is even better than I expected . It 's heavy , and seems to be a good quality watch . It 's absolutely gorgeous !
 This is a gorgeous watch for an excellent price . The picture does not do it justice . The blue is a beautiful pearlized blue/green , goes with everything . The watch is very expensive looking -- you ca n't beat this price !
 I am a fan of Seiko watches . I saw this watch on the web and then went to the store to see it in person and they only had the men 's version . The dial was so beautiful and `` blue '' that I had to have it . My husband ordered it -LRB- ladies version -RRB- off the web for Valentine 's Day . It arrived but the dial is NOT BLUE . It is slate gray . I took it to the store to compare it to the men 's and it 's not the same . Even the jewelry store was puzzeled by the difference . I immediately wrote Seiko via email and they are looking into it for now . If you can wear a larger watch buy the men 's -- not the women 's . I ca n't figure out why they would put a gray dial on the women 's watch ? The blue dial is so striking . You can see the blue dial from across the room when you walk into the store . I am keeping the watch the band is beautiful but I wish the dial would have been the blue one . Also , the Seiko catalogue is misleading -- it shows both versions with the same blue dial .
 The price is a steal at $ 74 . I priced this watch on other online retailers and the lowest price I found was for $ 109 , which was their `` closeout '' price . This watch looks even better in person . Versatile - can wear with any outfit , casual or formal and the two-tone band goes with anything . Love the watch and the price .
 and this one has definitely fit the bill ... she 's probably never had such a sharp looking watch , especially since it is just the right size for her ... once she opened it , and saw the classy styling and the super sturdy clasp , she fell in love with it
 This attractive watch goes well with my work attire . However , be aware that there is no blue-light mechanism for reading the time in the dark . Also , without my reading glasses I ca n't see the date in the little date box .
 I like my Seiko . It is a very lovely watch . However when it came it was way too big for my wrist and I had to take it to a jeweler to have it sized . I just wish it had a night light like my cheaper watch . I had a Timex that was excellent for about $ 40 but the leather wrist strap kept breaking . The Seiko was a bargain at so much off and I have never been disappointed with buying things through Amazon .
 I was looking for a Seiko for my mother and then I saw this Seiko with the blue dial . I always wanted to have a watch with a navy blue dial and this little Seiko watch is really very very nice , very sporty and yet elegant . I am very satisfied an am glad that I bought it .
 I bought this for myself because I know how nice and expensive Seiko watches are . I am so pleased that this watch was inexpensive and is an expensive piece of work . I am extremely happy .
 This watch is a good watch and make attraction . However , the strap for the women is very huge falp and if it is a small strap size , it will be great .
 I gifted this to my mom and she is very much happy . . esp . when seeing others envy . . : PThis is very beautiful watch . . beautiful green dial and nice gold plated strap . . Awesome !
 I gave this watch to my Mother-in-law as a present & she loves it . The strap is exceptionally beautiful & up-to-date . The blue mother-of-pearl is superb too except that the watch itself is a bit small & not easy to read because of her old eyesight . I will give four & half stars for it due to the small snag !
 My 10 year old daughter needed to take her ADD meds twice a day at school this year . It was nearly impossible for her to remember and because of her class schedule she could n't rely on a teacher to remind her either . For weeks we were daily calling the school office to make sure she had taken them . We had concerns about the watch after reading the reviews but decided we had to give it a try . It has worked wonderfully ! It was easy to set and we 've had no problems . My daughter loves her new independence .
 My daughter is 8 years old and has voiding problems . Before the watch she would have at least 4-5 accidents a day . She was diagnosed with kidney reflux and having a spastic bladder . I wish I would have bought this watch 4 years ago !!! It is a complete life saver and self esteem builder ! She has not had an accident since she has strapped this watch on ! We have the vibrate alarms set for every hour on the hour . The watch itself is quite durable and it comes with a band that has a lot of holes to fit a very small wrist . If you are thinking about buying this watch ... DO IT ! Do n't let the price detour you . It is worth every penny !
 This watch works ! It 's not too complex to setup . I 've set rolling reminders for hour and a half and hourly so far . The vibration is silent -LRB- unless it 's sitting on a sounding board like a table -RRB- . There 's an easy way to turn the alerts on and off with a few clicks -LRB- one click might expose it to accidentally being turned off -RRB- . Great reminder watch !!
 I purchased this watch as a gift for my grand daughter . She required several alarms during the day and the fact the vibrating alarms were silent was a bonus . So far the watch has worked perfectly as advertised and we have absolutely no complaints .
 My husband was thrilled with this box to hold all of his watches . You might think he has 20 arms to put them all on . Now he is able to keep them clean , safe and tidy . What a concept !!
 This is a quality watch box at a great price and shipped quicklynice purchase
 This item is so eye catching . It 's gorgeous . If youre looking for a piece that stands out from the rest , then this is it !
 The picture of this watch is horrible . I bought this watch in the store and believe me it looks much better as it appears here . It has an adjustable bracelet so you should n't worry about the fit . It is perfect .
 I purchased this watch for my wife and she just love it .
 I ordered the Navy Blue watch band , it arrived very fast . Realized it was darker than I had thought ; called them , they said no problem and immediately sent a Royal Blue . Great customer support , great service !
 Beautiful band ! Very true navy color . Easy to attach to watch due to special post , no tools needed . That was fantastic ! Only down side to the band is it is a little too short in length . I can still wear it butit is set on the second to the last hole on the band . My wrist is not that large .
 I am very pleased with this watch . Beware though , the watch looks very different from the picture shown , The band in the picture looks like `` brushed Steel '' the actual watch band is very glossy like polished steel . I was delighted to find a watch with the crystals and no `` date '' in the face and no glow in the dark hands . I have gotten many compliments and it really shines in the sun ! The pink mother of pearl is a beautiful accent . Also it 's a large watch and quite heavy on your wrist , it might not be a good fit for someone with petite wrists .
 I purchased the watch online about 2 days ago and got it today ... It 's actually more than what I expected and I love it . The crystals make the watch look elegant , but at the same time to me the watch looks kind of sporty . I love the pink . . It 's not too dark . . It 's very soft . It may have some weight , but at least you know it 's durable . I would recommend this watch to everyone I know .
 I absolutely love this watch ! It fits and looks great . The band is more a brushed looked but it looks great . The pink of the mother of pearl is n't so pink that it overwhelmes you . I love the Fossil brand and have been buying it for as long as I remember . They last forever . You ca n't go wrong with buying this watch .
 My daughter loved this watch . It is very striking . I highly recommend this for anybody .
 I loved this watch when I first saw it on the website . When I received it , I was a little taken back as to its size . It is very beautiful , but a little big and in this way , a little too unfeminine for me . It 's too pretty not to wear . It 's unique in its beauty .
 This watch is gorgeous !! I have another Fossil similar to this , but not quite as dressy ... these watches are practically indestructible and beautiful , too !! Great price .
 received this beautiful `` queen '' watch in excellent condition - boxed , and brand new , with warranty 'n all . wrist watch and face are rather bold . i love the style . i love big watches ; this is the perfect one !
 I was very pleased with the promtness of shipping . I ordered on Tuesday and recieved on Thursday . Very happy with watch , lots of comliments .
 The watch was new in the tin and was packaged well .
 I recommend this digital watch for its reliablity and I have it over 5 years and I only spent money on 2 battery replacements and one watch band . If you can still find this watch , get it .
 This watch is incredible . I would only reccomend it to people who are either 1 . out on the hiking trails a lot , or 2 . really sporty and keeps up with their physical training . This watch looks cool and is pretty light . Stop watch , countdown timer , glow light . It 's really wonderful and can be a lifesaver -LRB- if the situation ever arises -RRB- . Say you need a compass in the wilderness , yup , this watch has it . Alarm -LRB- of course -RRB- . This watch is pretty hot .
 I got this watch for christmas and it is one of the most comfortable watches i have ever wore . It is really light weight and most nights i even forget it is still on my wrist and go to bed with it on . Also as an added bonus it looks good as well !!!
 The order was received right on time . The watch was just what I had expected .
 I was looking for a two-toned , casual Seiko watch to wear every day . This one fits the bill -- it is very lightweight and looks very attractive . The calendar is also a nice feature , as long as I have my glasses on .
 I do n't have much to say , I do n't have much experience in this field , but this watch is sleek and light with a surprisingly scratch resistant face , and is comfortable to wear.It 's a bit hot at times , and makes me sweat under the band , but that 's because South Texas is just hot.Recommended for those with minimalistic taste .
 This watch is exactly what I expacted it to be . A nice design , not too big , not too small ... I strongly recommrndid it .
 bought this model off ebay new for $ 120.00 . Has same movement as the more expensive watches -LRB- ie ; sna587 , sna481 -RRB- that go for $ 220-300 . Leather band is very thick , which I like . Seiko logo/hr markers are applied , not printed , Subdials are ever so slighted recessed -LRB- not printed -RRB- these give the face a nice , more expensive look . Luminite -LRB- glow material -RRB- works well initially , fads abit after several hrs in darkness , but that 's typical in my experience . I like that everything on it is useful -LRB- ie
 Free shipping took a while , but I wear the watch everyday , and dig it , lots of compliments .
 The previous review is 100 % incorrect . I have a Geneve Presidential watch that has the same band on it that I bought new in 1993 . I still have the original box and paperwork . This was purchased through a reputable jeweler brand new . Some time people make mistakes ust thought I should correct it so other are not mis-lead .
 This watch winder was just what I was looking for . My father has two automatic watches and had wanted a watch winder for a while . I found this and thought it was beautiful . When I got it , it is rather big , but the finish is clean and very nicely put together . The sound of the winder is not overwhelming , though may drive someone crazy if they have great hearing and it is showcased in your bedroom . All in all , I would say for the money this is a superb choice !
 The watch winder is well made , and is very attractive , It works great once you figure out how to program it ; could use more comprehensive instructions . The motors are silent ; it does it 's job without being the least bit noticeable . The unit is a little bigger than I thought it would be , but that is not a problem at all . I am very pleased with the way it works and the way it looks .
 We gave this to my son for Christmas and he loved it . He is a big Harry Potter fan and was very upset when he thought that he may have lost it . Luckily he found it and wears it all the time .
 Marine Corps watch , Man 's size 1.5 inches , blk leather band and gold tone case . This was a good , everyday watch for my husband who is not kind to jewelry . I purchased it over a year ago , and it still looks new !
 This is a really pretty watch . It is nice and petite - not bulky . I like the mix of silver , gold , and black because it goes with nearly everything .
 I love this watch . However , I found the band to be a little large , and took it to a jeweler to have 3-4 links taken out . He was able to take out 3 but would not go any further . He said it was very difficult to remove the links on this band , and would not take a chance on making it any shorter . I am wearing it a bit loose , but still find it very elegant . Great for sport or with business attire . Great price ... I had price this watch on sale at Macy 's and it was 100 . + more !
 Beautiful watch . Seiko watches are reliable and made to last . The black face really adds to the beauty in addition to making it easy to read .
 This watch is beautiful , everything I wanted in a feminine , ladies watch . After having two links removed , it fit like an elegant bracelet , which is what I was looking for with this purchase . This turned out to be a wonderful present from my `` special friend '' .
 I was concerned when one of the reviews described this as being sized for a child . However I just think it is delicate and lovely .
 it is a nice watch with a good price on amazon compared to those in the department store
 This is an elegant watch . The band is slim and petite and has wonderful `` sparkle '' . The jeweler 's clasp feels secure and is very discrete - no bulky , obvious clasp mechanism shows . When I took the watch to a jeweler to size the band , he was impressed with the screw-type links and ease of adjustment . The gold tone hands are very easy to see against the black face - I was concerned about being able to see the time without my reading glasses but I have no problem whatsoever . I could not be happier with this watch .
 I bought one of these exact same watches locally at a jewelry store for much more then lost it . I loved it so much that I looked for another and could n't find it . Amazon had it and much cheaper . Came in box with warranty , just love it .
 This watch has a very solid feel to it , but is very elegant and dainty . The contrasting face is easy for me to read , even without my reading glasses . My last Seiko lasted 27 years , and I was sad to have to replace it , but this is a beautiful , classy replacement . The band is generously sized . I took it to the jeweler and had three links removed , because I have a small wrist . -LRB- Not , IMHO , a child 's watch as another reviewer suggested . -RRB-
 I walked into Macy 's and bought this watch right away at a `` presale promotion '' and ended up paying $ 212 after taxes in California . Checked at Amazon the day after and this watch is literally half the cost . Went to the Seiko store at the outlet in Las Vegas and they were charging $ 265 . Seriously ? I understand the value of bringing in items in to stock so that we can see them in person or get them right away but when you 're making more than 100 % margin on something like that , I feel cheated . I returned the watch at Macy 's -LRB- which by the way does n't do returns if they happened to remove any links off the watch -RRB- and bought it at Amazon instead . It looks sophisticated and fits just right on my small wrist . Great watch .
 My husband bought this same watch for our anniversary and my birthday -LRB- 12/20 -RRB- . I wore it to a restaurant and sometime while in the restaurant it came off and was never found . I was devastated . It was bought at Belk with a 25 % discount and another 20 % discount coming to $ 170 . I purchased the same watch at Amazon for $ 81.95 . I am very happy with it .
 I just love this watch !! I had seen it at a department store and it was more than twice as much it was on Amazon !! So , I ordered it and I absolutely love it ! Same exact watch . It is so shiny and feels so nice on my wrist . Size around the wrist was plenty . I had to take off 4 links as I have a very small wrist , but my fiance -LRB- who is not a jeweler -RRB- was able to take off the links for me . It was so easy . Each link has a tiny screw that allows you to take that link off . It is a slim and dainty watch so I can understand why a larger person would not like this watch . It may not look as good on a larger person 's wrist since it is so slim . For me , it is just gorgeous and I love it !!! Thanks Amazon !!
 bought this for my sister and she loves it . Have been looking FOR A GOOD PRICE ON THIS WATCH FOR A LONG TIME AND I FOUND IT .
 I purchased this Seiko watch for my wife for Christmas . She usually does not wear a watch , but she wears this one.She loves the look of the watch , it is for both casual and dressed up wear . I have owned Seiko watches for manyyears and they have always worked and looked great . She is very happy with this watch and of course that makesme happy too . The delivery was very fast and since it was delivered to our house , there was no standing in a longline or driving around .
 THE WATCH IS VERY NICE HIGH QUALITYIT WAS A GIFT FOR MY DAUGHTER SHE HAD A SEIKO BEFOREAND JUST LOVED IT
 Purchased this for my wife 's Christmas Present -LRB- or should I say she picked it out and we purchased it . Over the years , I 've found that I have a greater success with gifts that she picks out ! -RRB- . The watch is very small - her choice . It 's very similar to a watch she 's had for many years , but has begun to show wear . The band had to be shortened . That is easily done IF you have a very small screwdriver . My smallest driver was a little too wide , so some filing was in order.She especially likes the clasp ; not one of those kind that fold two or three times in order to get it closed.It still runs - my wife is happy .
 i bought this watch for my husband , he loves watches and he was dreaming of this one , and when i showed it to him on the webcam cause he s a soldier and currently deployed i saw how happy he was , so that made my day , its a great watch and th price at that time was perfect . thanks
 I bought this watch because I wanted a watch that looked sporty and had a orange -LRB- my favorite color -RRB- dial . I have small wrists , so Seiko 's `` Orange Monster '' was out . This watch has substantial size/heft , but is n't too big for smaller wrists . The watch seems well made , looks good , has a see-thru back case , and gains approximately 1 to 1-1/2 minutes a week -LRB- which is significantly more accurate than the Omega Speedmaster Reduced that I paid approx . 1K for -RRB- . If I have any complaint about this watch , it 's that it 's stainless steel bracelet seems a bit light and insubstantial for a watch of this size/weight . Having said that , given it 's affordable price , quality , good looks , and accepatable accuracy , I 'd still highly recommend this watch .
 This watch is my best friend . . I 've had it for almost 2 years and never had any problems with it . Everybody that looks at it is amazed of how pretty , different and innovative it looks . The crystal clear design makes it SO modern and discreet . I also ca n't imagine going back to a watch with a wristband and worrying about it breaking - the fact that this does n't have one and just fits perfectly on your wrist makes the total difference . I remember in the very beginning it felt a bit funny but after 3 days I could barely feel it , it 's super comfortable !! AMAZING product for an amazing price !!
 I like having a small , sporty watch like this to wear around in the summer and on vacation . This watch satisfies the bill . It runs small -LRB- I have VERY small wrists and the ` small ' size is a bit snug -RRB- so keep in mind when picking a size . Great value .
 I gave the watch as a gift to my husband and he really likes the watch . It has a large enough face on it to easily tell the time . It is not too casual that it ca n't be worn when dressed more formal .
 This is a very lovely watch , well made and pretty too ! It took two weeks for delivery but the company does tell you up front , that it will take two to three weeks for delivery . So if you are ordering for a gift make sure you give ample time . Their watches are made to order right down to the battery . It has a good quality band also . This company makes several types of watches for whatever your interest frogs , cat , dogs , you name it and there are many choices for each . There were several different frog watches . I am very please with my watch !!!
 Leyendo a otros clientes recien comprado este reloj , pensaba que tal vez '' meti la pata '' , pero cuando 4 dias despues de recibir el mensaje de que lo habian enviado , lo recibi , en perfecto estado , en su caja , con su folleto , totalmente nuevo y tal cual se ve en la foto , creo que me senti obligado a escribir estas lineas . No solo recomiendo al vendedor , sino que es muy probable que , en breve , adquiera otro reloj de la misma marca .
 I purchase this watch about month ago for the great prize and is very good quality watch.Maurice Lacroix it 's one of the great manufacturing watchmake
 I love this watch , it is very cool looking . The only downside , is that it 's hard to set all the different parts of the watch .
 I had to take this to a jeweler to put on for me but certainly love the result . It gets dirty very easily though - I wish I 'd thought to treat with some leather polish before wearing .
 All was delivered on time ; was in good condition.I am pleased with the purchase and delivery.Thank you .
 I am pleased with the quality of the kit and the instruction page . it is absoultely worth the money . We fixed five watches with it and only had to pay for the batteries . No Labor charges !!!! It is not cheap junk as some people described .
 if you really love your collection of watches , you have to buy this product of excellent materials !!! enought said !
 I like this kit . I have replaced batteries & sized bands for both sides of my family . I only broke one tool forcing the back off of my 15th watch .
 This is a very good watch repair tool kit for people who work with watches and for people that repair watches for hobbie
 I can change battery on my watch without going to the mall or paying someone to do it for me .
 First the service at Amazon is first Class !! The watch repair kit is great . Has all the tools I needed for my many watches that need batteries and cleaning etc. . Yes I can recommend .
 After going through 2 watch tool kits already I finally found one I am satisfied with . I had ordered 2 kits from Amazon but sent them back . They were very poorly packaged and appeared used . In this kit every tool was individually wrapped and the pouch was also wrapped . Instructions are provided . The tools are n't Bergeon , obviously , but will serve my needs .
 I bought this for my husband for his birthday and he was really pleased , he has been an amateur horologist for years and has long been threatening to get himself a set of tools . He has used the kit already and mended 2 wrist watches and a clock so the kit has probably paid for itself ! I think this is ideal for anybody who enjoys ` tinkering ' with timepieces and was , in my opinion , good value for money .
 This is a nice thing to have . You can virtually do all minor repairs yourself and you do n't have to leave your watch at a jeweler and wait .
 The kit is great if you only need to start doing simple repairs and I really mean simple . Do n't start pulling springs etc out unless you really know what you are doing and if that was the case you probably would be using more sophisticated and accurate tools anyway . It is a great case for us `` want to be '' watch maker/repairers . It can soon cover the cost of band repairs and battery replacements by doing it yourself
 This is an excellent tool set for beginners . The quality of the tools is not professional grade , but more than adequate for the hobbyists . For the price you pay , this is an excellent deal . A little more money than some of the other kits being sold on Amazon.com , but well worth it as you get a complete set .
 This is a good collection of tools that you should have if you want to do minor watch repairs at home . I had 5-6 watches lying around and I could not use them coz they ran out of battery . Was able to open all of them with tools in this kit . It doesnt have any user guide but if you have used tools then you will be able to figure out where to use what and how . The quality of products is pretty good too . . at least nothing broke during fixing 5-6 watches yet.I am very happy with the purchase . The hammer was missing from the kit and when I called the customer service , they immediately sent me the hammer .
 The case opener is junk -LRB- I replaced it and threw away the one that came in the kit - swapping bits was painful -RRB- but the rest are very useful for a first set of watch tools . It has most of what you need for light work . The case in which the kit comes is very handy . And the band springs are a good general selection . Good for the general watch owner .
 This product has helprd me to easily open the back of my watch and replace the battery . I am sure it will satisfy me when I want to change the battery on my more expensive watch that has the back that screws on . But also since I have `` N '' scale model trains the tweezers and small tools have been most helpful . i.e pliers , hammer , etc. .
 Watch is of sturdy construction with nice embellishments and materials . It has a comfortable band .
 Great watch . Looks and works great . If you have a very large wrist this might be a problem . The band could be just a little longer . Very satisfied with the purchase .
 Un reloj muy bonito , puede ser usado con traje y con ropa casual , la correa no se ve tan bien como el reloj , pero es una excelente compra por el precio .
 I selected this one mostly because of the black dial , calendar and old fashion look . I really like it , it 's not heavy and so far it is scratch less !!! I still do n't know how to setup the alarm ... I need to go back to the manual.The leather wrist is fine , but I 'd rather a rubber one , since this is 100M water resistant and I do n't want to deteriorate it.I totally recommend it for the price ; -RRB-
 My son wanted this particular watch and I was having trouble finding it at local retailers at all and anything similar was $ 165 and up . I found the watch from a vendor on Amazon and not only was the price less than HALF of that price , they also shipped it quickly . It was right before Christmas and they said it would probably not make it in time , but it did -- without me paying for quicker shipping . I was absolutely thrilled with the product , how well the company handled the order and my whole experience was fantastic . I will definitely do this again . It is glad to experience really good customer service when it is getting harder to find . THANKS !!!
 I 've had this watch for over three years and I 'm still very happy with it . It looks better in person than in photo . I like black watches , and this one is striking and imposing in good looks . Although I only wear it on few days of any month -LRB- usually on Sundays or on a date -RRB- , I have n't had any problems with it .
 Really not a lot to say ! I had this watch over a year now . . no problems thus far . I do n't wear it everyday , but when I do , I get complements . Nice Watch !
 The watch looks really good . It is heavy , clear and sharp . I bought it to be a casual watch for everyday use and I believe it will be perfect for that . Band 's quality is not the best but at $ 64.00 , I 'll take it any day .
 This is a great item . I have owned pulsar before and my only concern is I am rough on watch 's . But for a business watch and for accuracy - pulsar is second to none . You waste money buying any other watch for more . As far as this watch goes I was at first confused by the second hand and the stopwatch . The stop watch hand looks like it is the second hand , but then after using it a while it makes a lot of sense . I use the stop watch for different reasons and on other watch 's it is too small to see , but this does the job . nice band , good looking . do n't waste your money on the other watch 's - no mass manufactured watch is better than this - and that comes from a top executive a major brand watch maker .
 Great watch . My friends always ask me about it . its a great gift and god value
 I have bought this watch in a Gold box deal for $ 99 as I thought to give it a try . and you should see my face when I received it :-RRB- its now my best fav watch on my Black suit during my meetings . all my friends gave this watch over $ 300 price tag by seeing it.The 2007 collection model of this watch is slightly changed . it has a different leather type strap and a white dial not black as this . however , this model is really nice . looking forward for amazon to list the new models.if you are looking for a gift , this will impress the receiver big time .
 This is a beautiful and elegant watch that you can wear on a simple work day or on a special evening event , but the cronograph system is not easy to make it work . However , it is a great option for those who wants to have a nice timepiece . I recommend it
 This watch is great ! And you ca n't beat the price . Its Mickey without being too juvenile .
 I love this watch . It 's extremely comfortable on my wrist and looks so cute . I have had it for over a year and have no complaints at all . It 's a good size - not too large or too small , and the stitching detail finishes the overall look .
 Since receiving my watch , I enjoy every moment of it . Just the right side for my arm .
 Is big , is heavy , but definitely you can see and feel the quality of the product , just be sure this watch will be used by a `` big men ''
 My husband really loved his `` Father 's Day '' Gift , but his only complaint is how heavy it is ... and he 's 6 ' 3 '' and nearly 280 lbs ... nothin ' but muscle . Is that what one gets for buying a `` nice '' watch ? Weighty = quality ? I dunno . But he likes it , and that 's all that counts .
 I am very pleased with this watch . The quality level is outstanding . I recommend this brand to anyone who is looking for a nice watch for a great price .
 At first it looked amazing because of the white and the bling bling , but if you look closely and feel the material , you can tell it is n't an expensive watch , which is exactly what it is . Also I 'm used to flat glass surface , and this one has a convex glass . -LRB- which makes it really shine , but on the other hand makes the watch hard to read -RRB- For the price and quality , I feel it suits young men between 18 ~ 25 best . -LRB- I know they 'll Love it -RRB- Anyone older , should probably spend a little more on a better watch . But for the occassion I wanted it for , it was a good buy . Overall , I like it and for that price , it 's a wonderful/cool gift .
 This is an excellent watch ! I 've had it a couple years and received multiple compliments ! Great deal for the price ! BUY IT !
 The watch isnt as big as my boyfriend thought it was but it is a great watch . I love the way it looks great on .
 Este ha sido el mejor regalo para mi novio , hace un a & ntilde ; o lo tiene y aun esta como nuevo , le gusta mucho porq lo puede usar como casual o de vestir tambien . Excelente Reloj
 I am pleased with this watch . I have a number of watches for different situations ... this has a nice classic look for work . It 's very solid and I have had good luck with ESQ in the past .
 I have this Army watch . It was a gift from the holidays and I love it . Sturdy , nice looking watch , one of my faves : -RRB-
 I ordered this watch for myself and I love it . It has a modern , sleek look . It is the perfect size , not too big and not too small . I get lots of compliments when I wear it , which is every day !
 Victorinox Swiss Army never made this watch . It is a fake . I bought one for my wife and am not pleased . This is a scammer .
 This was exactly what my wife wanted and it became , immediately , here favorite wrist watch . Setting and reading the time both extremely easy .
 I love this watch . Comfortable fit and nice leather band . It goes well with casual or dressy clothes . Very pleased !
 I order this watch in goldtone through Amazon . Big Apple sent me the watch which I love - BUT - it had a dead battery . It costs me another $ 10.00 for battery replacement . Seems like a such little thing to actually check and make sure that the watch is running before it is sent to the customer .
 we got this a year or so ago and it still looks great and keeps perfect time
 Great watch . Beautiful and just big enough to be butch without being ostentatious . The red band is totally sexy .
 Great watch and at great price . I want to buy it again in another color .
 I bought this a long time ago and I still love it ... it needs a battery now but this was a great purchase . .
 Boy was I happy to see the look on my husbands face when he opened this for Christmas . He was so happy as was I when I saw how nice it was . It 's such a great looking watch and the red band just makes it that much more unique . Everybody that was there for Christmas liked it also . I 'm more then a little happy with this purchase , and would not hesitate to tell others how happy we are with this watch . I do n't think he will find another one like it , anywhere around us anyway . Do n't let the low price fool you , it 's worth much more , and he gets lots of compliments on it . Love it !!!
 I like that this is a hefty watch , but not overpowering looking . It 's easy to read at a glance , glows in the dark even , and the styling is timeless ... rather like a vintage Volvo . I also notice that since the watch 's face is flush with the strong steel setting , I do n't crash it into things -- corners , tables , etc. -- and crack it , like I do with other watches . -LRB- I tend to drink a lot of coffee ! -RRB- I wish I owned a few of these , to tide me over for a loooong time in case I lose it .
 This watch is accurate and stylish . It has the solid feel of a really expensive watch without the ridiculous price tag . It 's large enough to be masculine , but not big and clunky . It could be used as a dress watch , but is rugged enough to wear everyday . I 'm pretty hard on watches and the mineral crystal has n't be scratched . I would recommend this watch for anyone wanting a reliable , trimmed down man 's watch .
 I gave this to a young girl as a gift ... I heard her eyes lit up along with a big smile when she saw it . The girl is a special needs child.Makes it all the more special . I believe the band was leather.Avon often sells these for $ 20 or so ... and some without leather bands or special gift box.This watch could be worn by older females ... makes it kitch then ?
 This is my second Swiss Army watch purchase . Arrived just as described , watch is very classy but the band is ugly . I swapped out the band for a more traditional dark brown band with white stitching . Looks great now and keeps good time . The watch is of average size but the dial is on the smaller side , so if you have vision problems this might not be for you .
 I was hesitating about buying this watch because of the previous reviews , but definitely it was a good decision , because this is a very nice and classy watch ! I received it just as described ! I can wear it with jeans or something more elegant , and it still looks nice ! The seller service was excellent , and it arrived on time !
 My 26 year old daughter jumped up and hugged me when she opened her Barbie watch Christmas Day . These are not just for little girls , big girls love them too .
 Just to reassure you that I just bought one of these for my wife and it is a genuine Swiss Army product and not a fake.A great little watch with a clear and easy to read dial with second hand and date . At this price its a steal .
 I had a Swiss Army watch ever since high school . Ten years afterwards , some idiot at the battery replacement place nicked the inside while he was replacing the battery and they told me it would cost a lot to replace that tiny part ... so I decided to go online and I purchased this one to replace that one . It looked very similar to my original watch -LRB- the design has n't changed much -RRB- , but it 's already becoming steadfast in every day wear.The watch is very pretty , slim , and holds up well to my every day routine . A great everyday watch .
 My wife loves this watch and wears it all the time . Very good watch !!!
 I had recently looked at this watch in an outdoor store I frequent . They were selling it for list price - $ 295 . However , there was a small scratch on the case near the bezel . I did n't want to buy a scratched watch for list ! So the store offered me 20 % off - $ 235 . I told them I wanted to think about it - it seemed like a lot for an imperfect watch . Later , I searched the internet for this watch and found the lowest price here . I was dubious that I could buy the exact same watch for $ 135 !! But I took a chance and ordered it . It came with all of the documentation and in perfect , new condition . I am extremely pleased , and also thankful I did n't pay $ 100 more for a scratched watch at a store . Also , the watch came in only a few days . I am a happy customer !
 I received this watch for my birthday and love it . The company I used to work for gives these out for 25 years of service . Unfortunately I only made it to 23 . A friend of mine has had this watch for many years and loves it . Now I have one and look forward to the same .
 I bought this watch because I needed a casual watch to wear to the office . I have a sport style and a dress style , so I needed something in between . I 've had it for a few months now , and I am very happy with the quality . The band is only showing slight wear on the bottom where I drag my wrist on the desk when I 'm typing or using the mouse . Even though I 've beat the face on more doors and walls that I can count , it does n't have a scratch on it . If you 're looking for a basic watch that keeps great time , I highly recommend it .
 Uncommon and beautiful watch . Many people asked me to take a look at it.The belt smells stong like rubber and the date display is too small.I love it . Cost me $ 280 at Amazon .
 This is a beautiful watch that does n't fail to impress . The uniqueness of the face makes it worth it .
 I have 2 other Bulova watches which I love , but this one is my new favorite ! It is a little on the big side , but not monsterous even on my small wrist . The diamonds are a nice touch - not overpowering but just adding a little sparkle . The mother of pearl face looks beautiful in the light , and I like the moon feature too . This is a high quality , classy watch that retails for $ 550.00 in stores and even online . If you are debating about whether or not to get it , do n't hesitate . Amazon has it priced lower than any other site . I ca n't wait to wear this watch just as soon as I have a few links taken out .
 I purchased this watch as a wedding anniversary gift for my wife . The large face is unique with a moon phase display and diamond accents . The metal band has the adjustable clasp for fitting purposes . Overall , the brand and price is worth the purchase .
 I purchased this watch for my daughter 's 21st birthday and after much online shopping we decided on this vendor who had the best price . The watch arrived in a very timely manner and is exactly as advertised . My daughter and I could n't be happier with this smoothe transaction . Thank you so much .
 I gave this beatifull watch as a present , Bulova is now own by citizen so you will have the cuality of both big brand names , this is a Bulova !
 This item is very asthetically pleasing and the wife loved it . This was a great watch for a great price , I am very pleased with this purchase .
 Glad I made this purchase . The watch is large , but it is a conversation piece when people discover the digital face and high tech design features.The price was a deal .
 This is a fantastic watch - it 's got a good , chunky frame but is very light and the display is large and easy to read . Ordered it from watchsavings through amazon and saved about 40 % based on what nike.com was asking .
 I 've had this watch for a long time now , almost 5 years and I can not wear another watch because I 'm in love with this watch , I wore it every day since I got it and now it is at its limit because it 's about to break and the battery is dying and I was hoping to buy another like it -LRB- black/red -RRB- because if it does break I do not think I could wear another watch too bad they 're hard to find now : ' -LRB-
 Excellent having the easy/hard interval timer.Don ' t like having to hold button so long to reset stopwatch.Taking on a little water behind the screen , will need to send back to Nike.Comfortable for surfing without a wetsuit -LRB- large size would interfere with wetsuit -RRB- . I 'd like to know if there 's a better model that has a similar interval timer and is just as easy to read .
 I bought this watch for Training and Work Out purposes and it does the job well .
 This is a great looking watch . Keeps accurate time and very easy to use . I love how you can see the time while running and the timer is counting . Glad I made this purchase .
 Watch is great for the excercise junkie . Interval timer is very convienent for interval running , allows you to concentrate on running instead of the time .
 Do n't expect a watch that can play music or tell you to get the groceries . This watch is a very simple sports watch . The band is going to last a long time as should the face . I got it for working out and paintball because it 's all black and sleak looking . Do n't expect this watch to go with your night-life outfits . Just stick to the working out and sports .
 This is probably the most perfect watch I own . I am a watch collector of sorts -LRB- I own about 40 watches that consist of Bulova , Citizen , Seiko , Movado , and Esq -RRB- . This bulova watch is above and beyond anything I could have expected.The links are very flexible allowing it to be sized almost perfectly to your wrist . They 're also small -LRB- the links -RRB- in width allowing for a better fit that you usually ca n't get from larger watches . The brushed silver dial is gorgeous , and it is easily readable . The band has a great combination of brushed and matte finish allowing it to go with dressier outfits -LRB- business casual -RRB- . I 've seen almost every watch Bulova makes -LRB- I work at a jewelry store -RRB- and this has to be the # 1 watch thus far . You really wo n't be disappointed with this one !
 This great , very reasonable watch was a x-mas present for my wife , She loved it , but noticed the watch band takes two hands to unclasp ! I tried to also open it and ended up really frustrated . May have to replace band to get my wife to wear it , Nice watch , beautiful band , not quite funtionable . .
 The watch was slick and slim like the one I had bought before . Diamond dial looks very good . The watch itslef is a little smaller than what I thought . The strap was also a bit more narrow than the other ones I have . It should be considered Unisex . Love this skagen slimline . I forget I have them on until someone points out how nice or `` expensive '' my watch is . I always laugh ... it happens very often .
 Great watch , I believe out of production , this is a replacement for the one I bought 10 years ago , should it ever fail .
 Nice and slick . Very good looking and professional . I am very happy with it and bought two of them .
 This watch was a anniversary gift andwas perfect . Nicely made and packagedwell . The design was exactly like shown.Good quality watch !
 The product was exactly as described and pictured . Order fulfillment could not have been better . The watch was ordered on Sunday and received by noon on Wednesday . I would not hesitate to order from Amazon/Camping Gear Outlet in the future .
 Hello!I 'm happiest with this watch , looks elegant and beautiful with all the cloth.Thanks .
 for ladies this is a nice watch , the cuality is superior , the price is right , lovely watch !!! buy it to your girl frind or wife , a lot of kisses will be sent to you by your lady
 Received multiple compliments.This watch inspired me to collect more Bulova watches and other high quality models . I would buy it again if it got stolen.Favorite Aspect
 Quartz accuracy with day/date and an alarm . Large Hour/Min hands for time at a glance and a small seconds hand at top right . 1/5th second increments on the large sweep second hand utilized for the chrono function and a min totalizer at the top left -LRB- small -RRB- for up to 30 minutes of chronometry . A retrograde arc type day of the week is especially neat on this model at bottom center . Not often seen on other chrono watches . Case finish is excellent with tachymeter scaling on outside edge . Face finish is a gray/black with blue markings , chrome hands and hour markers . Alarm is set with Blue hand easily with stem pulled to first detent and counter rotations . On/Off function is marked in blue at the 8 hour position button . Confirmed by `` beeps '' . Crystal is slightly domed and very scratch resistant . I am a Bulova/Accutron convert . This watch is beautiful and tough and functional . Favorably compares in function and looks to much more expensive watches . I 'd buy it again .
 Watch face was larger than expected , but very nice . It 's a clean look , and the gold accents are perfect for men who wear a gold band .
 Gave as gifts to my father and father-in-law . Watch looks unbelievable . Both were very happy with watch and wear it all the time .
 I needed a working watch , and this one , besides the good looking appearance , is easy to read in bad light , hopefully will resist some minor bumps and will endure many servicing years.The shopping service was simple and efficient . For waiting for delivery a couple of days , a got free delivery .
 it is rather big and u may have to remove a few links to get a good fit . but it looks good
 As per title , this is a very attractive watch and looks even better in reality . The gold accents are quite stunning - it 's one of those watches that people tend to do a double-take on when they first see it . The case is fairly large but not over the top , however when combined with the 13mm thickness it was just a little too bulky for my liking . Had this been around 10mm thick , I would have kept it for sure . It worked out in the end though - I 've ordered a Tissot instead . . a lot more expensive , but the dimensions should be just right .
 I have owned this watch for three years , since then I wear it almost every day . The watch still works perfectly and the finish is still pretty good . I still like it so much that I ordered another Bulova similar to this model.The gold accent is in my opinion very subtle and not flashy at all . Usually I stay away from gold watches but this one is done with good taste . This is a watch I feel comfotable wearing on every ocasion , wearing jeans and teacher or a suit , it is elegant and sporty at the same time . I bought my wife a Bulova over 10 years ago and still works fine , that speaks very well of the quality of this watches . In my opinion Bulova watches are the best bang for the buck .
 Still ticking great after 7 years of ownership . The watch might be a bit flashy for some , but the quality is indisputable .
 Great watch ; very comfortable , very stylish . It has no closure , rather it has a continuous strap that you pull through and tighten on your wrist and secure with a bar . The strap is made of a very elastic bungee cord-type material.As for the negatives
 I JUST GOT THIS MARC ECKO WATCH AND I LOVE IT , IT SPARKLES AND HAS BEEN ATTRACTING ALOT OF ATTENTION , EVERYONE SEEMS TO BE ASKING ME WHERE I GOT IT FROM . THIS IS A MUST HAVE TIME PIECE !!!!! IF YOUR LOOKING FOR A PRESENT FOR THAT SPECIAL SOMEONE LOOK NO FURTHER HERE IT IS PARA PA PA PA I 'M LOVING IT ; -RRB-
 Stylish , seductive , and immaculate . . Luv the watch and it arrived in a decent amount of time so I will be returning to buy more ecko product
 it 's a nice and simple watch yet has the sophisticated look to it and i have gotten alot of compliment with it therefore i like it
 I have had the previous version of this watch for about 2 years . Although slightly heavy , it is the most perfect of the watches I have owned . It runs perfectly , it is absolutely beautiful , it sits on my wrist comfortably . The setting of the watch , the pullout of the stem -LRB- since it is only worn every so often , I always need to set it after it runs down -RRB- is flawless . No , I am not paid by TAG !
 My fiancee fell in love with this watch in a Valentino store . Was able to find here from a more reasonable price . Watch is beautiful . The watch has its own little pillow that it is packed with . Highly recommend this watch .
 This style used to be the `` King '' of the Seiko Automatic Dive watches till the Orange Monster came along . It is a quality made old school `` classic '' diver 's watch for a reasonable price.Case / CrownThe case is constructed from solid stainless steel and is hefty . It is a little less thick & heavy than the Orange Monster . The case back is decorated with Seiko 's Dive emblem design . The screw-in crown is at the 4 o'clock position and is large and solid feeling & the ears on the case help protect the crown from any damage . The watch is rated to a depth of 200 meters or 660 feet.MovementThe Seiko 7S26 21 jewel Automatic movement is a tried & true rugged reliable movement that Seiko has made for many years . Accuracy may be off + or - 10 seconds per 24 hrs depending on less or more arm activity . You can not pull out the crown to stop the second hand to synchronize - -LRB- Non Hack -RRB- . Dial/Hands/DateThis watch has a awesome orange dial that is plain and easy to read . Hour markers are smaller & more subdued than the Orange Monster . Minute and Hour hands are gold outlined , which some people do n't like , black would have been my preferred choice . The second hand is black with a small round luminous indicator on non-pointer end . Seiko uses Lumibrite on all hands & markers , this watch is not as bright as the Orange Monster due to the smaller subdued markers . This watch has a Day/Date window that is very legible . The day can be set to either Arabic or English and the usual black text is for weekdays , blue for Saturday and red for Sunday . Day/Date changes do not occur instantly at midnight . It takes roughly 4 hours -LRB- 11 pm - 3am -RRB- for the change to occur.BezelBezel action is precise , smooth and expensive feeling as you can feel & hear the clicks of the one-way ring . The bezel has small indents around the outside & is less thick with no big lugs , which I prefer , unlike the the Orange Monster , but you can still turn it easily with gloves on . The black with gold numbering & markings on the bezel are printed instead of engraved but sits below bezel lip just slightly which also helps a bit to protect the crystal.CrystalSeiko uses a material called Hardlex which is less scratch resistant than sapphire crystal but also less brittle.StrapThe watch came with Seiko 's rubber dive strap which is a beefy heavy duty strap.The bottom line is , Seiko probably sells very few of the SKX011J1 model now since the Orange Monster hit the market , as it is a little cheaper in price and has bigger & brighter markings on the dial.But if you want a quality made , less heavy & thinner old school `` classic '' look Seiko Automatic Dive watch that will never need a battery plus is made in Japan , it is a heck of a watch that I highly recommend .
 This is the third Seiko dive watch I 've owned.First one , a Cal.6039-7049 is well over 35 years old . Currently in for refurb.Got a SKX007K2 - the modern version of my old one . Still bullet-proof , and more pressure resistant.So impressed with the quality of that one , I just got one of these orange ones.Basically ... same watch , same everything , except colors are different.I like the Orange/Black colors . Has that Harley-Davidson sort of appeal.Ended up getting a black stainless Oyster style band - different from the Jubilee band on the SKX007K2.The Seiko rubber/polymer straps do n't do well for me . I just prefer the metal band , and was able to get one with a black finish -LRB- which I hope holds up ... we 'll see -RRB- . And ... as a fitting tribute , my Rolex of 20 years , a Submariner , is a pile of junk . Right now it needs a new piece on the case for the crown to screw onto . All the Rolex 's are weak in that area , the metal is not as it ought to be . Rolex has `` just quit '' in the past -LRB- when new -RRB- , also to the dismay of Rolex themselves began to run backwards ... when they said it was impossible . Then the day quit changing , second hand fell off ... you hame it , its been repaired at Rolex more than it one would expect.Seiko is the much more durable watch ... accuracy ... mine have been doing about six minutes a month `` off '' when worn constantly . -LRB- update -RRB- Had the spring reserve on the SKX011 run out within 24 hours . It was 22 hours , for what thats worth . Thats about half of what it should be , and I 'd worn it for more than a day . Right now , after wearing it again for 24 hours straight , its been running for nearly 40 hours on spring reserve . Maybe it was a fluke ? -LRB- update 2 -RRB- The watch went about 40 hours before it stopped . I 'm ok with that . Considering I wore it to bed , took it off at about 6:30 am and put on the SKX007 . I 'm sure that if I had removed it after work , say at 6PM , and started counting unworn hours , it would have gone past 40 by a number of hours . I toss a bit when I sleep , but basically ... the watch was mostly unwound for those hours . So ... maybe it would have gone 44 hours or so . I do n't think I 'm gon na test it further - it must have been a fluke .
 Had n't had a watch since my old plastic Tag -LRB- present to myself for finishing PhD back in late 80 's -RRB- finally died about 1O years ago . Watch looks great , and seems very well made . Good size , not too enormous . Hope it lasts as long as the Tag so the kids can argue who gets it when I kick the bucket .
 i 'm a bit sad , product 's picture is a bit better than real thing , but it 's fine . i like it
 The second I saw my Fortis `` spacematic GMT '' I visioned the dials on my two BMW motorcyckles , twenty years apart , and still the same aura of substenence , solidity , quality , that I just felt kind ' o safe ? ... I 've been checking it for a couple of days and it 's as aqurate as any cell phone or computer ... which say a lot these days ... the finish is of course flawwless , but check out their webb page and look out for fakes !
 This is an outstanding item , especially for the price.The blue dial and white numbers are easy to read andwhile lighter than some others I have ; the watch does reflectquality . I Did n't give it five stars because the watch is a littlelight and the band is just a little thin . This might be an unfaircomparison to a more expensive Seiko I own , but it is stilla nice watch.If you 're considering it , go for it ! > Scott
 This is my second Seiko in 40 years , and yes the first one is still going strong . I love the new one it is all that I expected it to be , and at $ 100.00 a real sweet deal .
 Great quality and price . Very stylish design .
 I purchased this watch because I wanted another watch to wear around the hospital that was stylish but I would not be afraid of getting scratched . This watch certainly does this . Most people comment positively on the green dial which they find unique , and it definitely stands out . It keeps good time , and has a chronograph which is quite accurate -LRB- I 've compared it the chronograph on my Tag Heuer , and they are quite close -RRB- . Additionally , for the price , I think it is a great buy . My only wish for this watch was that it had a larger dial . I like large dials , and while this watch is certainly not diminutive on my wrist at 38-39mm , I 'd have preferred it in the 41-43 range . I would recommend this watch .
 The dial is very nice , the watch in general is good the only detail is de band is cheap .
 This is not the tool for a professional jeweler , but it worked for fine for me .
 The CASIO BABY-G that we purchased for our fourteen year old daughter is wonderful . She loves the dolphin graphics . The hourly beeping is not too loud and she loves the color .
 The watch was intended as a gift for my friend 's birthday . It arrived timely . Looks elegant and feminine -LRB- as appeared on the website -RRB- . The length is just perfect and no adjustment is required . Exactly the same thing that I was expecting .
 This is a lovely timepiece at a fantastic price and I love it ! Ladies , please consider that this watch is on the larger side and is a bit heavy on the wrist , if that is something that would affect your decision to buy . Having said that , it is a wonderful bargain and a striking looking piece that is versatile enough to dress up or down , or wear with either silver and/or gold toned jewelry . I am very pleased with my purchase and have received many compliments already .
 I bought it for my wife 's birthday . She 's really happy , looks elegant but also goes very well with sport clothes . Fully recommended !!
 I am VERY pleased with my purchase of the Ladies Bulova Marine Star watch . I wear it every day and it 's just a great watch !!!
 I absolutely love my new watch . The picture does not do it justice . I like having the flexibility of wearing gold or silver jewelry . The watch is a great size and does not overpower the wrist . It can be sporty or dressy . I could n't be happier about my purchase .
 My boyfriend just bought this watch for me and I LOVE it ! IT is so classy and sexy , I get a lot of compliments and it is comfortable and made well . Great for a smaller wrist !
 Got this as a birthday gift . Its beautiful , easy to use and great for a girl with a smaller wrist .
 This watch is very stylish and quality-made for the price ... was shipped quickly in the original DKNY box ... my only issue with this watch is the way the links are made ... while they are easy to remove to adjust to your wrist size , the links themselves are too big . This made it difficult for me to have the watch fit perfectly ... one extra link out was too tight and leaving that link in has made it a bit too loose ... overall though , I am happy with this purchase .
 The watch was a birthday gift for my 5 year old . She is learning to tell time and this watch has gone a long way in her independence . It is easy for her to put on and take off . The different colored hour and minute hands make learning easier and the numbers 1-60 help as well . My only complaint might be that it is a little bulky on her slender arm , but I think the design is one she 'll be happy wearing even when she 's bigger . So , I 'm hoping she 'll grow into it .
 perfect for my 7 year old who needed the extra numbers -LRB- second hand hints -RRB- as is learning to tell time . Pretty color . She likes it alot so far .
 We needed something `` Hawaiian '' for camp and this sure fit the bill . Waterproof and has a nightlight . The band is not stretchy , however , it 's a velcro loop , and a little scratchy , but the price is right ...
 My daughter LOVES the watch . With the minutes listed , she 's telling time on her own with confidence.The only drawback is that the wrist strip is very stiff . I also had to sew a little bit of the surface ribbon back down because the stitching did n't catch on to it.My daughter has been wearing it since Christmas -LRB- about a month -RRB- and so far it 's holding up well.It is made in the Phillipines .
 Band could be a little longer but arrived in plenty of time for Christmas . Thank you .
 I had purchased another one of these last December for my daughter and it stopped working when it got wet . To be fair , she accidently dropped it in water for a second . The packaging does state that the watch is water-resistant , not water-proof .
 EXCELLENT , THE PRODUCT I COME IN THE ESTABLISHED TIMES , IN GOOD CONDITIONS , GOOD SERVICE , GOOD SERVICE GOOD SERVICE , I LOVE IT
 My baby girl has beat this thing half to death for over a year now , and it is still ticking away like a Timex is known to do . It also has the numbers for the minutes written on the face -LRB- very small , but no problem for my children 's eyes -RRB- making it a great watch to teach your kids how to tell time . That is exactly what we did with this piece , and she was almost the only kid in her 2nd Grade class that could tell time on a proper watch with hands , let alone use it to read a map and find true North . She was the envy of all of her friends . In my opinion , teaching them on a useful watch along with how to find north and use it on a map was much more engaging , fun , and all around informative for my kids.She is now in 4th grade , and still uses this watch all the time . It is quite dirty looking now , but works perfectly and is still easy to read as the day she got it . I will probably replace it with the same one with a different band soon . If anyone ever mentions which way we 're going , she always checks her watch against the sun to tell them ... Even though she 's done it so much now she pretty much ALWAYS know EXACTLY where North is ! LOL . Great buy .
 lo recibido en venezuela es lo que compre , proveedor confiable lo recomiendo , excelente producto enviado en el tiempo estipulado por el proveedor .
 My 8 year old had the basics of telling time down but was not confident at all . With the minutes listed by fives above the 1 , 2 , 3 ect . she has become proficient and confident at telling time right down the the minute . She looks at clocks everywhere now and proudly tells everyone the time . The watch has a soft band with velcro so it will fit any size arm . It was a bit stiff the first couple of days since my daughter 's wrist was smaller than where the bend was originally formed by the velcro but it loosened up quickly . It also lights up to the delight of young children . Definitely the best `` first '' watch I have purchased and I have bought many others .
 I ca n't speak on durability as of yet since we have only had it a month , but it is very cute and the indiglo in the shape of a flower is absolutley delightful to my 4 yo - it just fits her wrist and hopefully it lasts long enough for her to grow into it for a while
 love this watch for the girls , its seems well built , they have great desings and a nice ligth too . I would buy it again for a gift or other ocation .
 It really is a quality girls watch , beautiful design , great materials and still great quality . Really good price and durable .
 This watch is beautiful . The only problem I had was that I measured my old watch to be sure to order the right size band and the band on the new watch was quite a bit larger than what I thought it should be . Other than that , it is lovely and I will enjoy wearing it . I received this watch in a timely manner .
 Well , I 've been choosing watch for like 6 months ! And this one is just perfect . Although I thought it will be a bit bigger , so it looks very elegant on the hand , but not tiny . Please note if your hand is not that small and thin , this watch can underline it . The bracelet was too long , I 've got it adjusted in nearest watch shop for 5 USD.So ... First , everybody pays attention to this watch , it really attracts ! Although it 's nothing special , and it 's not written anywhere `` IT 'S REAL DIAMONDS ! '' :-RRB- -RRB- but you wear it , you know it and it blinks wonderfully in the ray of sunlight . So knowing people will understand ... Second , this watch is simple , but very beautiful and universal in this simplicity . You are free to wear both gold and silver jewelry together with this watch . You can choose any look - classic / evening sexy dress / smart casual / glamolrous / jeans & high heels , ... but of course not sport style =-RRB- -RRB- -RRB- Regards and happy shopping , Alex
 muy buen reloj , la unica contra que para cambiar la fecha hay que ir corriendo las agujas de la hora .
 I bought this watch for my mom . It has two things she needs in a watch
 Just got my watch two days ago . I went with this chronograph after considering the diamond-accented model . Having tried on the latter at a department store , I found that it was not my style.I think this watch looks great , and I 'm getting more compliments than I can count . The price was right , too.My only complaint , if I could even call it such , is that the white and silver face does n't make it the easiest watch to read . Certainly not a something that keeps me from rating this watch 5-stars !
 This watchband was received promptly and it was exactly as advertised . I would buy from this vendor again and based on this one experience , I would recommend them to others .
 Comprei para minha esposa e pedi para entregar no hotel . Tudo deu certo , o vendedor cumpriu o prazo e o rel&oacute;gio &eacute; bem bonito , exatamente como est&aacute; na foto . A pulseira vem com v&aacute;rios elos de sobra , sendo necess&aacute;rio retirar alguns para ajuste , o que no &eacute; de todo ruim , de modo que fique do tamanho exato de cada pulso . Obrigado ao vendedor e &agrave; Amazon .
 Im 24yr old female of tucson , I purchased this watch last Nov. 3 , and it arrive today Nov. 10,2011 . Iam just so happy about this watch is so dang cute , perfect , GOLD tone is very pretty and the crystals stone around it.I have a very tiny , small wrist and this watch is perfect , I LOVE IT SO MUCH.AS I SAID I have a very tiny , small wrist band of watch is so big , BUT NO BIG DEAL , im sure the husband can removed some.WATCH IS IN perfect condition its working , LUV IT MUCH . . THANKS AMAZON YOUR PRODUCT IS AMAZING , IM gon na purchase more stuff soon .
 This watch from Bulova is very classic and its exactly as shown in the picture above . We are a big fan of Bulova when it comes to watches . They are always the best !
 It is nice and sleek watch . . it looks exactly same as shown in picture . . You have to get the few chains removed to get it fit for small hands ...
 This watch is sooo much more than I expected ! It is very pretty and classy . The crystals add just the right amount of shine without being gaudy . I bought it as a gift for my cousin and she can not stop talking about it ! The only problem is that I wish I had bought one for myself !
 This is a nice gold watch . I bought this for my mom and she likes it . The band is really big and I had to get almost half of the links in the watch removed for her . Other than that , she likes it , it 's a nice dressy watch .
 Long Story Short , Nice digital watch for the money paid . Will recommend to anyone.Only thing I did n't like is the Glow of the light is not good . But sufficient to view .
 This is my new replacement for my identical Casio watch that is 6 yrs old that just broke the band . Old watch still works with original battery . Easy intuitive adjustments for time , date etc. . I wore it while doing extensive remodeling , spent hours at the beach in the sand and salt water . Received a few scratches on face but still remains waterproof . Rarely took it off except when I switched to a more dressy watch . Great price , quality and price is less than paid for the first one 6 years ago .
 This watch is great for work . It gives me the month , time , and day of the week . Only bad thing is it is n't as cool looking as other watches , but it is very practical .
 Bought this for our grandson . He was very excited about its features and the fact that it had a ten-year battery -LRB- no worries of it stop working and go in a drawer til a new battery was purchased -RRB- . Great price , looks good , should last him all through his teen years and beyond.High recommendation for the active teen or men .
 This is the 2nd watch I 've purchased , the1st lasted for over 5 years . In fact the watch itself is still going strong but I broke the band and I ca n't seem to find a replacement anywhere . I guess that might be my only complaint , it has an unusual band that wo n't let you use a replacement band that you would buy at a department store . Still you wo n't be disappointed with this watch .
 I was looking for a simple but nice watch . Then , I chose this model by Casio , because I believe it 's a good brand . It is a light product and all information is easy to see in the display .
 The watch is precisely what I hoped for . It is comfortable to wear and gives the information I need instantly . Thank You !
 I had one just like this one I orderd , but after years of great time keeping the band broke.So I went on line trying to find the same watch . I found it , and I ordered it . It is a great watch for the money .
 this is a very fine watch and i would recommend it to anyone looking for a quality nicely priced product
 This watch is excellent for most purposes . All it really lacks is a countdown timer .
 I had a watch of the same brand/type and was replacing it . Received the package 1 day before expected . Great .
 This watch is very easy to read in various lighting situations , the contrast between the characters and the background is good , the numbers and letters are large and clear , the design is pleasing and intuitive.I had no trouble setting this watch . I have not worn a watch in a few years , but wanted one to keep on schedule with a tour group I 'm traveling with to the Galapagos Islands . With airports and boarding times to get there , and a busy schedule of activities each day of vacation , I wanted to know the time at a glance even with my hands full . At under $ 20 it is a great value .
 Casio makes terrific products , very reasonably priced and good looking . I purchased one several years ago and not only is it trouble-free , it lasts a lot longer than the band does . This is my fourth Casio watch and after about two years the band breaks . I 've priced replacement bands and it 's cheaper to buy a new watch with more features . Highly recommend for the price !
 Watch is easy to use . But it always helps to read the instructions as you go along . At night , push the button and you can read the time day and date . So easy .
 As a stopwatch and dual time watch , this product is good value for money . It is light , feels durable , and the 10 year battery life a plus . But designing it with a 10 year battery life in mind , may be the reason why the alarm clock is terrible . It chirps lightly 5 or 6 times then quits . Turning on the snooze feature will make the watch try and wake you up again a few minutes after it quit chirping the first time , but its just too quiet . Overall , the solid feel and the large typeface make this watch a good buy for a casual runner or cycler that needs something basic yet durable .
 After my old watch stopped working , I tried to replace the battery myself but found out it was the watch itself that is broken - two batteries and $ 12 later . I then started looking for a new watch but found anything below $ 70 looked really cheap . Finally , I searched for Casio watches on Amazon and found this watch listed for $ 15 + $ 5 shipping . It has this handsome look that is better looking than even more expensive watches . I really like the clean look with large digital number display . 10 year battery life also will save me from replacing batteries for the life of the watch - there is a large price gap between 10 year battery life watches and solar powered watches . I 'm very happy with this purchase .
 Bought the first time about five or six years ago as a backup watch and loved it ever since . Great face , time , date , alarm , and even the day of the week which was great to have considering I worked a schedule that was a seven day a week job . The only problem you are going to have with it is the band is going to go way before the watch does and there is no way of replacing it , I just keep replacing the watch two at a time . It 's even pretty good looking with a low profile . Cant be beat for the price , best value out there .
 I bought this watch because I get eczema on my wrist in the winter so much that my medal-band Citizen Eco-Drive bothers me . This watch is great for that reason and is quite comfortable on . I have only had it for about 2 months so I ca n't speak to the band issues that others have discussed . I like the clear , large display and the fact that it can have two time zones . Good watch for the price !
 I bought this watch for my son . This is a nice light weight , water resistant watch that an adult or child can wear in comfort.It has a lot of nice features , including stop watch and multiple alarms . The only -LRB- minor -RRB- problem was trying to disable the hourly alarm - the instructions were a little bit confusing . Other than that , this is a great watch at a great price .
 The watch is great , battery has outlasted the watch band every time . As others stated , the band breaks over time because it 's a hardish kind of rubber or resin and you ca n't replace it with a standard band . You have to buy a specific band that 's about $ 12 , but the watch is only $ 16-20 , so I 've been buying the watch every year and a half or so . Small footprint , nice options for cheap .
 I originally bought one of these many years ago for work and it performed very well considering the type of work I do . Paid about $ 10 or $ 11.00 for it and after about 3 years the band broke . Since it 's not cost effective to replace the band on a $ 10 . watch , I simply bought another one for around $ 13.00 a couple of years ago . The 2nd watch and band are still going strong . Since I like the watch so much , I just ordered a 3rd one on Amazon to be sure I have it if/when the 2nd watch or band fails.Pros : Keeps good timeStopwatch functionWater resistantLong battery life -LRB- I still have the original watch with the broken band and it 's still running -RRB- Cons : Cheap band -LRB- but hey , it 's a $ 15.00 watch -RRB- Alarm is too quietAll-in-all , this watch offers great ` bang for the buck ' ! I recommend it .
 I bought this watch for work and absolutely love it . It is a basic Casio digital watch that is easy to read and is very comfortable on my wrist . In fact , the minute I put it on , I was more than satisfied . Most complaints about the strap are the fact that it breaks and is not replaceable . I accept that , so I am being careful when I put it on and take it off . Another point is that the face is all glass . I have already scratched the front , but the digits are still clear and I can probably just get a scratch remover product to fix it . Overall a great purchase for the super low price .
 I got this watch about 11/2 years ago and while it 's not my best looking watch , it 's the watch I wear the most due to it 's functionality.A few things I like about it : The light stays on for a second or so after pressing the button , so there 's no need to hold the button down . They call this part of their `` illuminator '' line of watches , but the backlight is definitely lit from one corner . It 's not an even background glow like my g-shock illuminator casio . Still the coverage is even enough and nice and bright.Cycling through the modes is easy , and it has a different beep sound when you get back to the main display , so you can cycle really quickly and wait to hear the right beep to know you 're back to the standard time/date . The stopwatch does n't roll over until 24 hours have passed - that 's nice for timing all-day events or longer runs/rides . Its large display is really easy to see at a glance . Having the month and day of the week on the main display is a plus . The large buttons are easy to work with gloves on . Water resistance is nice too . It 's not too large of a watch which works well on my narrow wrists.A few things I do n't like : I work in retail and I 'm constantly banging it against shelves , products , etc so the watch has gotten fairly worn looking over the last year and a half . The clear plastic is scratched up -LRB- but still easy to see through -RRB- . The silver paint is also worn off the plastic border along the top and bottom of the watch . The good news with that is that the plastic underneath is a sort of grayish color , and almost matches the areas that still have silver paint . It 's inexpensive , so if it gets a severe scrape I 'll just replace it.The alarm is quiet and stops in about 20 seconds , so it 's easy to sleep through or ignore . I ca n't depend on the alarm to wake me 100 % of the time.All in all it 's a great watch for the price . Nobody has ever said `` hey nice watch '' but it has just enough style to get by with . When this one breaks I 'll probably replace it with the same thing .
 This is my second one in 10 plus years . The first one 's alarm does n't work anymore but use as stop watch for my exercise . These watches can take a beating but continue to run .
 Very light watch with water resistant option and others basic options . It 's a very good price for a Casio watch .
 An excellent watch for the price mentioned . does have all the routine functions and its the casio brand afterall ... the father of the digital watch revolution!Purchase it to get absolute functionality . . also looks less dastardly as compared to similarly priced options .
 This style -LRB- Casio makes a couple similar -RRB- is my favorite watch because of the large clear numbers and date . I personally find over the years that I prefer visibility of the time over all else when using a wristwatch to tell time.The price is amazing -LRB- under $ 15 -RRB- and my repeat buying of this style is only due to a phenomenal innate ability I have to lose a wrist watch that is basically securely strapped to my wrist whenever I am not sleeping ... . Yet this year alone I 've lost 3 watches -LRB- the last 3 were not this model -RRB- and was glad to see this one back on sale , and my memory of how much I like the simple , easy to see time and date was not a ` good old , yet untrue , memory ' .
 In service since 9/4/2008 and still working , best $ 16 - $ 20 watched I 've own , swim , shower ... hard use . I only buy CASIO watches . Big easy to read numbers , 10 year battery , stop watch , 12/24 .
 This watch has very plain functions that do perfectly it , is very affordable and durable too , just recently had to change the belt and I 've been using it for three years .
 Simple , cheap , cool watch . Nice big time on front . Cheap enough to not care about .
 I love this watch ! it 's easy to use and the numbers are easy to see.The only thing I did n't like is because the dysplay is not made of glass is a kind of resin instead which is easy to scratch .
 Very attractive look @ fare price , 10yr btry life assured , Lets See ! Dual time mode is useful , but , would have been even better if times were based on GMT difference .
 I first bought this watch at a local shop and the reasons for choosing this watch were the following -1 . It has a nice large display .2 . There are no `` obvious buttons '' - Some watches have either stop watch or light button in a very prominent area , protruding out and they can easily get pressed accidentally while doing regular chores , sometimes even while putting hands in trouser pockets . This watch does n't have those .3 . You see everything that matters in one shot - hour , minutes , seconds , day , date , month and even year , alarm and snooze . This was probably single most important reason for choosing this watch . And I think most of the time this is the only information you are interested in and will be looking for , in a watch at any given point in time . Most of the watches show just the time and date but for everything else you need to press at least one key . Some watches show only time and for month and date you need to press key . No such crap with this watch .4 . This watch hides everything else nicely . But the rest of the stuff can be accessed equally easily through the buttons provided . But trust me - once you adjust the date and time to your local date and time - it will probably be the last time you will be pressing any keys .5 . Technically the manual says that the 10 yr . battery life is calculated taking into account certain fixed seconds of alarm/chime and fixed seconds of using the built in light . If you never use any of these - the battery will last way past 10 years -LRB- ofcourse if your watch is new and wasnt sitting on the shelf in the shop for years - which is again highly unlikely -RRB- . I dont use alarm/chime because I use my mobile for all my alarms . I dont use the light because I dont go to wrong areas at wrong times : - -RRB- 6 . This is perhaps the only watch I have come across that doesnt waste absolutely any `` real estate '' on the display . Plain common sense display will really attract you.I have been using this watch for more than an year and following are the cons -LRB- these are the only reasons I am rating this watch at 4 -RRB- 1 . The display glass of the watch is just too soft - it scratches easily . One small dash at any hard surface puts scratches on it . The watch , if dropped from some height , lands on the display and that can cause some serious scratches -LRB- personal experience -RRB- . But it also means that those scratches fade out eventually . The glass keeps getting smoother with day-to-day usage . My first scratch has faded away completely and can be detected only if seen really closely . Perhaps to keep the cost low - they compromised on the quality of the glass .2 . The belt of the watch is a bit on the weaker side - mine broke in 1.3 years - but then thats because I am a 24 hr watch man . The only time my watch separates from me is while bathing . I do not remove it even while sleeping . So your 's will definitely last longer -LRB- at least a bit more than mine -RRB- . If you are travelling to some other country where the watch belts are cheaper and the labor cost of fixing them is lesser than US then you can easily get a new belt.Overall its a really really good watch especially for the price and would recommend it to others and would love to buy again myself . BTW its cheaper on amazon even with shipping -LRB- as of this writing -RRB- . Some of the local shops are selling this item for 20 + dollars as of today . I bought mine for approx 21 bucks -LRB- over an year ago -RRB- including tax .
 Pros
 I was looking for another , inexpensive digital sport watch when I came across this one . At first glance I completely forgot about the other watch and bought this one!I like digital sport watches . I 've never been one for dress watches . I have them for those times that I need one . But generally I like the more casual sport watches and I like digital watches.I like the look of this watch . The silver trim gives the look some character not found on the rubber -LRB- resin -RRB- sport wathes . It really sets this watch apart from other digital sport watches . The numbers are easy to read . The watch is a nice size . It does n't overwhelm your wrist and it is pretty light.Most information you would want at a glance is there ; the time , day , date and even the year . The buttons are easy to reach and the watch is has nice symmetry.I do n't use the functions found in the watch but it has the basic flavor alarm , stop watch , etc.The watch is what it is , an inexpensive , nice looking sport watch and therefore your expectations should be in line with that . You probably wo n't get many compliments on it and it may not last forever , $ 20 - $ 30 range watches do n't . But Casio has done a very nice job delivering a very nice sport watch that is easy to read , very functional and has a little bit of style for a very nice price !
 Main display shows time in easy-to-read large numerals , plus day-of-the-week , date , month and year -LRB- ! -RRB- plus alarm settings all on one screen . Also stopwatch , alarm , and dual time modes . Battery lasts more-or-less forever . All for under $ 20 ! Only flaw is plastic strap will eventually wear out and break . I leave this watch on literally all the time , which minimizes that problem . If only it came with a leather strap ... If you 're looking for style , look elsewhere .
 I replace this watch about every 2 years due to the band breaking or the face becoming unreadable.I use to hand me down the old watch to my son who use to think this was great . As he got older , he is not so enthusiastic and his mom got him a G shock , so the old watch is now used for specialized activities such as a stop watch.I love this display because it shows everything I need to know about time . There have been days I could not remember what year , month , day of the week it is and a quick glance at the watch gets me back in sync with reality.I am not a addict , I just have had a very busy life.The alarm is not an overpowering sound , so I have to be careful not to put the watch too far away from the ear at night . I do have to take off the watch because I put my hands under the blankets in winter time and will not hear the alarm . This works out ok because if I do not want to hear the alarm , I put the watch in a drawer and I sleep though the wake up alarm . I use to switch the alarm off , but then I forget to reset the alarm to on and miss the alarm in the morning . The quietness is also helpful in not waking up my wife in the morning.I have replaced the watch about 5 times , and will continue to use the model . I am learning to keep the band a little on the loose side to keep from stressing the band so I can increase the life of the band .
 This is a great watch with large LCD digits to tell time . The only problem with this watch is the same as for ALL Casio watches which have a plastic band . The resin watch band does not last . I currently have 4 perfectly working casio watches with a broken band . The replacement band is only a few dollars cheaper than buying a new watch . Maybe this is Casio marketing trick to get people to keep buying there watches !!!!
 It is a great sports watch for work and sporting activities . The only thing wrong with this watch is the watch band . When the band cracks up and it gets dirty , it breaks and you are so sad you need another watch band . There is no other way you can purchase another one . You go online to many different websites and they have other watch bands except yours . You can go to Wal-Mart or Target and they have their different watch bands you can purchase , but still you are sunk without a new watch band . I ended up purchasing this watch and wearing only to very important functions . Just wear your watch and wear it sparingly .
 I have owned several Timex watches and have always been happy with them . They 're good watches for the money . I ordered this Easy Reader watch because I liked the simple style of it . I work in a business office and the classic design of this watch fits great with my work attire . It 's comfortable to wear and it 's nice to be able to just glance at it quickly and read the time . It slides around a little on my small wrist , but I have yet to find an expansion band that does n't . It 's keeping perfect time and the date display is a nice little extra feature . I would certainly recommend this watch - not just because it 's an easy reader , but for the nice classic design that works for both the office and casual wear .
 one of our better buys , we 'd do it again if the opportunity presented itself ; we 're very satisfied with the product after trying several other watches
 I wanted a two tone watch with a night light and a date function -- one that is easily set . This watch has it all . It is two tone , albeit a little heavy on the gold . The date is easily set , not like my last timex that had to be set by turning the hands 24 hours for each day change . And the watch is attractive -- not fancy , but good for all purpose use.When the watch arrived , it was a little large . Taking a tip from other reviewers , I took it to my local Fred Meyer jewelers and had three links removed -LRB- they did n't charge me a thing , although I would have gladly paid for the service -RRB- . I still have the links in case I should ever have to have them put back.I have been using timex watches for many years , as they are inexpensive and reliable . I believe this watch will be no exception .
 I have had indiglo watches for several years . Buy my last one was one of my favorites and when my husband broke it , I wanted one like it . This one is perfect . And not only that , I did n't have to have links taken out for it to fit my wrist . If you have a big wrist , it probably wo n't be as good a fit since it 's a little tight on me
 The watch is just what I wanted . I had owned an indiglo a few years ago and liked it.This one is just what I wanted and needed .
 . The watch is well made , looks great and wears wonderful . I have bought several of this same watch over the past 15 years and the battery usually last about 2 years . I usually just buy another watch instead of replacing the battery as i am rough on my watches .
 Order this watch as a Christmas present , arrived on time and was what the ad said , mast of all a great price was great deal . Recommend it to all .
 I am very happy with my purchase of the Timex watch - thank you . Always use Timex - they last forever .
 This is a great product . It is lightweight and , therefore , very comfortable . This is important to me because I wear it all day and comfort is important to me . Also , the lighted dial is great when I am at the theater or in the car or anywhere else I need to see the time in the dark without disturbing anyone around me .
 Waited for a better price , the watch is great , and exactly as advertised . Best work watch ever for a nurse .
 I purchased this Timex watch for my Mom who is 89 years old . She likes it because it has larger numbers and she can push a button and it lights up so she can see the time . It 's a good product for a reasonable price .
 I like the large numbers , the watch is plain , simple and is perfectly adequate if you are happy with just being able to see the time . Which is perfect for me . I do n't need all the bells and whistles . A watch is just a watch . : -RRB-
 I actually purchased this watch at a fine jewelery store ... at a much heftier price ! So when I decided to check Amazon 's watch department , I was not as pleased with my purchase as I had been . But it 's a waste of energy to cry over spilled milk , my mother always told me , so I 'll limit the whining.I thought I 'd review it , anyway , because I really like this watch for all the reasons stated in Amazon 's product description -LRB- stainless steel , two-tone , white dial , black hands , etc. -RRB- ... and more ! I think the thin band and style of this watch is modern , simple and elegant , but what I like best is that it 's easy to read , I can wear it in the pool and since it 's both silver and gold , it complements most of my jewelry . Another plus is that Timex is a trusted brand that 's been around since I was a kid , and that was long ago ... lolTimex Women 's T2H491 Easy Reader Two-Tone Expansion Band Watchis not an expensive watch , by any means , but it suits me and my lifestyle.I highly recommend this watch and Amazon 's new watch department . Five stars , any old time . -LRB- pun intended -RRB- Reviewed by Betty Dravis , June 13 , 2010Author of `` Dream Reachers '' -LRB- with Chase Von -RRB- and other books
 It 's a fine watch for the price . My only complaint is that there are teeny tiny little marks between the numbered ones , so small I ca n't even focus on them to count them . So instead of helping to know the minute , they actually obscure the fact . If there was exactly one mark per minute , or if the minute marks were a little larger , it would be exactly the watch I wanted .
 This is the closest to a Timex I wore everywhere for at least 10yrs before it quit . I work nights as an RN , and this one is even easier to read than the old one , also the indigo lightup feature is excellent for seeing in a patient rooms at night . I use the same watch everywhere I go , not just for work . I really like the expansion band for ease and speed of putting on . Have n't tried to use the date feature yet , it is very small , I do n't even need it .
 This was actually the second one of these watches I bought for my mom . She wore the first one for 10 + years until it would n't tick any more . This one arrived quickly , was beautifully packaged , and was the same great-looking watch as the original . She particularly appreciates the large , white , easy-to-read face that lights up if needed .
 A nice watch to wear with both silver and gold jewelry . I know the style today is to mix metals but , hey , I 'm old fashioned . I either wear all gold or all silver . This two toned watch with a very readable face works with either metal.Timex still makes reliable classic watches at very reasonable prices .
 This is the perfect watch for the woman over 40 . The nightlight feature is also a plus . I 'm not crazy about the flexible band , but that is easily changed .
 My wife loves her new Timex . Which is interesting , I think , since it replaced a more expensive Seiko watch that she had had for a very long time . The watch comes with a band that , surprisingly , fit her small wrist perfectly , so that was an immediate plus . The face and numbers are a little larger , which works well for her . She 's only had the watch a couple of weeks , , but so far , it 's a definite `` go '' .
 This is one of the best watches I have worn ! The face is big enough to read without being gaudy , the band does n't pinch , and best of all the second hand is so easy to tell apart from the minute hand -LRB- unlike my last watch which drove me crazy -RRB- ! It 's even a different color . Dressy and casual wear , pretty . I love it !
 Looked for affordable watch with large numbers , not hash marks , for some time . Wife loves this product . Simple stylish functional . Thank you Timex
 Order was shipped/received promptly . Nicely boxed & packaged properly . Price was excellent , below what I 'd paid for the same watch a few years ago .
 This watch is a great daily wear watch . Love the two tone look plus the easy read and the backlit feature is just what I needed .
 Women 's large face watchThis watch is exactly what I need in order to see the time.The number are large and clearly displayed . Having sightproblems this is the ideal watch for me .
 The watch is perfect for my needs . Nice looking , works well and I love that it lights up in the dark . I received it quickly with no hassles .
 I love this Timex . It 's comfortable to wear , large enough to see . It has the date and the indiglo . What more could you ask for in an everyday watch !! : -RRB-
 Easy to read while working . I like the two tone color . I wear it most days to work because it is not too dressy .
 The Timex Women 's T2H381 Easy Reader Two-Tone Expansion Band Watch is an easy to read , excellent watch for the price.Handy and utilitarian . A basic work watch . Nothing fancy.Takes abuse and keeps accurate time despite hard use at work or in sports.Retains attractive appearanceLooks good in a simple way .
 I ordered this watch because I need a watch which has minute markings in one minute increments
 I bought this watch at Amazon for my wife for Mother 's Day . She loves it . I do also because after searching the Web diligently , Amazon had the lowest price AND free S&H ! A great find for me and for her ; she never takes it off .
 Thanks . The watch arrived on a timely manner and in good condition.It is purchased as a gift and the receiver has not yet seen it . I hope she likes it .
 A reasonably attractive watch which keeps good time . The date feature is a little hard to see due to the small size , but I do n't know how this could be rectified due to the size of the watch itself .
 it is a christmas gift . . I like it will have to see whether it works for mother . she asked for something easier to see and I think this watch will meet her needs .
 This watch is comfortable and easy to read -- I need to see it at night so the light is very good for that . I love the 2 tone color too .
 For those of us who need a watch with a larger face , the date is unreadable , but not necessary . Missed my old Timex watches that went forever . Fits fine on an average wrist . For some reason the expansion bands on the inexpensive store watches were too big for me . Just want a dependable watch I can see and depend on . Just be ready for a larger bracelet than you might expect .
 I do love the styling of this watch . I 've bought it 3 times in the last 30 years except this time it has a calendar . I 've road tested them in multiple adventure travel situations where other watches would have faltered and it spends ample time stuck wrist deep into my garden soil . People sometimes expect watches to last a lifetime but for the price , a decade is fine by me . And they never actually died by then - they would need both a new band and a battery and the price would be close to a new one . I have a small wrist -LRB- 6 inches -RRB- so this fits just right but I if you 're much bigger than that , I would be concerned .
 The watch is perfect for everyday use . The Indiglo lighting is loved by the wife.I had thought it had a dead battery , but further investigation revealed that the stem was pulled out for shipping in order to save the battery . Pushing it in started the watch .
 Clear face , accurate and attractive in a somewhat old-fashioned way . The band is smooth and fits well . And the price is right !
 Bought as Christmas gift . Liked the reliability of Timex brand . Needed large easy to read numbers . Sure it will be perfect .
 This watch came well ahead of the expected date . The face of this watch is beautiful and so easy to read . I would have given it 5 stars except the band is really small . I love the band color , but the size is more for a child . Hoping I can find a band for it .
 Your service was excellent , I requested two day delivery and my order arrived as agreed AND in time for Christmas . The stores were all out of what I wanted to give and you had it in stock ! Thank you !
 Looks great and works great ! Good price for quality.Amazon shipped faster than expected . Got it in plenty of time for XMAS .
 Just received this watch today from Amazon and let me say that I am very picky about watches and bought this watch for 2 reasons : Bought this because TIMEX watch is my favorite brand , and it lasts and lasts ! I am going from past experiences both windup Timex watches and also Quartz Timex watches . I still have a 1985 Quartz that is still going , no light in this one this is why I bought this watch and also because it is an EASY READER ! I would have given this watch 5 stars but did not because of the watchband problem , please read on in the CONS and you will see why ... Also , did not want to see someone else go through the time and expense that I did , it cost me $ 5 to have the watchband cut and adjusted and even so it is still not a comfortable watchband due to width , so I ended up buying a LEATHER watchband at $ 9 so it cost me more money and trouble due to the wide width of this watchband that pinches ! -LRB- I have always found that leather watchbands are easier to adjust , look smart and are so much more comfortable -RRB- . PROS :1 -RRB- Easy reader feature -- this watch is very easy to read yet it is small enough to be feminine as I am girly girly ! 2 -RRB- Great simple design , just right for any occasion from everyday to dressy watch ! 3 -RRB- Best of all , the light as I need to see the time at night and in dimly lit areas .4 -RRB- Second hand , great feature5 -RRB- Water-resistant , however , I will take it off when I shower just to be on the safe side after reading the other reviews.CONS :1 -RRB- I could only find ONE CON . This watch will only accept a leather band -LRB- if you choose to replace the band -RRB- . I went to a jeweler and had him try to place a very nice metal band that should have fit this watch , it did not because it has to be rounded at the top to fix . * Note that the older Timex watches , you could replace the band with a metal band or a leather band . **** However , I did have the same jeweler take out some lengths out of the band that came with the watch and it fits OK , however because of the WIDTH of the band it pinches and is NOT COMFORTABLE . So at the same time , I bought a leather replacement band and probably have this one put on this watch as I find a leather band is much more comfortable and easy to adjust because I have such small wrists ! Would I buy this watch again ? Yes for 2 reasons
 I love this watch as I needed a new one that had the night glow feature . Its a little larger than my previous one , but not that much .
 Leave your expensive watch at home . Nice watch to wear when you travel . Especially enjoyed the Indigo back lighting at night or in a theater .
 big hit this christmas wife loved it . easy for her to read even in the lo light conditions . very atractive
 My Nanny needed a watch with large numbers and that lit up . This was the watch for her ! It looks great on her and does everything she wanted . She loved the two tone watch band . Great watch for the price !
 I wanted a watch that I could read the time without my glasses . I like this watch because it has plain to read numbers & black time hands . My eyesightdoes make it difficult to see what the date is showing but that is n't as important for me . Pauline
 Bought this for my girlfriend as a Christmas present and she loves it . She said it 's comfortable , easy to read and it lights up very good in the dark .
 I find it easy to read , like the style in general , just thought it might be a bit smaller but all round the perfect choice for me .
 This is the second two-tone Timex I 've purchased . I like the way the two-tone harmonizes with either silver or gold jewelry . The only problem is that when I use the lighted dial , it wears out the battery within three-four months . However , the batteries are pretty easy to find , and most jewelry counters can replace them .
 I have purchased Timex watches for years and this was the perfect gift for my wife , who has a hard time seeing dials without her reading glasses . My only complaint is the calendar display . You need a magnifying glass to read the number .
 It arrived as expected , on time and as described . Already used this and it works perfectly . It is a great product for the price . I would highly recommend .
 I purchased this for my Mother and she likes it . She is not easy to please , so yippee!The band fit perfectly , no pinching . The numbers are very easy to read . The price is right .
 Bought this for my mom who is 78 . It is perfect for several reasons . The face is large enough but not too big for her wrist . The numbers are clear and the light is great for nighttime . The band with silver and gold is beautiful and mass the watch elegant . Very happy with this purchase !
 A perfect nice looking easy to read everyday watch . The bracelet fit with no adjusting . Shower friendly .
 This is the first watch I 've purchased in a long time that does not spin around my wrist . I also love the light up feature . Very pleased with this watch .
 Nice Watch for my Wife . She had the same one but after years of wear the crystal was very scratched . She wanted another one & discovered on Amazon . com that they were still available . Very good product & customer service . Thanks .
 I bought this for my elderly mother who finds it difficult to see the time on other watches.It is practical and yet easy to put on.Ideal letters that can be viewed without eyestrain .
 I like this watch very much . I had the same watch before , and it lasted for ten years . I was happy to find it on Amazon . Loving it again , so far !
 Being an older adult , this is the perfect watch for me . It has a light to access in which I can see the face . It is large enough to see during the day also . I do n't keep a clock in my bedroom so this watch is perfect . The only place I have a clock in my house to use is on the stove and microwave.This watch is a smart looking watch to wear.I personally can not see the date display , but that is not as important to me.Janie Martin
 This is a great everyday watch . Inexpensive and reliable . I love the indiglo feature that illuminates the dial if you push the stem . Great at the theater or in other dark places . It has the expansion band so you do n't catch the band on anything .
 My Mom , who is 90 years young has enjoyed her Timex watch for many years . Recently it has started to lose time so she wanted to get another Timex since she has had hers for many years and it always worked perfectly . I was looking for one that was similar to the one she had and loved and I came across this one . I gave it to her last week and she was thrilled !!
 I love this watch , but my wrist complains of snugness . Perhaps I should drop a few pounds . Tee hee hee . I love the night light feature . I buy Times watches because they function . Designer watches are beautiful but they do n't last like a Timex . Timex exemplifies a dependable watch . Yes , it does require occasional winding , but I do n't feel like I 've been duped into buying an expensive watch that lasts a week .
 I love this watch ! It is two toned so it can be worn with both silver and gold jewelry . It has a nice sized face making it very easy to read along with a second hand . The Indiglow feature is important to me because if I wake up in the middle of the night , I can press the side nob on the watch and the watch gives off just enough light to see my way safely to where I need to go without turning on a light . I would highly recommend this watch to any ladies looking for a little fashion along with a practical use as well .
 This watch is a bargain . This easy reader Timex has the indiglo feature along with the date and second hand . The same watch in the local department store is much more .
 I received this as a Christmas gift this year -LRB- 2012 -RRB- so I have n't had it for long , but so far so good . I love it !
 love this simple but easy to read watch . and love the band although it is a little big . but most of all , i love the nite indigo lite that you just push in the button and it lights up .
 I had this same Timex watch , but it stopped working . I like this specific Timex . The numbers are big enough for me to see easily . And I like the Indiglo feature . It arrived on time and so far I am very pleased .
 This excellent watch looks more expensive than it cost . Elegant ! I 'd recommend this watch to anyone looking for a lovely yet inexpensive watch .
 Watch looks pretty much like the photo . The gold is a little brighter in person . Band is comfortable but a little large for my small wrist . Really like the indiglo feature and the easy to read face .
 I have been wearing this particular model for many years . I wanted another one to have as a spare . I like the gold and silver combination . I like to wear a practical watch that I can read in daylight and in the dark . The expansion band is much more convenient than one with a clasp . I have owned several different kinds of watches in my lifetime , however , I prefer the Timex Easy Reader with Indiglo and expansion band . Therefore , my choice is this model Timex .
 It was just as pictured . Should be a great everyday watch since Timex gas been a dependable product for years .
 My wife bought one exactly like it about 5 yrs ago . The light was getting very weak so I attempted to put a fresh batt in . After many attempts to get the back on , -LRB- when I could get it closed with a plastic clamp , 1/2 the gasket would squeeze out -RRB- , we threw it away and managed to find the exact replacement . My wife likes this watch beceause it has a expansion band that fits her and the idiglo for if she gets up in the middle of the night and at work . She wears it 24/7 . Showers , wash dishes and everything with it on . She works in nursing so she washes her hands many times a day . It never even once fogged up in 5 years.I guess for $ 30 - $ 40 it is not bad to throw away and replace every 5 years as long as we can get exact replacement . Mabey next time I will take it to jewlery store for batt . replacement.I did keep the spring bars out of the old one . They are nice to have on hand.I gave it 4 stars due to batt . issue . Otherwise it would get 6 ot 7 stars .
 I work in nursing and need a water resistant watch with a expansion band so I can push it up to wash my hands . I also need it to have a minute hand so I can count heart beats . This watch looks nice and meets all my needs . It 's the first time I 've owned a Timex , I usually buy Casio or Citizen watches , but I could n't find one from them that were expansion bands , had a minute hand and were water resistant . I would buy this watch again .
 I have been looking for a simple , easy to read , tough watch for a long time . This is exactly what I was looking for and I am extremely happy with it .
 This is a great watch . I wanted an expansion band because I have occasion to take my watch off and put it on several times a day . After reading one of the reviews , I hoped it did not have a &#34; pinchy &#34; feel to it . Maybe it was made expressly for my wrist , I hardly know I 'm wearing it . Very comfortable and always in the right place when I need to look at it , no sliding around . The design is perfect . I can wear it for dressy or with jeans . It is indeed easy to read , except for the tiny little date window . It is just what I was looking for . Accurate and nice looking . I am very happy with it . I highly recommend it .
 I love this watch . It is the second time I purchased it through Amazon . So many of the `` easy reader '' watches have big numbers , but they have practically invisible hands ! The gold or silver hands may be prettier than black , but are harder to see with older eyes . I always want to hollar at watch makers when I see their selection of easy readers , `` I know where the numbers are ; they do n't move . I need to see where the hands are ! '' This Timex is pretty , easy to read , and lasts until it gets smashed or washed or just worn out .
 Retired nurse who depended on many timex watches over the years . Looks great , easy to read and LOVE the indigo light . Keeps great time and reasonable price .
 This watch was exactly what I was looking for . I actually bought it because another reviewer said it pinched , which meant it was tight . My last two watches were from Walmart and I wound up not wearing either one . They were expansion bands , but fit like bracelets , which I do n't like at all . I never had problems like that before with other expansion bands , but lately I 've had nothing but problems . I do n't know if my wrist shrunk or if they 're just making them longer , but my track record the last two years has been lousy . This one is snug , which is what I wanted , and it does n't pinch -- not me at least . It 's very easy to read and nice enough for what I need . It might look a bit casual for some really fancy outfits , but it looks fine for work or church or going to a baseball game . Next time I 'll skip Walmart and go directly to Amazon and get another watch just like this .
 I wore this watch tonight to the movies . It is one of my 3 main watches . One is a plastic one I play tennis with , one is one I wear most days . This one has a great light if I am going to theater or the movies and want to be able to check the time . It is also a bit dressier . At first I thought it would be silly to have 3 watches , but they all have different purposes . Timex pulls through . I have had this over 2 years and the original battery still is functioning .
 I like Timex watches the best . I have had more expensive watches , but for my purposes , Timex is the best . As John Cameron Swaze used to say , `` It takes a licking . but keeps on ticking . `` I particularly like the Indiglo feature . I can check the time when it is dark easily.Gloria Champine
 When I ordered this watch , I was not sure how much to expect , but I was pleasantly surprised ! The expansion band fit well , a first ! -LRB- Usually , too large ! -RRB- The numerals easy to read , the indiglo light is delightful , and the date quite easy to change . Being a nurse , this is just perfect , while still it can be used as a dress watch ! Thank you so much ... and the quick response of shipment is a PLUS !!!!
 Great looking watch , it is a men 's watch but looks great on a woman too !!! Easy to read ! Elegant yet sporty ! I love this watch!Bulova Men 's Dual Dial Leather Strap Watch # 96A26
 This is a very simple & classy BULOVA . I paid $ 99 for this and when it arrived , the price tag read $ 199 , too cool .
 It did not disappoint me when I received it , still do n't know how reliable will bebecause its new but it certainly look very nice and I have received compliments from some friends about the look of the watch . I think is great when traveling toa different time zone.I add this one to an old Swiss Legend with brown strap also dual zone , now I have another with black strap .
 Traveling to Asia and I needed to keep track of time the home offices were open while in China . This watch helped out immensely ! Kept great time , was a great price and handsome to wear really anytime . Highly recommend .
 This is a nice watch if you have a small wrist which I do and it is almost too tight . Keeps great time and is nice looking .
 I workout in the pool frequently . Once in a while other swimmers would block the clock and since I use the clock to time the repetitions , my workout was hindered . This watch has exactly the features I needed ; readable without glasses , able to submerge in water , second hand and , last but not least , visually pleasing . Great watch for my needs and prompt delivery as usual !
 Good watch , works well , looks nice . Has an indiglo backlight . Band is a little snug .
 The watch is as advertised . I look forward to wearing for many years . The expansion band is small which is exactly what I needed and wanted .
 This watch is a great value and looks great . The light is bright and the watch performs well
 Bought this for my elderly mother . She loves it . It is easy to read , but still attractive for all ages . She also loves that she has no problem setting the date , as this was a problem with her old watch .
 Very nice watch , my second . First was white gold and now the yellow . Easy to read and runs well . Would recommend to anyone .
 I rec 'd my watch earlier than I had been promised . I really like thiswatch EXCEPT the Indiglo coloring no longer works . I HOPE buying a new battery will solve that problem .
 This is SO good looking . And it has the nice crisp numbers that make it very easy to see -- despite its delicate size.Amazon is the ONLY place that I could find an such attractive style of Timex like this . And I did look many places before I tried Amazon . Selection and prices are great . here .
 I bought this for my-mother-in law for Christmas and she loves it . Just what she wanted . It has the white backing and large numbers .
 This is one of the very few watches I 've ever had that did not need to have links removed in order to fit . I love the feel of the entire watch on my wrist . It is very comfortable , not too loose or too tight . For such a large faced watch it looks very good also . The light is an added plus . Maybe when I get new glasses I 'll even be able to read the date ! ... I really am VERY happy with this watch .
 Bought this for a Christmas gift for my other half for everyday . She loved it . Buying was no problem online and it was promptly shipped and received .
 My wife loved this watch so much that when it stopped working she asked for another just like it ! The first watch was purchased 4-5 years ago !
 My wife loves this wrist watch . She has a Movado that I got 2 years ago for going out on the town and formal dinner dates , she likes quality and fashion . But , the everyday watch died in November . I got the Timex because it had lots of good ratings online . My wife is petite so she does not have a big wrist ... being barely 5 ' 2 &#34; . She just loves this wrist watch . The flexible band is perfect for her wrist and the dial size is great too ... not too big . She loves the look , and the numbers are easy to read being bigger but not gaudy . It is comfortable and dressy , but appropriate for everyday .
 Watch was a gift to my mother-in-law . She is very excited and pleased to have it . It replaced an oldser watch for the 86 year old very active person .
 I gifted this watch to a very close family friend and she loves it . I like the gold chain and the date indicator !
 I 'm very happy with this watch.It 's a gift for my sister & she 's had one in the past -LRB- quite some time ago -RRB- & was looking for the exact watch . Great price & great service . Thank you so much
 I got this for my wife for Christmas and she loves it . It is a very attractive watch , easy to read and the Indiglo light is a very useful feature . In addition , the expansion band is so mush more practical than the clamp style or leather bands used on many watches - just slide it on and slide it off , it does n't need adjustment and it stays where you want it . You can also slide it up your arm a bit when washing your hands or if your doing anything that might otherwise damage it or get it dirty .
 I am very happy with the visibility of the watch face and I love the Indiglo feature . I found the band edges to be sharp and uncomfortable and , rather than go through the hassle of searching all over again , I simply replaced the band . I am now very happy with my new watch and can see it - and even the date , in the right light .
 The watch arrived very quickly . I wanted a watch with a light . This one fits my small wrist , looks very nice , and has a light I can use as needed .
 Brought this watch because it matched the man 's watch . I was looking for his and hers matching set . I ca n't be happier with its looks and comfort of wear . The stretch band fixes perfect . And with the date window and the back light , I do n't have to panic what day or time it is . It is perfect for causal or dress . love it !
 Purchased for my 93 year old mother who suffers w/dementia . She is thrilled with the fact she can read the numbers and especially that it lights up at night . Keeps her from getting up all hours of night . Yeah !
 My wife required a watch with a largish face , a segmented stretch band and back lighting -LRB- Timex uses the indiglo system -RRB- . She also likes a gold and silver finish . This watch ticked all the boxes , it is quite cheap price wise , but seems to have a durability and functionality that , as a psych tech , my wife required . A good buy
 This is a great casual watch at a very good price . Not real fancy but in style with a nice tapered band . It has the Indigo light that makes it easy to see in at night .
 This is the definitive watch for those of us for whom bifocals and trifocals have become a way of life . You can see the time any time at all with Indiglo . I have had a problem however , with the band -LRB- for the first time in my life with Timex -RRB- , the front of a link came off . I have n't returned the watch though , because I do n't want to be without it .
 I bought this watch for my mother , it arrived quickly and was as described . Easy to read with an illuminated dial feature , nice looking classic design . Would buy it another .
 I love this watch because it is so easy to read , however this is the 3rd watch identical , because the light always burns out and this is the first one that actually kept the correct date -- although I had to get out my magnifying glass to read it.Despite it 's flaws I have been unable to find another watch I like as well and will probably deal with not being able to read the date and replacing it every year when the indiglo stops working .
 I would recommend this product for anyone with a visual problem . My mother had a stroke and lost 50 % of her vision , however , this watch was easy for her to read . Thanks !
 Watch arrived on Time and is very good . Strap is quite large though . Happy overall with the watch and the service
 I 've used this watch for years because it 's got the Indiglo feature , which comes in handy when you need to make a quick check of the time in a darkened room , such as a theater . The style is simple and clean and the watch is inexpensive . A good buy .
 I had one of these watches for around ten years , and it was still running perfectly when I decided to buy another . I only opted for a new one because the old watch had become scratched around the casing and had lost a plate covering a link of the band and the little cap over the winding stem . The band itself was still intact , and the stem still functioned to change the time and calendar.I had worn the first watch on my nursing job , during yard work , and even to bed -- anywhere it would not become submerged in water -LRB- which it did several times , for short periods , when I forgot to remove it to shower -RRB- . The band is so comfortable that it 's easy to forget I have it on my wrist , and the watch 's attractive , understated appearance makes it appropriate for any occasion.And this is a great price . I 've seen the same model for over $ 40 more than the cost at Amazon !
 I 've been wearing this watch now for over a week . I bought it because the numbers seemed large enough to read without my reading glasses , and they are . The band fits perfectly - no adjustment needed . It is a nice casual watch .
 This one replaces on I bought for my mother-in-law 13 years ago . She loves it . This one has a lighted dial which is nice at night .
 I like the basic style and the fact that timex is inexpensive yet I can count on it for years .
 Accurate timing , good looking , date function working well , back light good and very useful . Altogether I feel good value for my money .
 My only complaint about this watch is that it does n't last very long . I 'm about to order my third watch of this model . On each watch , the backlighting feature has failed after 1-2 years and the watch completely died after 3-4 years . That said , except for the tiny date it 's easy to read and it has the features I want - a second hand and backlighting , and the cost is low enough . However , I would rather pay somewhat more and know the watch would work longer .
 I 've owned versions of this watch since Indiglo was invented . The same thing gets them in the end
 I do n't usually like to wear watch , but this watch is so comfortable and fitting . It has large numbers and can be read in the dark . What 's more , Amazon did a great job sending it to me in such a short time . I live in Bush Alaska , usually it takes about two or three weeks to get things that you ordered , and I got my watch in one week . I love it .
 I 've always had problems with seeing the time easily on a watch since my eyesight is n't the best . After reading reviews on this watch i decided to try it . I 'm happy to say I am not disappointed ! It 's so easy to see the time and really nice looking , not to mention a fantastic price . Really happy I bought it !
 I got this watch for my 89 yr . old mother with Alzheimer 's who also has eye problems . She is able to see the bigger numbers and is so proud of herself when she can tell me the time . It gave her a mental boost to be able to continue to tell time . I did have to take some of the links out as she has a small wrist but that was no problem .
 It 's pretty , light and so easy to read without being bulky or ugly . It keeps great time and it light up when you push the button . Great watch !
 Purchased as a gift for 89 year old woman . She loved it , could actually could see the dial to tell time !
 Practical , uncomplicated & comfortable to wear . I wear my watch to bed , so appreciate the indiglo that lets me see the time in the dark . Timex is not a fashion statement , but it is a good , reliable attractive watch .
 This is a great watch . I have owned this same style many times . I like the flex band and the big numbers on the face . The indigo light is great to use at night too .
 The Timex watch is perfect . The face is large enough for me to see well . It looks attractive with it 's golden band.I am happy with it . Unfortunately I ca n't wear it too long as for some reason I am allergic to the metal . But I like it a lot .
 Not the type to buy an expensive watch . I like this one because it is comfortable , looks good , and the watch face is big enough to read ! I can use the second hand to take my pulse on a run . LOVE the indiglo light to check the time in the dark . I do n't want to drag my cell phone out of my purse or pocket to check the time so this is a great watch for me .
 Although this watch is not only great for older women , it was perfect for my mom . She is 74 , walks for exercise , goes on trips with a group during evenings and simply loves this watch ! She likes the illuminating light , the ease of placing it on her wrist with the elastic band , and the large , easy to read face . She could n't thank me enough when she received this as a birthday .
 I need an expandable watch band for my small wrist and this watch meets my needs . It has a large easy to read face which lights up in the dark .
 Received in good order . Fit well . continues in good time . Love the backlite . One complaint , the minute/hour hands are ever so little off . Otherwise , I love my gift .
 I got this for my mother for Christmas , and I 'm very happy to report that this is the one gift I gave in 2006 that perfectly fit the recipient 's wish list . She loves it.She had worn the same watch for over twenty years , and that one had finally had it . Truth be told , my mom is n't really that much of a watch-wearer , but had been wanting a replacement for those times when she wanted to have one , even as just an accessory . Now , she wears a watch all the time.While the watch face is n't huge -- it 's reasonably sized -- the numbers are very easy to read for the eyes of a grandmother , and the font is attractive . Even the little date number inset on the three-o'clock side of the face is easy to read , and while she 'd never had a watch with a date on it before , she realizes now how much she appreciates it.It 's a handsome watch in a classy gold , and she also loves the band , which is very comfortable and expands and contracts with movement nicely.Lastly , and I get a kick out of this ; she adores the indiglo feature . Her previous watch had a little light-up button on it -LRB- one of the old-style teeny-tiny fron-the-side lights which never really threw off enough light , and even that had expired years before , and the indiglo light illuminates the whole face very nicely and clearly in a pleasing blue glow . She tells me that sometimes at night she 'll press that button just because she can . What a nice thing to say ! : ^ -RRB- To sum up , my mom wears this watch all the time , and I can tell she really loves it . The fact that she wears it so often tells me that it was the perfect gift to get her in 2006 !
 I have been wearing the watch for a couple of weeks now , and find it easy to read and comfortable . I have a small wrist -LRB- 6 inches -RRB- and the 61/2 in band is perfect.Fast delivery made the experience delightful .
 i have been a fan of timex watches . in my hands , they go through a rough time getting wet , banged , scratched etc and they still work perfectly . other than replacing the battery , they last and last . they continue to come up with fresh and chic models for everyone in the family . i love them and will continue to buy them for myself and family and friends .
 I could n't be happier with the Timex watch I purchased . It 's sharp and classy enough to wear dressed up or with jeans . The larger numbers makes my life so much easier and the fit is perfect . Having a small wrist , I have more trouble finding watches that will actually stay in place , not spin around or pinch .
 I wanted a gold tone eveyday watch and this Timex caught my eye . I was pleased when I received it because it was a good fit -LRB- my wrist is very thin -RRB- , easy to read and the face lit up in the dark . Then to my surprise , the date was included . I had not noticed it when it was purchased , but it 's another great feature that made me enjoy this watch even more .
 Though I would n't necessarily have picked this out of a lineup , I bought it to exactly replace a watch given to me by my boyfriend that belonged to his grandmother . It 's elegant , lightweight , fuss-free , durable and classy . It did take me a while to figure out how to set the date -LRB- either the day rolled over too quickly or not at all -RRB- , until I had the notion to set the date for the previous day and then advance the clock hands until the date rolled over and THEN set the correct time .
 This is the second time I 've purchased this watch . The first time was long ago and it was showing it 's age . I looked for a new watch with the same features , easy to read numbers , a light , the date , and second hand , with a stretchy band . I really like pushing a button in the dark and having the watch face light up . Did not find any I liked better than this one , especially at this price .
 This is my second Timex Women 's Watch . This style watch is a everyday watch to wear . I like the features , easy to read numbers , alsothis style has a calendar that is handy , waterproof , indigo light andexpandable bracelet . This style suits my lifestyle no matter whattasks I am doing at home or outside the home . Great price and fastdelivery of the product
 This Timex model has alot of great features all for a reasonable price.The Goldtone finish looks like a more expensive watch.This is one gift my wife really likes . She especially likes the Easy Reader face , Indigo backlight and Expandable Band.Even the date is easier to read than other watches.It is not easy to find all the features this Timex has in one watch.The watch works great and looks great . It 's a good buy !
 Even with my small wrist , this thing was too tight . I 'm hoping it will loosen up over time . I like the watch , though .
 My wife loves this watch . A watch is a fashion statement , but more importantly you can read the time . While not stellar as a brand-stamped fashion statement , it is very easy to read without extra bulk . My wife also like the convenience of the light . This is her second watch like this . The previous one lasted many years .
 Moma loved this watch . she wanted one she could wear while working outside . This watch is perfect . The face is bigger , lighted and easy to read .
 As you grow a little older , a larger watch face is very helful . My wife loves thiswatch and it 's stying . Very reasonable cost for a good looking watch . She also greatlyprefers this wrist band style .
 Large dial and slip on band . Perfect ! I have had this exact style of Timex before . As one wears out I buy another , lol ! My last one still runs but the band is giving out -LRB- but then I wear it 24/7 with the exception of showering -RRB- .
 I am very pleased with the purchase . The sellar was super fast in shipping the watch and it was so nice receiving it right away . Timex is a dependable brand and the indiglo Light and date calender make it special . I recommend it to women with small wrists .
 I bought this for my wife , who has terrible eyesight . she can actually see the dail with the &#34; lumiglo &#34; , and has been a real benifit to her life . Enjoy ! -LRB- also , it 's quite an attractive watch - not like many &#34; large faced &#34; models .
 I love it it 's easy to read and very comfy . I did have to have 5 links taken out of the band though . I love it
 It 's just what I wanted and it even has a lit face for night time . It was a perfect fit .
 My new TIMEX EASY READ is so simple and light and classy looking . It keeps perfect time and really is easy to read . I enjoy wearing it . It is like wearing a nice piece of jewelry .
 This watch was a gift for my 76 year old mom . She was able to read it easily . The band expanded to fit her comfortably . It lives up to the Timex name .
 Easy to set and a pleasure to see without struggle ! Having a small wrist did require removal of some of the links , but that was NOT easy ! However , a simple stop at a local Timex dealer quickly remedied that problem .
 the face of the watch is smaller than the picture , the back light is great . but the band was too small , hopefully I can find someone to widen it .
 I saw this watch for sale on Amazon and just had to order it . It 's like the very first watch I ever had and I still like the best .
 Just what I wanted . The price was higher than that at WalMart , however . Numbers not as large as I had expected .
 The watch is great . Easy to read and very fashionable . Very happy with it . Would buy and reccomend for someone else .
 This watch is just as it is advertized . I was pleased with it . I had it shortened , put it on and away we went .
 Was very pleased to have received myTimex Women 's T2H351 Easy Reader Gold-Tone Stainless Steel Expansion Band Watch - I received the product I ordered and it was delivered as promised.It is a good watch , looks okay , keeps perfect time.I am disappointed that Amazon displays a photograph of the watch that is a yellower gold-tone and noticably shinier that the actual product I received . The color of the actual product is less yellow-gold and is more steely-golden -LRB- stainless steel that has been dyed yellow or `` colorized '' like an old black-and-white photograph -RRB- . The gold-tone does not shine -LRB- it is not `` reflective '' -RRB- . The metal is a `` buffed finish '' -LRB- not a `` shined finish '' -RRB- . You might be thinking something like , `` Well , what did she expect ? It says `` gold-tone stainless steel '' right in the product name . '' True enough . But , Amazon displays an image of the product that 's not as steely and un-shiney as the name of the product might otherwise suggest . - Is it easy to read , as the product name suggests ? Yes . - Is the expansion band comfortable ? Yes . - Does it accurately keep time ? Yes . - Does it glow in the dark when the little time-set knob is pressed ? Yes.Would I purchase it again ? No , because I prefer a watch that 's a yellower gold-tone and has a smooth , shiney finish , rather than a dull-buff finish .
 The watch is inexpensive but attractive . Like the expansion bracelet - no watchband to break . It is easy to see because the numbers are larger than on other watches and the night light is a feature that not many other watches have . Timex makes a good product . I am very happy with this watch .
 The timex watch is great . It fits comfortably , the indiglo light is great in the nightime or dark ; the face is clear and easy to read.I do wish a bit more care had been spent on packing . The watch did arrive safely , but that was NOT because it had beencarefully packed . One bubble insert almost guaranteed that it would roll around any time it was moved . A second bubble air insert would have been an easy solution . However , although it was not packed securely , it did arrive safely .
 I love this watch . I bought it to replace one that I let my grandson play with and it disappeared never to be seen again . It was this same watch and was very happy when I found it on Amazon . However I am not going to let my grandson play with this one !
 My mother ca n't live without this watch . Great for arthritic hands and aging eyes ! She has worn this model every day and night for 10 years . The light did fail sometime ago but other than that , it has worn very well . Why buy a new one ? It cost less to buy a new one than to replace the band ! Thank goodness Timex keeps making this wonderfuly practical time piece !
 It was exactly what I wanted and it was so easy having it come to my door . Had one before and wanted to replace it , after many years of use .
 The watch is classy and great if you need a bigger `` print '' display . It is a gift for my mom and she still has to receive it to tell me how it works
 Great watch , great value . I would have given five stars , but the band is a little tighter than I would like it to be . Be careful if you have a larger wrist . And the band has tarnished a little but does n't distract from it . The numbers are big and easy to read . This will be my every-day watch . And I would recommend it to anyone who is looking for that type of watch .
 I just received this item , so I ca n't comment on longevity , but the watch is lovely , good quality , and fits perfectly on my smaller size wrist .
 The watch is stylish , easy to read and keeps good time . I 'm giving this watch 4 stars because the expansion band is too tight . I wear it every day but have to make sure to adjust the band just right , otherwise it pinches my wrist . One -LRB- or two -RRB- additional links would make this watch a perfect fit .
 I got this watch for my grandmother . She has slightly big hands , and I was worried that it would n't fit her , but it turned out to fit perfectly . It is also really easy for her to read the numbers . Overall , a really great value for the price .
 I could not do all the things I have to do without this watch . It is easy to read , even in the dark with a light . It is the perfect watch
 It looks good and fits well my wife 's thin wrist . She likes it specially because it is very practical to put it on.It does a good job for the price .
 This watch was exactly what I wanted . A dress watch but one that I can actually see without my glasses . Prompt shipping and good price .
 I bought this watch for a gift , but when I received it , I was so impressed that I almost kept it for myself . I own quite a number of watches , so I am very critical when it comes to quality and value . This watch has the look and feel of quality , yet the price is a real bargain . Order it for a gift or for yourself - you will not be disappointed .
 Advertised price highFlawed by a weak backlightMultiple functionsRecommend purchase
 This is one way to keep those watch batteries from going into yet another landfill.Just remember to give it a good winding or it will stop when you least expect it.This is a good old-fashioned WINDING watch -- NOT a self-winding watch.The nylon watchband is nice , confortable and durable . The winding knob however , is hard to get to unless you take the watch off . And the date is hard to see -- too small.Anyway , for the price , these are things I can live with .
 Arrived in a timely manner . Appears to be working good . Hard to find a windup watch for this price . I am happy .
 Arrived well packaged from Amazon.com seller . I like the tin box . Time keeping is accurate to a few seconds a day and getting better with use . Very light weight , and comfortable . Quality build is good . Should be wound twice daily . Recommend that when you pull out the Crown for setting the Time and Date , to put a drop of oil on the Crown . This will lubricate and increase the life of the seals when winding . Good buy for the price .
 This is a good mechanical watch , for the price . the wristband is a little sketchy ... but ok . according to the instructions , this watch is also slightly automatic ... though i have n't had a chance to test that out . All in all , good watch
 Let 's be honest here , this is not a Rolex ... but due to the fact that it features a quartz , battery operated watch , it keeps accurate time ! This three pack nets down to $ 13 per watch ... including the battery . This is a great deal . I find this watch useful while traveling as it does n't set off the metal detectors and has a fashionable look to it . It is extremely light weight and very comfortable on the wrist . It 's truly a unisex model and great for summer . Due to the price , it could be considered a `` disposable '' watch .
 My wife had this watch for years of good service including working in the yard and garden in all kinds of weather . It began to stop occasionally . It probably just needed some jeweler service but the band was also worn so it was more economical to just buy another one since the price is so reasonable . The band was a little long and will need to be shortened . It would be nice if the band size was given in the description or better yet allow the band size to be selected for the order . I am confident the replacement will also give years of service .
 Nice watch for the price . The only downfall is that I ca n't read the date because it 's too small . But as long as I can see the time it does n't matter .
 My wife has had this watch for more than 14 years and we just ordered a replacement -LRB- same watch -RRB- . I am pretty sure that we paid about the same price 14 years ago at a department store . This is a good looking and very practical watch that has lasted us long after we expected for its price . Yes , we had to put in a battery every 3 - 4 years . Yes , we had to replace the band too . The wife has this same watch in gold tone also . She loves them both .
 The Timex Women 's T2H331 Analog Silver-Tone Case Black Leather Strap Dress Watch arrived on time and in excellent condition . I have always and will always recommend a Timex watch .
 Excelente producto recomendado . . lo recomiendo ! funciona excelente y llego a tiempo , excelente envoltura y tal cual lo describio el vendedor
 Christmas present from my son . This is just like the very first Indiglo I owned . Love the `` glow '' and large numbers and date feature .
 I was looking for a casual watch , resistant , 'cause do n't like to take care of watches -LRB- i use 'em in any activity i 'm doing , never take them off -RRB- , and since i am a `` not located person '' it is great 'cause it has the calendar day . It looks very good in my skinny hand .
 1 of
 This watch is exactly what you want if you want a watch that 's clean and simple looking , easy to read -LRB- even in the dark with the indiglo feature -RRB- , and likely to last forever . And the price is right . Just what I was looking for !
 This was a gift for my mother . She had a similar one when she was younger and often talked about getting another one . She loved the bigger numbers since she is getting older and vision is not the best .
 I really like this watch ! It fits my small wrist perfectly and the white background with the black numbers make it very easy to read . I also really like the indiglo light . And priced right !
 This is the 3 , 4th or maybe 6th Timex watch of this type . Works well . Love the Indiglo feature . Easy to read and comfortable . Just enough features for my needs .
 I really like this watch . The face is great ... numbers and second hand is easy to read . I only wish the watch band had the buckle further over because my wrist is size 8 and buckle ended up getting in the way because it 's not centered.I would recommend it very highly .
 It 's my third one . I hate the band , so I put an expansion band on . Go on out and try it .
 My Timex Watch -LRB- Easy Reader -RRB- is just what I expected From TIMEX WONDERFUL . I have always Had Good Luck with Timex watches . A Timex was my Frist watch . Also I can REALLY see the Numbers and the second hand in the dark .
 Face is easy to read , back lighting is nice feature ! watch band is stiff - I am hoping it will soften but so far -LRB- only worn it a week -RRB- it is a bit uncomfortable ; it does not feel like a leather band on the underside . Overall , happy with watch size and features .
 I liked the product , very good . My order arrived on schedule.I am very pleased and happy with my purchaseI recommend to my friends
 Not much more you want a watch of this type to do ! The indiglo is , of course , fun .
 I love this watch as the face is so easy to read although I ignore the date as that is too small for me to see most of the time and it 's a pain to set . The watch strap is very long so if you have a small wrist , the extra length is a nuisance . I 'm a swimmer and I 've found that it 's simpler to replace the watch than to replace the battery - I 've never had success as once the watch is opened up to change the battery , it does n't seal effectively and water gets in and after a few weeks there is so much condensation under the glass that I ca n't tell the time . I 've had about 6 of these watches - and and will probably continue to buy them .
 This is the only watch I wear and I have been using it for years , replacing it only twice in many years , after heavy daily use , exposure to water , and general chaos.I love the indiglo feature and the fact that it is easy to read . The women 's version was too small for me and though I am not a man , I use the man 's watch because the face is big and easy to read . Highly recommended .
 This watch was exactly what I wanted , with the leather strap and easy-to-read face , plus the glow light to check on the time at night .
 I already bought one for myself and was so happy with it that I gave another as a Christmas gift .
 For years , I wore a Citizen `` windsurfer '' watch and from that I came to enjoy the rubberized watch band . More comfortable than metal , more durable than leather , more stylish than canvas . The defect of that watch was its overly complex digital interface . This handsome watch is analog , with easy-to-read hands and markings . Important extras include a sweep second hand as well as day/date . The watch has just enough heft to let you know it is good quality.The band is not quite as comfortable as the one that came with my Citizen Windsurfer . The good news is that you can go to -LSB- ... -RSB- and get a knockoff of that band for just a few bucks.This is my first experience with a self-winding watch . I like to trade off watches , so I may find myself re-setting this one if I go a few days wearing other watches . However , if the hands glow as I hope , I will always wear this one at night.I got mine for $ 90 on eBay with $ 10 shipping . Very happy with this watch so far .
 I had a watch decades ago that had the orange dial face -LRB- a Timex -RRB- and when I saw this one I had to have it . Seiko makes quality watches and the first thing you will notice is the weight -LRB- very heavy even for a self winding analog -RRB- . I prefer the all silver ring around the outside of the dial face without the black numbers . I have had several compliments from family and friends on this watch and its unique look . Amazon had the best price I could find on the internet and I saw this same watch at a store for almost 100.00 more.Some small cons are
 Here 's the bottom line , up-front ... if you want a high-quality and automatic -LRB- kinetic / self-winding -RRB- watch and you LOVE the color orange -LRB- like I do -RRB- , then this is the best watch for the money , hands down . My wife purchased this for a father 's day gift.I purchased this watch through another seller here on Amazon , though they do n't have it in stock any longer . I 've repeated my exact review in hopes that it helps you make a decision.Detailed Review : The first thing you will notice when you see this watch is how upscale it looks . It is fastened around a pillow in the box and the entire package screams out `` expensive watch '' . This is further confirmed by the large , 3 cm -LRB- ~ 1 & 1/8 '' -RRB- dial that is easy to see , and a beautiful shade of orange . This is surrounded by a silver , movable compass ring that is more form than function . The crown is a pull-out , 2 position style.There are marks for each hour , with larger triangles at the six and nine o'clock mark and a double triangle at the twelve o'clock position . These , along with the hour and minute hands are highly luminescent and very easy to see in the dark.When you take the watch out of the case , you 'll probably notice the heft of it . Mine weighed in at 88.5 grams -LRB- about 1/5th of a pound -RRB- which is very heavy compared with other sport watches . After getting it started by swinging it back and forth , I was pleasantly surprised to see the smooth , sweep motion of the second hand -LRB- about 4-6 ticks per second so it appears very smooth -RRB- . Flip the watch over and you 'll be treated to a gorgeous view of the inside workings of the watch . The clear case / glass back is a feature only found on the 100m water resistant watches in the Seiko line -LRB- see the Pros section below for more info -RRB- * . The deeper rated ones all have full steel back in order to maintain the seal at higher pressure.The rubberized band is very comfortable for day to day wear , though the watch would be at home with any band ... dressy leather to metal links to sporty Velcro ... and all others in between.There is ample documentation in the booklet on setting the watch -LRB- it is a three-hand , day & date model -RRB- . An interesting feature is the inclusion of the option to display the day in Spanish . Additionally , the weekdays all appear in black , with Saturday in blue , and Sunday in red for a little additional touch.Finally , over the course of a week , wearing the watch everyday , there is no appreciable loss in time -LRB- about a minute -RRB- . If you stop wearing it for about 48 hours , you will begin to see it slow down and eventually stop . If this happens , just swing it back and forth to get it restarted and reset the day and date.Pros - Automatic -LRB- kinetic , self-winding , etc -RRB- - Orange dial -LRB- go Tennessee Vols ! -RRB- - Nice styling would work with any band - Smooth , sweep movement of second hand - Luminescent hands VERY EASY to read in dark - Glass back allows glimpse into craftsmanship - Nice and heavy - Water resistant to 100m -LRB- 330 ft -RRB- ** It is highly unlikely that any recreational diver will even come close to exceeding this limit as 40m -LRB- 130 ft -RRB- is the absolute recreational diving limit for divers specified by Recreational Scuba Training Council . Anyone diving below this will have specialty equipment anyway.Cons - Pop-out crown -LRB- screw down crown would be preferred -RRB- - Must be worn at least every 48 hours for a while , otherwise the movement will stop and the time/date will need to be set - Not a perpetual calendar -LRB- i.e. day/date must be updated on months without 31 days -RRB- Overall , I am extremely pleased with this watch and would definitely buy again . There is no way I would pay more for the beefed up version rated for 200 m . It looks less professional , lacks the glass back , and is n't worth the additional money .
 Here 's the bottom line , up-front ... if you want a high-quality and automatic -LRB- kinetic / self-winding -RRB- watch and you LOVE the color orange -LRB- like I do -RRB- , then this is the best watch for the money , hands down . My wife purchased this for a father 's day gift.Though I left seller feedback already , tt was shipped by JustCalculators in perfect , unopened condition and arrived earlier than it was promised.Detailed Review : The first thing you will notice when you see this watch is how upscale it looks . It is fastened around a pillow and the entire package screams out `` expensive watch '' . This is further confirmed by the large , 3 cm -LRB- ~ 1 & 1/8 '' -RRB- dial that is easy to see , and a beautiful shade of orange . This is surrounded by a silver , movable compass ring that is more form than function . The crown is a pull-out , 2 position style.There are marks for each hour , with larger triangles at the six and nine o'clock mark and a double triangle at the twelve o'clock position . These , along with the hour and minute hands are highly luminescent and very easy to see in the dark.When you take the watch out of the case , you 'll probably notice the heft of it . Mine weighed in at 88.5 grams -LRB- about 1/5th of a pound -RRB- which is very heavy compared with other sport watches . After getting it started by swinging it back and forth , I was pleasantly surprised to see the smooth , sweep motion of the second hand -LRB- about 4-6 ticks per second so it appears very smooth -RRB- . Flip the watch over and you 'll be treated to a gorgeous view of the inside workings of the watch . The clear case / glass back is a feature only found on the 100m water resistant watches in the Seiko line -LRB- see the Pros section below for more info -RRB- * . The deeper rated ones all have full steel back in order to maintain the seal at higher pressure.The rubberized band is very comfortable for day to day wear , though the watch would be at home with any band ... dressy leather to metal links to sporty Velcro ... and all others in between.There is ample documentation in the booklet on setting the watch -LRB- it is a three-hand , day & date model -RRB- . An interesting feature is the inclusion of the option to display the day in Spanish . Additionally , the weekdays all appear in black , with Saturday in blue , and Sunday in red for a little additional touch.Finally , over the course of a week , wearing the watch everyday , there is no appreciable loss in time -LRB- less than 1 minute -RRB- . Pros - Automatic -LRB- kinetic , self-winding , etc -RRB- - Orange dial -LRB- go Tennessee Vols ! -RRB- - Nice styling would work with any band - Smooth , sweep movement of second hand - Luminescent hands VERY EASY to read in dark - Glass back allows glimpse into craftsmanship - Nice and heavy - Water resistant to 100m -LRB- 330 ft -RRB- ** It is highly unlikely that any recreational diver will even come close to exceeding this limit as 40m -LRB- 130 ft -RRB- is the absolute recreational diving limit for divers specified by Recreational Scuba Training Council . Anyone diving below this will have specialty equipment anyway.Cons - Pop-out crown -LRB- screw down crown would be preferred -RRB- - Must be worn at least every 48 hours for a while , otherwise the movement will stop and the time/date will need to be set - Not a perpetual calendar -LRB- i.e. day/date must be updated on months without 31 days -RRB- Overall , I am extremely pleased with this watch and would definitely buy again . There is no way I would pay more for the beefed up version rated for 200 m . It looks less professional , lacks the glass back , and is n't worth the additional money .
 This is a nice watch it is a good size and feels and looks well made , the price is reasonable as well .
 I need to change the watch wrist and I havent been able.Pls let me know where can I find one to change it because it si unconfortable to use for a long period of time
 I had one of this watch myself a few years ago , one day we had history at the school and we were watching a film , about WWRII . I turned off the TV , each time , the teacher turned on . She was so surprised , what 's wrong with the TV , and she was thinking probably it 's because of the weather is too warm . But it was not the case , only a few of my classmates knew that it was me that was turning off the TV . hehehe ... but eventually more students found out that it was me , and then the teacher.The teacher did n't become angry or something , because she was a nice teacher . I used that watch for a total of four years , and worked very well . until one day it ran out of battery , and tried to replace a new battery but I could n't do . and did n't work anymore ... you can buy , and its fun .
 O.K. the watch is awesome . You will have to program the watch to work on certain t.vs and boxes . It comes w / directions so it will be easier than you think it might be . you have to be kinda close to the t.v. to get the watch to respond to the it.it is also pretty fun to run around and click t.v.s on and off . especially in school . just dont get caught and make sure the tvs are the right kind.Jax Zangakis
 The great problem ... Where is the TV control ... Ok . Whit this wacht , that problem it 's gone .
 The watch is great , performs excellent with the remote control feature , the downside is that does not has a light to see the time at night , everything else superb .
 This is the perfect gadget for my teen son . He loves being able to control the tv from his wrist and quickly found out how to use the learn function to control various devices at the same time . He also enjoys using the calculator and alarm functions . The only negative ; the watch crystal sits rather high and already has a scratch .
 This is an excellent product packed with features . The perfect gift for tech-head friends or family that do n't mind sifting through a telephone sized manual.Delivery was swift , well packaged , and free of defects or careless errors .
 It is a blast ! In my opinion it is well worth the money.The Cons-I 've found these hardly ever come with an instruction manual ... and not readily available . Those that I found on the net are in other languages.Also one thing that would make this the ultimate device is a back light . - Lack of one makes it useless in the dark.Distance is limited to about 15 feet -LRB- 5 meters -RRB- and less.Its buttons are small , so if you have big fingers you may find operation hard.The Pros : Its size is relatively small , for what it can deliver.As stated ; has a learning function ... which is awesome , most any remote - with a function can be learned by this watch ... though you are limited to the presets.Great fun ! Highly recommended !
 I do n't own one anymore , but I bought one back in 1994 . Same watch , same features . I was 15 years old living in Mexico and owning this watch was the sweetest thing ever . You could do magic and people wont believe you even when I told them it was my watch . . I would turn on and off any public tv , in school , restaurants , you name it . Fun fun fun ... Great watch but I think it 's out of fashion .
 I 've owned this watch for years , it was the best gift my family gave me!what 's funny about it , is the range of the remote from across the room.I 've been in restaurants and even at family events . . and the first thing they ask , is that really a remote ? when I show them I can turn on any tv it amuses them . . its one of those remote watches that 's great when you lose your remote somewhere in the house . . even more fun is sneaking up behind someone and changing the channel : -RRB-
 I 've always been into remote control watches and I 've owned several before this one , but all of them seemed to have quality issues as they were Chinese brands . Even the previous Casio remote control watch I had failed my expectations miserably .8 months ago I received this watch as a present . I must say it 's about the best remote control watch you can get on the market now and what 's more , it 's a Casio watch . I chose this over the CMD-30 model as this one has more codes pre-programmed into it than the older model , plus it can save up to 16 sets of infrared data from any IR device , which includes air-cons . Now how awesome is that?After some field testing I 've found out that certain modern , flat screen plasma/lcd/led TV brands like samsung and LG does n't work with this watch . Apart from that it 's a pretty cool device to wear on your wrist , making you feel powerful everytime you 're near a TV . The range , however , is nothing to boast about . Anything mroe than 5m and you 'll be struggling . That is still fine for me , as I just have to go nearer . It is n't the most discreet remote around , which is apparent from the 16 colourful calculator buttons and the red `` off '' button . I 've had friends asking me how the remote control worked just by looking at the watch.The thing that has impressed me the most is how the watch is standing up to heavy usage thus far . It 's been a good 8 months of frequent wearing and 135 TVs later , it still works perfectly fine . the battery is still going strong . The stopwatch and calculator is useful and being able to mute the watch sounds is a big bonus for me . One good thing about such retro watches is that the alarm is significantly louder than modern watches.I would strongly recommend the version with luminous buttons over the one with the colourful buttons.I 've had many priceless , fun , exciting and hilarious moments with this watch and surely it is worth much more to me than US$ 49 .
 I like the watch , I bought two of them , so my husband would not take mine so I ordered him one too . Now we both have watches , I really like them . It arrived on time . would order again .
 i order this watch for my husband online , it was fast and easy , i ca n't believe that i got it in the next two days . that was the most amazing thing . am hope to do more business with you . my husband loves his new toy its easy to use anywhere anytime . thanks again
 great watch . excellent device . i only wish it worked with my tv . but that 's just my tv . still a great trick and gadget to have !
 I am training for the London Marathon and this watch is just what I needed . It 's so easy to use , especially when you are running , and records splits too!I would recommend this watch to anyone who needs a sports watch to record split times.The Indiglo feature is really cool too in that the actual numbers light up and not the whole watch face.One other feature that I really like is that the band that you slip the end of the strap through to hold it in place actually has a little nubbin on it that holds it in place along the strap . On all my other sports watches the band always slipped off the strap and the strap would get caught on my clothing.Just a warning though , the purple is not really that purple , but if you look closely you can tell . As I was more interested in the functionality of the watch , it does n't really matter to me .
 I bought this watch as a replacement for my old Women 's Ironman watch that was purchased around 1998 . Because that watch lasted so long -LRB- it actually still works -RRB- I knew I would stick with the Ironman line and I could still enjoy an upgraded product . I have used this new watch to train and complete a sprint triathlon , and I look forward to many more years ' use . A great buy !
 Color is paler than the photo - but works great and it was just what I wanted ...
 I wear this every day and shower in it as well as wash dishes . It is holding up well , and it even tells me what day of the week it is ! If anything ever happens to this one , I will certaily buy another .
 I got this watch for my wife and she absolutely loves it ! She likes the color , the way the band feels on her wrist , the fact that she can program it herself , and that it 's not `` too sporty '' . She likes it so much that she sleeps with it on and basically only takes it off when she takes a shower ... Sometimes it seems like she likes that watch more than me ! : -RRB-
 the color of the watch appears differently depending on the lighting . i can see where the previous reviewer was disappointed that it was not quite as lavender as it appeared in the picture , but i really enjoy the subtlety of the color . it 's a nice silver with a girl-ish lavender kick , which is exactly what i was looking for . i love how the numbers light up lavender as well.i had a very similar model of this watch in blue that lasted me three years -LRB- of competitive running and weekly pool workouts -RRB- before it was stolen . although during that time , some of the silver on it began to chip off , i am admittedly not the gentlest of watch-users . my sister , however , has the same watch and used it under the same conditions , and it is still working and none of the paint has flecked off.so far , i am very much enjoying this watch . i have gotten several compliments on it and smile every time i see it on my wrist .
 Nice watch , and the frame is a little bigger than the older version . The picture also makes it look a little more purple or lavender than it actually is . But all in all a very nice watch and in perfect condition .
 This watch is just like my last one and it is the perfect watch for me . It has the functions I need - Lap splits , chronograph , timer , alarm . The silver trim looks good and I think it makes the face more visible .
 Got this for my husband since I thought it was gray and black , but it 's actually light purple and dark gray -LRB- for the band -RRB- . It 's a great watch -LRB- since I have a similar one -RRB- so I could n't give it any fewer stars based on this mix-up . I like the feature of storing 3 time zone clocks and the stopwatch is really easy to use .
 Its a nice watch and easy with the buttons . Only sometimes it can get a bit difficult to get it off but otherwise a great watch . And i can time my runs , set 3 alarms , set 3 time zones , lights up in the dark . And the color is not really pinkish but more a shade of grey . All in all a nice basic watch .
 TOOK OFF 1 STAR BECAUSE I THINK THE LILAC COULD BE A LITTLE DARKER . IT 'S NOT AS DARK AS THE PICTURE HERE ON AMAZON . BESIDES THIS , I LOVE IT . I REALLY DO N'T NEED THE STOP WATCH PART OF IT , I JUST WANTED SOMETHING DIFFERENT AND I 'M TIRED OF TRYING TO FIND A NICE WATCH WITH THE DATE . THE INDIGLO LIGHT IS BLUE , AND IT LIGHTS UP THE NUMBERS NOT JUST THE BACK GROUND , I THINK THATS COOL.AND THE BAND IS BLACK I COULD N'T REALLY TELL FROM THE PICTURE IF IT WAS BLACK OR LIKE A PLUM COLOR . I RECOMMEND GOING TO THE TIMEX WEBSITE TO SEE THE TRUE COLORS OF THE WATCHES .
 I did not expected this watch to last at all since it was for my GF . . And she is not very well know for someone that cares for her things since you is always is running around with all of her fitness and all , , but its been over 2 years since I gave it to her and she still has it . .
 this is a great watch for the money ! . and i like the turn n pull alarm . its loud and crispif your looking for a good watch you cant go wrong with this
 Everthing was as expected and received everything like expected . I would order from them again . I bought the watch as a christmas present for my brother and he has not complained yet ! HA !
 The watch looks good and stylish , the only thing negative I have found with this watch is that contrast between the hands -LRB- white -RRB- and the background -LRB- white -RRB- is not that good ... so if you are not in good light conditions . . you end up turning on the light of the watch ... but then again ... there is a third hand in the watch -LRB- i think it 's for the seconds . . but it is not normally moving -RRB- ... so you still have to focus on it and see which hand is the minute hand in order to read the time ...
 This chronograph is a good and reliable stop watch with a split timing function . It also has a good alarm . The buttons are robust , meaning they do n't catch on anything and tear or start the chronograph . It 's attractive looking and does n't cost that much.The only draw back is that the chronograph function does n't have an hour marker on it . After 30 minutes elapsed you 've got to keep a running total in your head .
 Ever since I bought my first Timex Expedition watch with Easy-set alarm , I 've been hooked . I really prefer an analog dial to a digital watch , and the Easy-set alarm is so intuitive that I actually use it all the time . I guess that one drawback is that it does n't last forever ; the last couple of watches I had I replaced after a few years because the alarms became unreliable -LRB- did n't always go off -RRB- . However , I did n't really expect immortality from a $ 40 - $ 60 watch.I purchased this model because I was looking for a metal watchband . My problem with the leather bands is that after a while they begin to stink and it is sometimes difficult to find a replacement band that fits exactly . This watch is a little busier than I need -LRB- I really do n't need the stop watch features -RRB- ; if Timex offered a slimmer , simpler model with Easy-set alarm and metal band , I 'd be all over that !
 I bought my brother the version of this watch with the brown strap and was so impressed that I bought this one . I already had a watch with a leather strap so I decided to go with the bracelet . This watch looks great in person . It is very shiny and the face really stands out . I read reviews posted on the other version of this watch about `` hard to understand '' instructions . Well , take that with a grain of salt . If you 've got an average IQ and know how to read you 'll understand how to use the watch.The stopwatch function works great . The watch ticks seconds in the small dial at 6 o'clock , the large `` second '' hand is used for the stopwatch feature . The reason for this is that you can use this hand with the tachymeter on the bezel . You can estimate speed with this - google `` tachymeter '' for instructions on how to use it . Minutes are tracked in the upper left dial and fractions of seconds in the upper right . My only complaint here is you can only measure up to 30 minutes . After resetting the chrono the seconds , minutes , and fractions of seconds dials all spin around to zero which looks very cool.The indiglo feature works very well , you can easily read the clock at night . If you hold in the light button , the watch will beep and go into night mode . In this mode the light will come on when you press any of the buttons on the watch.This watch has a good weight to it and feels well made.The only reason I gave this watch 4 stars instead of 5 is that when I bend my hand back it is too easy to press the light button in , which is really only a minor issue . Also , the second hand does n't seem to point directly at the graduations on the face but again only a minor issue.To give you a little perspective , this watch is replacing a $ 1000 Tag Heuer automatic and I could n't be happier.UPDATE
 I recently purchased this watch and have been using it for over a week now . My first thoughts were that it looked better in person than the images show . It really stands out . It is very comfortable on my wrist , the band does not grab the hair on my wrists and tug like an older watch that I have . The buttons are easy to use and the indiglo works very well.Other thoughts are that it has a nice heft to it , it feels expensive . The diameter is 1.5 '' -LRB- 38mm -RRB- so it is not quite as large as advertised or as I would like it . It also stands kinda tall at ~ 1/2 '' -LRB- 13mm -RRB- . Neither point is a huge disappointment , more just personal preference.The alarm works ok , not as loud as it should be to wake me up reliably , and is only a 12 hour alarm -LRB- ca n't tell the difference between am and pm -RRB- so if you use it daily , you need to always turn it on less than 12 hours before you need it to sound off.Overall , the watch is attractive , looks great , works well and was reasonably priced .
 I have spend a lot of time for searching wathes for myself . After all I found that only this model satisfied me in this price range . I would say that price for this model incredible cheap . I recommend for everyone it is a good and stile watches .
 This watch caught my eye the first time I saw it . I love this watch . Alarm feature is great , chronograph is great , looks great . For this price ?? I say GET IT !!! Matter of fact , I liked this watch so much I also ordered the black one .
 This watch is one of the best I 've ever had . I love it and recommend it to any customer . is of very high quality and has good image !
 Yo compr&eacute; este reloj hace algunas semanas , es muy llamativo y exclusivo en mi pa&iacute;s , nadie m&aacute;s lo tiene.Estoy contento con el producto , supera mis expectativas ; pues ya ten&iacute;a otro Timex Expedition versi&oacute;n deportiva y ahora solo quiero usar el reloj nuevo.El servicio de Amazon.com , fue excelente . Mi pedido tard&oacute; s&oacute;lo nueve d&iacute;as en llegar a Bogot&aacute; Colombia.Gracias
 To be honest , it has more than i was expecting for ... it has some additional functions that have been said on product description .
 I bought this watch because it was inexpensive and had an alarm . It continues to be my favorite watch.I wondered if the band would hold up to wear and tear . It has held up well showing little wear or dirt.I bought it in blue and it matches many colors surprisingly well . It keeps perfect time , the alarm is reliable and I get compliments on how it looks . It is not like the usual alarm sport watch that is bulky and ugly.I have even forgotten to change it and even had it on with dress clothes . Any other sport watch I would have taken off and hidden away but I wore this one anyway.This watch is a great bargain .
 Pros : - Greats sports watch - Great features
 When I bought this watch from Amazon almost a year ago there were several very positive reviews . Mine keeps great time and was perfect for a European trip that included a lot of train travel . I set it for the 24-hour time . The main complaint was the band getting dirty . It comes off the watch and is easily washed . Mine was pretty dirty and I super sprayed it with Spray and Wash and let it sit a long time . Then I put it in a plastic storage container with a little dish soap and swished it around strongly . I had to rub a couple especially dirty spots before rinsing it under the faucet and setting it out to dry . My watch looks brand new !
 I 've had this watch sense the middle of 1st grade and am now half way through my 6th grade year . It just ran out of battery . It is a little dirty but is held up great!I love this watch . I would n't have to take it off to go swimming with my friends during the summer , and when i went on vacation with my family . I di n't have to worry about it.It was also comfortable . I would only take it off when i had to . I 've had this watch 5 years and all I need to do is replace the battery . The light was great and would fade in and out so it would n't be bright all of the sudden.Plus in 1st grade it did n't take me long to figure out and you would get used to it.This amazing watch shows time , the date , seconds , and day of the week . Plus when i got this i thought `` When the band runs down , I can replace it ! '' It was a great though . One thing though
 This was a purchase for my 10 yr old daughter . She loved it . It was easy to program and set up to her liking . Very durable and a great design for any one .
 I am 10 years old and I bought this with my own money . I love it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! the alarm factor is very handy , and the timer is awesome !! love it !!!!!!!!!
 I needed a watch that I could wear when coaching , running or playing outside with my kids . This watch has proved to be a good , durable one . It 's held up through all of that and more . Plus the price was great !
 I love this watch . It 's light weight . Does n't bother you on your wrist when you are wearing it . I 've had compliments on it . It 's a Timex . What more could you ask for ? It has lots of functions . I mainly wanted it because it has the light on it . Comes in handy at night when you 're trying to see what time it is . I would recommend it to my friends . The price is more than reasonable .
 I am a swimmer , and I just ca n't stand not knowing what time it is . Sure I can just look a clock on the wall , but it takes too much time for me to locate the clock , find it 's tiny arms , and try to see the numbers , and viola its 6:04 ! See , I like time quick and thats why I like this watch .
 Originally bought his for myself -LRB- adult -RRB- it really was not for me . I was able to give it as a gift to my 11 year old niece . The strap does not have any give and was a bit uncomfortable for me . My niece LOVES it though . I ended up getting another 1440 with different straps .
 I love this watch ! It is really easy to set and comfortable to wear . I have to take medicine 4 times a day and the timer on this watch works great as a reminder . Also the watch band is unusually long so it works for women of every size .
 This is a great fully functional casual watch . The only thing I was n't crazy about is the band which is fabric . Not that it 's not cute but rather it will probably get dirty looking although it has n't so far . This watch is durable & has been in the kiddy pool a few time and works like a champ . It is a perfect watch for a younger girl . It is on the petite side . I actually gave the watch to Grandma -LRB- 75 -RRB- who lost hers and she has been wearing everyday to work in a construction environment . Does everything you need a watch to do !!
 Some may find the band a little childish . It 's nylon fabric , so it 's more comfortable than the plastic bands . I bought this specifically for a cruise . Alarm , chime , stopwatch , timer , and dual time zone features are nice . Lights up well in the dark ; easy to read . I had no problem setting it up . Instructions are pretty standard . You can set the alarm for whichever time zone . It 's a little bigger than I like , but the measurements were listed on the product page , so that 's my fault . I think I 'll get a lot of wear out of it on the river this summer !
 I recently bought this watch to replace an old clunky one that was losing features due to age . This watch is lightweight , breathable , and has all the features a nurse needs
 My Daughter got this for Christmas . It is easy to use and nice quality for a watch under $ 20 . The band and very cute . It is perfect for young girls .
 This was a gift and is well liked . The only complaint was that the strap holder will not stay over the strap and allows the strap to hang free all the time .
 The watch is great but it is not the one that I ordered . The band and watch is solid white . I ordered the flower print watch . When working with little children I like to keep colorful not wear solid colors .
 I got this for my neice who is in the 6th grade and started running cross country . She loved the watch ! It works great and is simple to use .
 I purchased a few of these for the women in our family , for Christmas and they all loved having it .
 I was attracted by the watch but was not sure how it looked actually . Product came on time and was exactly as shown in the picture . Gifted it to a family friend who absolutely loves it .
 We got this watch to replace a different version which was going to cost more to repair and ship than buy a new one . There 's a larger societal implication there , but let 's focus on the watch . It is great . It is able to take the abuse she puts it through and she loves learning about all the functionality . Definitely a winner .
 Pretty watch , band is easily slid out to remove for washing but sturdy enough it wo n't come out on it 's own . This is definitely a watch that can fit adults and maybe kids 9 and up . Thinner canvas type band which I highly prefer to the rubber . Only thing worth mentioning negative is under the watch face but on top of the band there is a plastic `` sticker '' to keep it shiny during manufacturing and that is made to be removed by the customer . Not obvious and was worried I could have forgot it on / baby chocked on it removed it . Very remove possibility : P
 Its a decent watch and it works perfectly fine but I do n't know if its only her but supposedly it feels really itchy on her wrist .
 lo recibido en venezuela es lo que compre , proveedor confiable lo recomiendo , excelente producto enviado en el tiempo estipulado por el proveedor .
 I wanted this watch for biking , hiking , and kayaking . I really like it a lot but found it difficult to set as others had mentioned . My engineer husband did it for me . Otherwise - it is fun ! Light blue is nice ! Came on time .
 I go swimming every day and this watch is perfect because I can wear it all day long . I am concerned about the colorful band wearing out . I 'll go to the Timex website and see if I can get replacements .
 This is a very nice watch . It has held up well through a lot of rough play .
 This watch is simple to program and runs well . Just be aware that there are four leaf clovers printed all over the wristband that you ca n't really see in the picture . Not really a great watch to wear when you 're dressing anything above sporty or casual .
 This is a great little watch for the money . I wanted something lightweight and fun to wear to my Zumba class and this is perfect . And the Indiglo feature is a must for me .
 I bought this watch for my daughter for Christmas so I ca n't give a full review just yet . I have taken the watch out to play with it and from what I can tell , it seems like a nice quality watch . I 'll update more once I see how well it holds up to a 10 yr old .
 I was unsure if I should buy when I bought it but now I know It is worth the price . I am satisfied with this product . It looks cute too
 I had this watch for a little over a year . I wear it for everything . It gets banged , bumped , and everything else nasty done to it . It still works great with only a few scratches on the face . However , the rubber that holds onto the band broke , so now I can not wear it . So , if you are more careful with watches than I am , this is a great watch , but be careful with the rubber as it is only a thin piece on each side to hold onto the band .
 i bought this for my daughter to take to the waterpark this summer , so she knows when to check-in . She has enjoyed it also .
 Great watch , love the color the functions . Love the alarm and the fact that I can set a second time on it
 I was a little disappointed when I found out AFTER ordering that this was a woman 's watch . It came up in a search for children 's watches . Still , it does fit my 11 year old well and she uses it everyday . It is nice and sturdy and so far I have n't found anything wrong with it .
 Purchased this watch as a gift for my 10 year old daughter . Fits fine with plenty of room to grow in . It definately does n't look too big . I love that the strap can be easily washed . She loves , loves , loves keeping track of the time and will remind us when we are off schedule . Considering getting one for myself for my birthday . Perfect for kids or ladies ... and the price is better than the cheapos at the `` big name '' stores .
 I bought it for my summer swimming tour . It was very useful . And the color is bright . The only concern is that the wristband got loose after a few days ' wear . I am concerned that I might simply lose it when I swim next time .
 Pros - Girly , cute , trendy , easy to set , many functions , price , lightweight.Cons - Gets dirty easily , band holder slides and the watch band flips out.Overall , I 'm please with the watch .
 I saw this watch online and thought it was very cute for a sports watch . When I received it for Christmas , I was very happy with it ! The only complaint I have thus far is this
 My 12 year old granddaughter was thrilled to rreceive this for one of her Chanukah gifts.She just loves it . It fits well and is easy to see the time . Ca n't ask more from a watch !
 Very comfortable , easy to read and easy to use . I did not take it underwater , so I do n't know if there is any issues being truly waterproof .
 Wearable , readable , reliable under water . Bought one for kayaking/sailing/swimming . Nice size for female with watch face easy to read quickly . Color and features caught eye of friends and family so bought another for family member . Both watches have been tested extensively swimming and are attractive and comfortable to wear .
 With the cost of Ironman watches rising , I 've been looking for a good alternative . The Timex 1440 series seems to be the answer . It has all the basics I want in a sports watch -- date , time , timer , chronograph , and alarm . It does not have a lap function but I do n't need one anyway . The watchband is not rubber but a woven resin , which helps keep my wrist drier & the watch from slipping . I had to trim the watchband b/c it was too long for my small wrist but it ought to fit women with larger wrists . It 's water resistant .
 I bought this watch for my 8 year old daughter . Even as a women 's watch , it still fits her perfectly . She loves to wear it and more importantly , she loves the color and pattern of the band . The watch displays the time , date and seconds . It also has a nice back light that can come on with the push of a button . There is also a fun timer that she can easily access with the push of two buttons . The only mild complaint I would have would be that the watch head is slightly thicker than preferred . But overall a good quality watch for the price .
 No complaints . I wanted a cheap watch that would last for at least two years and that 's what I got . It has an alarm , a timer -LRB- one that starts at zero and one that counts down -RRB- , two clocks that can be set for different time zones , the day and date , and a military time mode.Occasionally the ` mode ' button will get hit when I put my hand into a narrow space , but this is to be expected and the problem is easily fixed by hitting ` mode ' four more times .
 I 've had this watch for about 3 years now , and it made it through some tough times . I even wore it on a trip to South Africa where monkeys spent weeks on end pulling and chewing on it as I worked there . My only complaint is that the buttons can be hard to press sometimes . Otherwise this is a great watch for the price . It 's nothing fancy , but is comfortable enough , and has plenty of features for every day use .
 I 'm very happy with my new watch . I think it was a great deal for that little price . It has alarm , timer , 2 time zones hour and it looks great . It is perfect if you are looking for a durable wristband .
 I needed a watch for when my family and I went out kayaking or nature hiking , so after looking a little I purchased this one . The color is adorable and the watch itself works great .
 It all works , it did n't cost much and so is a perfect watch to wear in rough circumstances . I 'll tell you in a month whether it holds up to a snorkeling trip .
 I love the watch and it suits me fine . The alarm is difficult to use . I do n't need the alarm every day but there is n't a way to leave it off . This is what keeps me from giving a 5 star rating .
 This is very nice , cute watch for girls . Typical Timex quality for a great price . My daughter loved it .
 I needed a good outdoors watch for work and this was great . I love it
 This watch is easy to use , sports fashion . Time zone function really helps if you travel between different places . The price is reasonable I should say.However , the belt gets dirty easily . Besides that , I really like this one .
 bought this watch as a gift i was not disapointed another great vaule from amazon
 Got this watch for our daughter for her birthday almost 2 years ago and she will be 8 this Nov. . She loves this watch and wears it 24/7 and never takes it off . She is also on the winter and summer swim teams and she swims with it on pretty much all year long . The time is still accurate since the first day we bought it . The band is still intact even with being in the chlorine constantly . Ca n't say the same for other Timex Ironman watches that I 've owned where the band breaks after about a year . My daughter does n't really use any other features except the alarm and the indiglo light to tell time in the middle of the night . You ca n't beat the price for this Timex water-resistant watch . So , this is a perfect watch for a kid . The only down side is the loop on the band is a bit big/loose , so the band keeps coming out of the loop during wear .
 I am pleased with this watch . It is inexpensive , yet has a lot of features . The only negative is that the band is a cloth material and not as easy to keep clean as it would with a leather band .
 It is fine for a casual watch . I have trouble with my band coming undone . I have very small wrists and it is loose on me and tends to come unfastened .
 This is a great watch for casual wear , while working in the yard , or while participating in sports .
 product received in good time and we liked it because it was requested by me to give away and use
 It was nice sporty gift for my son 's girl friend . It fit nicely . very casual . Worth the money . A good value .
 This was a birthday present for my 8 yr old daughter . She , and her friends , think it is very cool . She has not taken it off for 3 weks .
 I give this item four stars . The only reason it does n't get 5 is because the strap gets dirty easily and is cloth , so a bit difficult to clean . Other than that , I am pleased w / my purchase !
 Es un Excelente reloj lo recomiento a las personas que les gusta este tipo de relojes , muy buen material y lo bueno de todo que es resistente al agua .
 This watch is cute and easy to use . Have dropped and banged it and still works great . Swim , ride and run with it . Wish i could find different bands to have variety .
 I bought the watch for my wife who wanted a digital sports watch for her birthday . I think she was fascinated by its cool blue flowery strap and its petite look than its other features . I was delighted to note that even though the watch was shipped from Amazon US , it arrived very quickly and in perfect condition . The watch also has some really cool and useful features like Alternate Time -LRB- T2 -RRB- for keeping track of another time zone , Alarm Clock with hourly chime and of-course Indiglo for telling time in dark areas . This is a good watch for women with thin wrists since the dial is not too big either.Overall the product 's great , delivery was great and the whole shopping/gifting experience was wonderful .
 My daughter could not wear watches due to an allergy to the metal on the back of the watch . She would always get a round rash on her wrist after wearing a watch . We tried a few remedies - fingernail polish did n't help and adhesive felt fell off . This watch works well for her because the watchband prevents the back of the watch from contacting her skin . She 's worn it for the past week during the day and has not had a rash at all . I 've always been happy with Timex watches and this one , so far , lives up to the reputation .
 My daughter wanted a digital watch , but so many of the watches for children either had goofy characters on them or were too `` girlie '' for her liking . But this watch was perfect for her . She 's tiny , but it still fits her when tightened all the way . She loves the color , and the design is more juvenile than I would enjoy wearing , but it 's PERFECT for her . I would recommend it for girls who want something sporty , digital , and not too silly . This watch was a surprise in her Easter basket , and she 's over the moon about it ! Good quality , though the face seems to scratch easily . The watch band is good quality , and I 'm pleased that I 'll be able to clean it because it can be removed from the watch and washed . It 's a great little watch ... not too large , but she 'll be able to wear it for years .
 Overall , this watch is pretty neat . There 's one thing that you might want to consider if you 're interested in buying this watch - it is very battery-consuming . Three weeks after I got mine , the battery died out . I think this is because it has a night-light , so if you want to conserve your battery life , I suggest that you do n't use the light . Other than that , this is a pretty good product for its price - only around $ 13 .
 I got this watch for my 12yo daughter . Blue is her favorite color . The band is a bit long , but she refused multiple offers to trim it . I caught her moving her arm to check it today and there does n't seem to be any affinity toward losing it ; i.e. I do n't see it off her arm at all.We discussed the size of the watch and there were no complaints.So far , it 's been a very intuitive and gratifying experience and that makes Dad very happy !
 This is my second Luminox . The first one is still running and keeps accurate time . . just a little beat up after fourteen years . . and I decided to upgrade to a more expensive watch with a steel band.I have found Luminox to be dependable , accurate and tough as nails . A great value for the money with the look of a much more expensive watch . All Luminox are easy to read , even in pitch dark .
 Loved the look of this watch . Pretty , yet it still does all that I need it to do when I 'm out running . Great price !
 This watch replaced my beloved Timex iRush . I love this watch for laboratory because of the preset timer function , which contains countdowns for 1,3,5,10,15,20,25,30,45 , and 60 min increments . Fabulous . Plus it looks cool and the indiglo is not blue and harsh but soft and gray . One note , though , the buttons are on the opposite side than the iRush , takes some getting used to !
 This is a good looking watch that so far has performed well . I only ran into one problem that has somehow worked itself out and that was for some reason whatever the day or time was , the watch would reset to Saturday at like 1:00 am . That was kind of weird but it only did that twice . If it happens again I 'll probably return it . Overall , a nice-looking watch and the indiglo being yellow is very cool .
 I bought this watch to tell me the time and beep when I need it to every once in a while -LRB- alarm and timer . -RRB- I work for the police department and wanted a 24-hour watch.This watch does it all , is easy to program , is just the right size , and was inexpensive . Perfect !
 Casio gets $ 240 for this watch at their website . Via netresearch , I got the best price here at Amazon for $ 144 . I have owned this watch for about 6 weeks and I am verysatisfied with the appearance and the performance.There are only a few watches from any manufacturer that haveboth solar -LSB- never need another battery -RSB- and atomic time -LSB- always correct time/day/date -RSB- in one watch . The other majorissue for me was finding one that had several alarms ; the snooze alarm works nicely ; when I am deep in daily tasks , the other alarms help me keep appointments.There is count down , count up , day and date -LSB- push button -RSB- and a bright night light -LSB- push button -RSB- . This watch has an auto `` sleep mode '' power saving feature.There are dozens of cities around the world with theircurrent times just a push button away.CONS
 This watch looks pretty impressive when you wear it . There is not one person that saw me wearing it and was not impressed by it . It stands out !
 This is my 2nd Starck watch because I could n't find another copy of my current one -LRB- the original HardStarck watch -RRB- . This one looked just as cool ... but did n't come with a manual and seems extremely difficult to program . I really like the look and interface but the `` configuation '' is not easy .
 I had a Fossil before this , and I got a good deal on that one too . This one was a better deal , and it 's a smooth looking watch , especially for the price .
 I received this watch as a gift and believe me when I say that the picture above does not do it justice . I have received many compliments on it , it has nice weight and the display is gorgeous if some thing was to go wrong with this I would want to get another one.If your thinking of making this as a gift for some one or for your self that would be an excellent decision , as far as I am concerned you cant go wrong with this time piece .
 This watch is heavy and good band nice looking face on the watch . I am very hard on watches from the work I do and the fossel watches are tough look good and keep good time . Will buy anouther one when I kill this one .
 The watch is totally worth its money . Nice comfortable design and looks very modern , but still easy to read . I recommend it for sure !
 Bought this watch as a gift , & still LOVE to see it on my man !
 This is a bery good option for the price . Is early to review in depht , but by the moment work 's fine
 Watch arrived promptly , well packaged , and safe . It 's pretty and the lady 's standard size does fit . However , the watch chain is superfluous . It does not help secure anything , comes undone frequently , and dangles . I removed it . That unfortunately leaves the two small loops by the fastener which sercured the chain , oh well .
 I love this watch , has all the features that I wanted , the days also come in spanish which is nice . So far so good ! Although it 's a little on the heavy side the quality is outstanding . I would recommend this to anyone .
 The watch arrived and was exactly what I expected . However , there was no manual and I can not figure out how to set the day-of-week and day-of-month dials . The crown only seems to pull out to the setting for controlling the main minute/hour hands . Probably something simple - any ideas ?
 I received the watch in no time and im loving it . The watch is for lack of better word perfect for any occasion , its not too large with multiple knobs , dials etc. pulling off the look of a professional clown/attension whore , while not being too small looking feminine or cheap . Its the perfect size and as another reviewer stated the strap compliments the size of the face giving it look of pure urban elegance . -LRB- in other words people will know the difference between this watch and a cheap sports watch -RRB- I bought this black on black version as it goes seamlessly with virtualy anything in a wardrobe . The black also gives it an insidious apeal ; silent but dangerous , simple but expensive -LRB- even though its relatively in the cheap teir of luxury watches -RRB- . Its definately a head turner in the day time especially when the sun is shining on the face ; which i must acknowledge for its robust build . I hit the face on the wall twice by accident and its still in perfect condition.Kenneth Cole is favorite brand for watches from this day forward !!
 The best thing about this watch is it is very thin for this style watch . If you compare it to other brands of multi-dial sport watches you will find they are all very thick and bulky . This is an excellent watch to wear everyday for the office and it fashionable enough to go with formal ware . The Polyurethane Strap is wide with a decent size buckle that does not look like a typical sport watch band . The watch body and buckle have a high quality chrome finish to accent the black face with white/red hands and chrome numbering . The small dials are a bit too small to read unless you have super vision . That is typical of this type of watch having multiple dials . The Kenneth Cole Reaction only includes 2 dials for day of the week -LRB- Mon - Sun -RRB- and Day of the month so it is a very clean look and it is pretty easy to set the date and time . It has a unique design that is not the first brand most people think of in watches , so you are not likely to see someone else in your office wearing this same watch . And as the previous reviewer pointed out ; This is an expensive looking but very inexpensive priced watch .
 I bought this watch about a year and a half ago . It is one of my most reliable and most worn watches . This watch is sleek and stylish . You sometimes forget you have it on . I got a lot of compliments about this watch . You can wear it to the gym and also to the office . Like with most plastic band watches , it is good to always clean them after use to prevent them from becoming smelly . GREAT watch overall , HIGHLY recommend .
 I spent a lot of time selecting this watch.I only take a watch off when I sleep or shower.I 'm loving it . It 's everything I expected.Two minor niggles : The two owl 's eye dials are too small for me to readThe crystal is high maintenance . Shows and reflects any oil/sweat/grime just from normal , for me , office wear . I polish it a couple of times a day , just like a glasses lens . Hope it can take the constant cleaning .
 I just got the watch right now ! Fast shipment thanks amazon . The watch looks great . It has a sophisticated appearance that looks like its really expensive but its not -LRB- as mentioned in previous reviews -RRB- . The only thing I would want it to have is glow in the dark dials so that at night we can still tell time . Its a simple thing that would make this watch a 5 star . Other than that , the watch is great .
 I bough this watch as a gift , It looks expensive without being expensive.Up until today my brother in law thinks I payed 500 dollars for this watch ... NOT !
 Take a Timex Expedition , add a compass function , and you have this watch.The one thing I dislike most is the fact that , like the Expedition , the front `` Indiglo '' button is convex and very easy to press , which means the backlight always turns on if you sleep on your arm . The camouflage is nice , but looking at the face of the watch `` Indiglo '' stands out in white with a white line right above it . The other buttons are also very easy to depress , causing accidental button presses.To solve this problem , I took my watch apart , took the buttons out , and added compressible foam into the button cavities . The `` Indiglo '' button I took to the grinding wheel and ground off that monstrous hump , so the button is now just flat black . Put the watch back together , replaced the watchband with something tougher , and now the watch is something I 'll actually hang onto.When you press the Compass button , it samples about once per second , for a total of 10 samples . This is disappointing for those of us who like watching things in realtime , but I do n't even know how a digital compass works so I wo n't complain.There 's a plastic bevel wheel on the front with cardinal directions . I see no purpose for it , but I have chipped a small piece off of it . This is a digital watch with a digital compass ; you 're not going to find direction with the bevel.Besides the impracticalities in physical design , this watch is quite practical and its functions are reasonable . It has a chrono , a timer , and an alarm . When editing the alarm , to set the minutes , you edit the `` tens '' and `` ones '' individually -- which means that you do n't have to cycle through 60 button presses to go through 60 minutes . This feature is very convenient . -LRB- for one reason or another , they did n't implement it for setting the time -RRB- The sound is pretty loud . But you can turn the alarm off , turn the hourly chime off , and even turn off the button-press chimes.And an especially nice feature , the watch is 100m water resistant.Overall , I think this watch is a good deal for its -LRB- reduced -RRB- price . Four out of Five .
 I bought this watch for my husband for his birthday . He absolutley loved it . It is a great watch for the price and the picture does not due it justice since the robert actually moves and does `` the robot '' It is a very unique watch and definetly grabs peoples attention . My husband gets so many compliments , which makes me feel great since it was the gift I bought him . : -RRB-
 This watch is perfect for a male 's gift . It is so fun to see how the robot is moving . The dimensions of the watch are ok for a man around 20 - 30 years old
 Purchased this for sons b-day . Product was shipped right away and of excellent quality . Would definitely purchase from seller again .
 Honestly , some people might not think a watch with a pink band would be all that versatile , but the leather is top-notch and the watch is so good-looking , you can get away with wearing it all the time . Citizen Eco-drive is fantastic technology ! Provided you do n't store the watch away in a dark place for over 6 months , you are just about assured you 'll never need to replace the battery.My brother was a smart fella for getting this watch for me as a Christmas gift . I could n't be happier ith it .
 A watch of exquisite taste , which calls attention to the design and beauty . Presents a cost-benefit that attracts those who have good taste and is not willing to pay much . I am very pleased and I recommend to my friends!In portuguese
 I love this watch . However , I did have to replace the battery shortly after receiving the watch ! This watch is much prettier than pictured .
 Sorry to let you all in on this but OverStock.com has this same Watch for $ 540.00 on sale ... . You can also type in b4 you go to overstock , Type in search for OverStockcoupons.com and you can find like a 50.00 off coupon just click coupon witch will take you to overstocks page and you find the watch under Versacfe mens watch find this watch click BUY when it goes into cart the coupon comes right off the price you 'll end up paying $ 490.00 for this Same Exact Watch ... I Did and I love it also sometimes Get free Shipping ... . Now I call my self a savy Shopper !!!!
 I am not one that usually purchases designer name brand items but I saw this watch several years ago on a shopping channel and the price was rather expensive.I was looking online and found the exact time piece on Overstock.com for $ 399.00 . I also got a % 50.00 discount and free shipping . I anticipated the arrival of the watch and wasexpecting to find a subpar wristwatch that was not as nice as described . To my amazement , the watch was amazingly well made and designed . Mine had the croc strap that would be difficultto replace . I was able to adjust the strap to a size that would fit my large wrist . A friend of mine saw the watch and immediately wanted one also . I told him about the deal and he ordered the watch immediately . He did not like the leather strap so he ordered a s/s band from SWI . The strap cost more than he paid for the watch . It was a mesh design and although it looked ok on him , it was n't something I would wear.I got many comments on the watch when I wore it and it kept perfect time for an automatic.As noted , the watch was well made and I found out that the watch was manufactured by EBEL . I believe Timex owns the name now but , it certainly is n't a Timex.I no longer have the watch as it was stolen from me along with my other watches.It was one of my favorite however and I miss it .
 I have had the watch for over 2 years , I wear it everyday and have had no build qualty issues . It keeps great time and is really good looking .
 I bought this watch new back in June '06 from an authorized TAG retailer/national department store . I ended up buying it on sale that weekend -- retail price for this watch at the time was $ 2,495 , and , after all the discounts , I walked out the store with this watch for $ 1,497 , tax included . To me , that was an absolute steal . Over two years have passed , and I 've worn this watch nearly every day in nearly every social situation imaginable - work during the week , clubs and parties on weekends , swimming , fishing , running , business conferences ... even wore it for my own wedding this year . No matter the situation , this TAG looks great every time . It 's not too dressy , not too casual , not too sporty , not too flashy . In fact , I continue getting compliments on its looks . Its silver face and dark gray bezel compliment each other very well , and stand out in a see of dark blue and black watch faces . Aside from normal wear-and-tear scratches on the bracelet , this watch still looks the same as it did on day one . I 've had zero mechanical or physical issues with this watch . I think what I like the most is that , while everyone and their brother seems to own or want to own a Rolex -LRB- Submariner , Air King , Explorer , Oyster Perpetual -- fake or not -RRB- , this TAG subtly but effectively stands out as different . And , as far as i know , there are no fakes of this watch out there , so other watch connoisseurs will not have any doubt in their mind you 're wearing an `` authentic '' watch . Overall , I would gladly purchase this watch again , especially if i can find another sale like that !
 my fiancee loves this watch b/c it 's a nice shade of green and it does n't look like everyone else 's watch
 I have owned 3 Tags over the years . This watch with the 42mm case is the perfect sized watch . For the money you can not buy a nicer watch with these features , IF Diamonds , date , mother of pearl dial and the amazon warranty!Travis Barger
 Surprised to see this watch around . I bought this watch 7 years ago in Japan.Value
 I bought this watch based on looks only and did not realize that it was an automatic -LRB- mechanical -RRB- movement . At the time , I had only worn quartz watches and was unfamiliar with mechanical movements . Now , 3 years later I can say it was a pleasant surprise . This watch uses Seiko 's 7S36 movement , which has 23 jewels and is mechanically identical to the 21-jewel 7S26 found in many other Seiko watches . The extra two jewels do not have any function.While not as accurate as my old quartz watches , the SNZ315 has been extremely rugged and reliable . I have taken this watch skydiving , mountain climbing , skiing and diving in salt water and it has been rock solid . The stainless steel case has resisted the wear very well and the Hardlex crystal only shows a few scratches after all of my abuse . Finally , the hands and dial , which are coated in Seiko 's Lumibrite , glow very brightly . The Lumibrite is almost as good as real tritium and still is as bright today as it was when new.The watch looks nice whether wearing a suit in the office or shorts on the weekend . The bracelet is made from folded -LRB- not solid -RRB- H-links , but does not feel too flimsy . The only thing it is missing is a rotating bezel , which I find very useful . I have never had the watch regulated and it has gained a steady 17 seconds per day since I took it out of the box . I understand this accuracy is about normal for the Seiko 7S26/36 movements.I am so impressed with this watch , and in particular the 7S36 movement , that I just purchased a new Seiko SKX007J diver watch , which uses the 7S26 movement , to give me the rotating bezel that I want and without losing all of the wonderful qualities of this SNZ315 . If you 're looking for a nice sport diver watch that suits all occasions and is tough , I recommend the SNZ315 . It has served me well .
 I have had the watch for a couple of days , no regrets thus far . I got it partially for looks , and partially because I like the mechanical concept of an automatic , and the view of the inside through the back . The outer ring indeed does not move -LRB- but then again I am not a diver ... -RRB- .
 Shipping wasnt fast enough . Course my job is fast is money . Great watch , looks great with my class ring .
 Ordered this as a gift for my sister , a big Betsey Johnson fan . Before she even opened the box she fell in love with the packaging , a mini jewelry box with leopard print satin lining . The watch was also a hit . She loves it and says she wears it all the time .
 Bought this item for a friend after being so impressed with it in gold . Silver pendant is made to exacty the same high specification as the gold . Both the pendant and the chain are really ` sturdy ' and well made . Detail on the watch is great . Not sure how to change the battery yet though . Came in a really quirky box as well . Fantastic product and great conversational piece .
 This is a beautiful watch , the picture does not do it justice . I am a paramedic/firefighter and I need a watch that will stand up to the beating I give it , and is easy to see for taking vitals , and this watch fits that bill . The other issues I have with finding a watch is finding one that is tough enough for work , but stylish and classy enough to wear out . And this watch is PERFECT ! I shopped high and low and compared many watches , and was actually prepared to be disapointed , and I was the exact opposite . This watch has so many cool features I was not expecting . I love watching the little dolphin swim at the bottom ! I was really getting discouraged that all the men 's watches were so much better and easier to find than the women 's . Finally I think I have the better one !
 This stylist baby G is really nice . Even my wife so likes it.But one thing that this product miss it ; that is the auto light . If it has , that would be good .
 This watch is fun . I really like the dolphin at 30 seconds . Cute . Wish it was atomic , I reset it to atomic time every couple of days . Love this watch .
 i absolutely love this watch . such a beautiful pink . the bandis very strong . there is nothing that i found wrong in thiswatch.thanks for the watch .
 I am a huge fan of the Casio Baby G watches and my daughter really liked my Casio Baby G G-MS MSG133L-1V . I purchased the Casio Baby-G G-MS MSG135L-4V Pink for her Birthday and it is a beautiful watch . She is going to love it . I foresee a great big hug and kiss for this one .
 Love my new watch ... it 's exactly what I wanted it to be . It 's girlie ... but has serious attitude ... and it 's tough , which is what I wanted for my crazy busy life , snow boarding in the Rockies . Baby G 's rock !
 This watch has a very nice professional face -LRB- for a baby g -RRB- and a woven watch band . I am really impressed with it so far .
 Have n't had any problems with it . Is very durable . Very happy with it .
 This watch has one color for the big hour hand and the corresponding hour numbers around the watch dial , and a different color for the big minute hand and the minute numbers around the watch dial . Our 6 year old grandaughter was able to give us the correct time immediately using this watch . What a wonderful teaching tool , and she was so proud of her ability to tell time . The velcro wrist band was also so easy for young fingers to use .
 This perfectly sized jewelry case has served my travel needs for several years and still looks as perfect as the day I bought it . Well constructed and attractively designed with usable compartments , it seemed expensive at the time but has been well worth the investment .
 What more should a time piece do be sides look good and tell the time & date ? You may need to knock a couple of links out of the band . not too difficult .
 This is a very nice looking watch . Bought it for our boss for Christmas . He loved it.I think it 's a little fancy for every day wear but , he does n't . All in all it made a nice presentationIt has a nice weight to it and is very comfortable . Did have to have it sized , needed a few linksRemoved . I would recommend this product .
 Good product for the price . Delivery a little slow when you choose ground delivery . Got exactly what was described on the site ...
 We have only had it for about 2 weeks , bought as a gift to my husband . It does make noise while it is spinning -LRB- not a lot at all -RRB- but it is OK because we do n't keep it in the bedroom anyway . Watches have been charged everytime we take them out . Compared prices and this was by far a better price than others I looked at . So I still believe it was a great buy ! Great seller !
 I got this for my husband for Christmas and it works great . It was also very , very reasonably priced compared to others I had seen .
 I got a self winding watch for christmas so I had to get a automatic watch winder for it . Of course I checked out what amazon had and after reading some reviews on other types and models chose this one . I love this winder , it is a great price . It has always been quiet , has room for two watches , has four settings for the time intervals , and it can turn clockwise or counter clockwise . This is a great product and I highly recommend it , to anyone .
 Purchased this unit after a winder at 4 times the price went TU -LRB- T * Ts Up -RRB- . It died a noisy death after several months of reasonable performance.The Tech Swiss has done everything that was advertised.There are various options for length/duration of rotation . I do n't know which is best . I found a halfway medium setting and went with it . Bottom line is that the job gets done.It is quite quiet . I keep it very close to the bed and have no problem even though I am a light sleeper.No frills . None needed . No fancy polished expensive cabinet from craftsmen from the old country , just a functional piece of equipment.I only gave it 4 stars because of the slightly awkward way one inserts the watch holder into the unit . It eventually slips into place , but not without a little bit of futzing with it . Not a real big deal , but I got used to the ultra expensive one that was a piece of cake when it came to loading the unit . But then , the Tech Swiss winds the watch in a reliable maner . Ca n't say the same for the other POS.All in all , if you are looking quiet reliability in a very modest looking package at low cost , this might just fit the bill .
 The watch winder is a plastic double watch design . Very sleek . It runs off a DC converter and the last one I had from this company went dead in three months . Hopefully this one will give me a little longer service . Fast shipment . All in all , I am quite pleased .
 Above all it is quiet . That was the one thing I was concerned about , and fear not , this watch winder is silent . I can be sitting right next to it and not realize it is rotating . There are 4 different settings for frequency of rotations.For the money this is an excellent product .
 This is a double watch winder for automatic -LRB- self-winding -RRB- watches . It is absolutely silent when operating , comes with several different operating modes built-in and does exactly what it says it will do . It was also about $ 300 less than others that I looked at . I had to give up a fancy exotic wood case -LRB- and some noise ! -RRB- but I got an efficient , sturdy unit that does the job just as well if not better .
 Product works great . Comes on automatically and is very silent . Easy to insert and remove watches . A great buy , given the price .
 I have two automatic watches , and would sometimes forego even wearing one at all because I had let them both run down -LRB- which takes barely more than a day -RRB- , and setting the time , date , day , etc. was too much hassle . This winder is exactly what I needed . As other users have said , it 's very quiet , which is a big plus . It 's not 100 % silent , but it 's pretty close.Loading the watches was slightly awkward for me at first , but after awhile , it got much easier . Each of the two watch-holding modules for the watches has an adapter that pops on or off to accommodate the size of your watch . The modules are covered with black felt on the front and rear to protect the watches , and have a spring-loaded backpiece , so you can compress it , slide your watch over it , then release . Insertion and removal of the modules into the winder -- with or without the watches -- is very smooth and easy.On the rear panel of the winder , you can select clockwise or counterclockwise rotation , or auto mode , which presumably either alternates the direction or randomizes it . I 've not sat there and watched to figure it out . Additionally , there are four timer modes -LRB- wind time/rest time -RRB-
 This winder works very quietly and does a fine job , thanks to its various settings . Having the choice of different winding intervals appealed to me , as did being able to wind two watches at once . Compared to some brands , this one is very reasonably priced . I am pleased with my purchase and can recommend it .
 I have one of the earlier horizontal versions and although it seemed quiet in the daytime , late at night , it could sound quite loud . I was hesitant to order this unit due to that . But after looking at the specifications further , this model seems to have more features than the older model so I took a chance considering that this is about 1/4 of the price of others I have found . When I first received it and turned it on , I was amazed at how much quieter this models was compared to the earlier one . I am not sure about the durability of this design , but I have had the first one on 24/7 for almost a year now and it is still going strong . For the price , this is a good buy .
 This is a great buy for the price and it serves the purpose that I bought it for . It is very quiet and do n't feel if it is working . It works perfect for both the slots and keeps my watches running . I definetly recomend this product .
 I have a rolex and this watch winder works very well . The only thing is that both top and bottom spin at the same time . There is no way to have just one at a time spin . It is a very quiet .
 This is an excellent product which has 3 good factors to purchase :1 . Nice looking appearence 2 . Super quiet 3 . Affordable price
 I ordered this watch and I can strongly say that it is the best one for this price ! It glitters wonderfully . Everyone around me likes it :-RRB- -RRB-
 WOW -- the online picture did n't capture all the details of the wrist band and watch face ! It was definitely a BIG hit , including the convenient storage case .
 Looks and works great . Service was terrific . Got it in time for Christmas .
 Ordered this product for a friend after much trauling the internet -LRB- Bloomingdales etc -RRB- . Came in a kitsch , lavish , miniature set of drawers wrapped around a perfectly over the top leapord print cushion inside . Was n't sure if it would be a bit tacky but the pendant is really well made and heavy enough to do some damage should your evening turn ugly . Chain is also strong and well made . Detail on the pendant and the watch face is great . Have n't checked how to change the battery yet though . Definitely an unsual piece of bling that will get you noticed . Was so impressed that got it in silver as well . Not only can you use it to make yourself look good , but also make sure your fashionably late !
 I absolutely love this watch ! I work in a nursing home five days a week and I check pulses everyday . This watch has a second hand , it glows in the dark , it has the date , and it just has it all . Its a beautiful watch . Its pink and it has rhynstones . Its worth $ 100 but I got it for $ 75 not year but at Macys : -RRB-
 The picture does not do justice for this watch , very beautiful and the face of the watch is not to big !!
 I bought this watch for my daughter for a Christmas gift . It is a bigger size watch , but she loved it .
 I LOVE IT !!! Just what i wanted the color is Awesome ! U do have to adjust to its weight its a little on the heavy side but after wearing it for a couple of hrs . you will get used to it !! Got more compliments than expected and that speaks for itself . . I DO recomend it !! U wont regret it !!
 Still under test , but so far it is working good my wife loves her watch but we had to reduce the lengh of the watch wrist
 I really liked the watch ! It 's trendy and can be worn everyday . Love the contrast of the pink and the silver . Very stylish and the customer service was great . Would recommend this watch to others .
 As other reviews the picture is n't that great . . but the watch is absolutely gorgeous . . not that big and not that heavy compared with other stylish watches . . not suitable for teenagers but for a grown women !
 This watch is gorgeous - big and sparkly . The pictures do n't do it justice - the face is about an inch in diameter , so if you are looking for a `` dad '' watch with a girly twist , this is just the watch for you . It 's nice and heavy , but not too heavy , sparkly , but not too sparkly . A great everyday watch .
 SUPER FAST DELIVERY , LOVE THE WATCH . EXACTLY AS DESCRIBED . PRICE WAS AWESOME I HAVE BEEN WANTING THIS WATCH FOR SOMETIME NOW . WILL SHOP AGAIN WITH YOU AND THANK YOU VERY MUCH .
 This watch is quite beautiful . I bought it for my daughter as a gift . However , when it arrived , I was shocked to see how large the face was . The face itself takes up her entire wrist . It is the size of my husband 's watch face . I 'm sure the description states the size , but I never dreamed it would be this large . Otherwise , it 's gorgeous . My daughter 's happy with it , so that 's all that matters .
 I love this watch , I wear it all the time . I do n't have to worry about ruining it because it 's super waterproof . I admit it 's a bit big -LRB- but that seems to be the style at the moment -RRB- and it took about 2 days to get used to wearing it because I found it a little heavy at first . Now however , I never leave the house without it ! It looks great with everything , and it has the date , and hands and dots at each hour that glow in the dark :-RRB- My only only complaint about this watch is that it does have to be in contact with light to absorb some to glow , and the hands and dots stop glowing after about half an hour if not exposed to any more light . The pink face it not too overbearingly girly , it 's almost more of a light salmon color really . This watch can be found with a white face too , I believe . I would say , definitely buy it , because you or a friend would love it ! My own aunt offered to buy mine from me !
 I got this 4 months ago . So far , I like it quite a bit.Good
 `` This watch is really beautiful.My mom is happiest with its!Thanks a lot for your fast delivery.The watch came in perfect conditions . ''
 I purchased this watch recently , under Amazon 's `` Gold Box '' Deals . The watch had been reduced from $ 475 to $ 79.99 , an excellent deal . This grabbed my attention . I own several Invicta 's , all of which are of very high quality . I got a steal on this ... the watch could easily sell for it MSRP , $ 475 . I would have paid a lot more for this.As I said , I own several Invicta 's . All of them are Quartz , and this was my first venture into an Automatic . I felt most comfortable knowing that the watch used a Citizen Miyota 21 Jewel Movement . This is Japanese Movement , but it closely rivals it 's affordable Swiss counterparts , such as the Valjoux 7750 -LRB- Albeit a chronograph movement -RRB- . The movement has proven itself to be fairly accurate . It is important to remember that there are hundreds of factors that affect the accuracy of mechanical movements . The way you wear it , how much it is wound , all of those factors affect this grade of a movement . So for this particular movement , I am very pleased . It runs well . The power reserve on the watch is about 25 hours by my knowledge , but this could very well be inaccurate . I have not had the watch long enough to tell . The watch can be hand wound by unscrewing the crown and turning it clockwise.This watch incorporates a clear case back -LRB- looks like two half circles with their flat sides pressed together , leaving a little metal in between . You can clearly see the engravings on the spinner/weight . Invicta , and some other information , is engraved on the case back . It is a screw-down case back.The crystal on the watch is flat . It is a mineral crystal -LRB- not to b confused with sapphire -RRB- . This makes it relatively scratch resistant . It 's not nearly as good as Sapphire , but it does it job . It tends to break less than sapphire though . A plus to many.The face of the watch was the selling point of mine . It is very bright , visible , and clear . And , with my VERY limited style sense , I must say that it looks good ! I may be speaking for myself , but the yellow face ` pops ' , per say . It just looks sorta neat . The number bars glow , as well as the hands . They are very visible in the dark , after being exposed to light , of course.The face has a day-date window . This was perhaps the most interesting part of the watch for me . The day display can be configured to either display the English or French abbreviation of the day . For instance , MON could also be displayed as LUN -LRB- Lundi is French for Monday -RRB- When the date changes , you see the French abbreviation briefly before is changes to the next English day -LRB- when the watch is set to display English days -RRB- . This was cool for me . Some may not like this though . I thought it was cool ! The date is a 1-31 display , and it is not perpetual , meaning that you will have to set it forward on months with only 28 or 30 days.The bezel is a unidirectional rotating type . Compared to other rotating bezels , this one sticks a little . This may be confined to my watch only . It is still easy , but my other Pro Diver spins like a dream . This is not a problem for me though.This would be a very good functional dive watch . The mineral crystal would be good , as bumping it up against coral or something might scratch the watch , but it would not break underwater -LRB- letting water in ... not good ! -RRB- The screw down crown also helps keep water out . The face is very visible , underwater as well I would imagine.I am very pleased with this purchase . Amazon held up their end of the deal , and got it to me quickly . I love everything about it . ! This is being added to a collection of about 20 watches . Certainly the boldest of them all ! Next for me ? A Seiko range Monster . You might want to take a look at that as well . A dive watch like this one , but a step up in price . I own a few Seiko 's , and can say nothing bad about them.I must say - regular maintenance , namely changing gaskets that keep water out of the watch , is VERY important . It is too often overlooked . Every 5 years -LRB- 3 if you wear it in water a lot , especially salt water -RRB- bring it in to an Invicta retailer and get it checked out . Its fast and cheap . It 's not worth it to lose a watch to a $ .25 gasket ... Overall ? A great watch . Snatch them up at this price while you can . Anyone would like this . A real Man-watch . Good gift . I 'd take one !
 I was looking for a sports watch that was waterproof for an upcoming family trip . We will be at the beach and pool a lot and I did n't have any watches that could hold up to such conditions.I must admit that this was not my first choice in a water resistant watch . I really was looking for something with a band as opposed to a bracelet ; that is usually my overall preference . However , when I saw the special that Amazon was offering previously , I had to look into this further.Of all the other watches that I looked at none were automatic . Certainly an $ 80 automatic watch is not something you come across every day so I really wondered about the quality . Still , at that price it had to be considered along with all the Casios and Nixons I was looking at . The clincher was when I showed my wife my choices that she loved this one while she thought the others looked `` nice '' . I was not very familiar with Invicta watches , but after doing some research it seems they are a reputable brand that produces some quality watches . For $ 80 I decided I would go for it.When I received the watch I was very happy with the purchase . The watch is big , but not that big so as to be cumbersome . It 's solid , and after having my jeweler remove a couple of links it fits perfectly and is comfortable.I was wondering if I would like the yellow face , but it is not too loud and I would say it is an attractive watch . So far I have n't received any unsolicited comments on it , but that 's more my style - to be a bit low key . I would n't want a watch that is too flashy.I have always been fascinated by automatic watches . While I know that technologically battery operated quartz watches are going to be much more accurate , there is something about a mechanical watch that really draws me in . I 'm not a watch aficionado and do n't own any fancy watches but I do have an 1888 Waltham gold pocket watch and a 60s era Tissot . The pocket watch works beautifully although it of course needs to be wound once per day . That 's not the kind of watch you own because of accuracy or convenience . It 's a real collector 's piece and has sentimental value as it was my father 's . It 's also not the kind of watch that you would take to the beach . The Tissot is a beautiful , simple watch that keeps excellent time - when it works . It keeps great time but is too delicate for everyday wear.The Invicta fits the bill for me in every regard , except that it does n't seem to be all that accurate . In the first week I owned it it gained about 17 seconds per day , which is pretty significant . Still , for $ 80 you ca n't expect an automatic watch to be all that accurate . It is certainly accurate enough to be worn on a daily basis . I could probably bring it to my jewelery and have the time adjusted but I really do n't see a reason to spend more money on this watch at this time . Perhaps in a couple of years when I get it serviced I 'll have the watch maker adjust the time.The bottom line is that this is a great watch for the price . Even at the current price Amazon is offering it , I think it presents a tremendous value . I do n't think you can find a well made , water resistant , automatic watch of this quality for this price anywhere else.Additional comments after about a year of use : If I were to write the review of this watch today I would probably bring it down a half star , maybe a full star . The timekeeping on this watch has been erratic . After about a month of gaining 15 seconds per day , it settled down and became fairly accurate , losing about 5 seconds a day , which is acceptable but I thought it was a bit odd.I took the watch on vacation , swam in the pool , in the ocean , showered , and basically lived with the thing constantly on my wrist . It seemed to work fine.Then about 6 months ago , it started acting very erratic . From time to time the watch would just stop . At one point it seemed like the mainspring completely unwound in one shot making a funny noise and it felt like holding a gyroscope for a second . Since the watch would just stop running from time to time , it became impractical to wear so I put it away for about 4 months . Recently , I started wearing it again and so far , so good . It 's keeping fairly accurate time and it has not stopped on me in the past 2 weeks.One other thing , the back of the watch is exposed so you can see the inner workings . When I got the watch it had a metal guard over the back , I assume to protect the back crystal , but after a couple of months , the screws holding in place came loose and I could not find the right size screws for it . So I took it off completely and actually the watch is more comfortable without it . Still , I was n't very happy that the screws would come loose so easily.Bottom line is that I still like the watch but it does have some quality control issues . For the original price of $ 80 it was a good deal but certainly not worth the $ 400 MSP . I see Amazon no longer carries this watch , which is probably why it was so cheap to begin with . Kind of makes this whole post a bit irrelevant , now doe n't it ?
 I love this watch.This watch not only looks great it will get looks.A wonderful automatic watch at an unbeatable price , HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !
 A quick review is that this is a beautiful watch ! I am not a diver , but love the style . I checked other sellers and Amazon beat all , as usual ! Even though not at the sale price now , it is still a steal ! David
 Bought this for my husband two years ago and it is great quality , durable , and he loves it .
 This is a super nice watch !!! I own a lot of watches , they are my one true vice and this one is high on my list . It feels great , the weight it has is wonderful on the wrist . The yellow face draws a lot of attention and overall the watch looks like something that you would have paid a lot more money for . I own Tag , Tissot , Citizen and other Invicta watches but this one is always on the top of my list .
 Invicta Men 's Pro Diver Collection Automatic Diver 's Watch # 3035This is a very good looking watch & keeps good time . It was much thicker and heavier than what I was looking for . Without luminous hands and hour markers it 's hard to see at night . It would have been nice if the description had said that this watch needed a special tool to adjust the band .
 Comprei esse rel&oacute;gio para meu enteado e ele acho o maximo . Muda de cor . super legal . a Fossil &eacute; demais
 Nice watch , comfortable , stylish , easy reversing . Solid color on one side , stripes on the other . Only negative , hands are hard to see unless you 're in a britely lit area .
 This watch is so nice and the dial is not only historic but easy to read.The dial glows all night long.The movement is very accurate and the case is very tough.The case is a bit large which a lot of people prefer.This is a watch that is built to last .
 I 'm very pleased with my new 8928 watch . It 's my tenth watch so I 've a couple to compare with . It looks even better than the pics and you ca n't complain on the functions so far . I 've only had it for some days so let 's not be too positive.Just ordered 5509 and is looking forward to receive it .
 This watch is one of the best watchs I have had and I am thinking on buying one more >> >> >>
 I bought this piece 6 months ago . It is an extremely nice looking watch . It is heavy and has a good feel . Easy to remove links for sizing . It will run about two days if not worn or on a winder . The only thing I do n't like about this watch is it gains almost a minute a day ... not a real big deal , I set it to my Blackberry while checking my e-mail in the morning . You would think they could do better than that when it comes to accuracy ! Overall a decent buy at around $ 100.00 .
 I got this watch because of the style and the fact that its soild stainless steel . looks great keeps good time and is waterproof I dive and sell hot tubs for a living . my hand is in water all the time . I had a watch like this and it was brass case and when the crome wore off it turned my wrist green .
 From afar looks like a Rolex.Up close it still looks goodHowever , it will gain a minute or two or lose a minite or two after a few days . I wound it today -LRB- after two weeks -RRB- and will check the accuracy , the watch was operational when I got it so I never wound it , I wear it 24-7 . My boss , who wears a Rolex , asked me what kind of watch it was , just like he did with the last Invicta I owned . The last Invicta is still operational , in the console of my car , with a broken band awaiting service which it will never get because I have this new watch .
 I BOUGHT THIS WATCH FOR MY HUSBAND AND HE LOVES IT . IT IS MADE VERY WELL . LOOKS SO MUCH MORE EXPENSIVE THAN WHAT I PAID FOR IT .
 I have owned my watch for about three months now . I only take it off to take a shower ... otherwise , I wear it constantly . I am very happy with it and recommend it ... . for what it is - an inexpensive but very functional dive watch . As irrelevant as it is , the presentation box was beautiful . The watch , right out of the box , was also beautiful . I wore a top-o-the line Tissot and an Omega Seamaster for years and never got a compliment on either one ... but have received two on this watch . The band , which I had to adjust before wearing , is sturdy -LRB- not as sturdy as the Tissot 's band however -RRB- and I am confident it will will do the job . The bezel is the small scalloped model and works well . On the auto-movement
 This is a good looking watch ; I have recieved several compliments . The watch is not outrageously large , as are some on the market . I selected this as I got tired of having to pay for batteries and then loosing the water-resistance . On a slightly lower note , this is a replacement for an identical watch which was unacceptably inaccurate . -LRB- lost a full minute every day -RRB- I contacted Invicta for warranty service and was quite put off at their response . Not only would I have to pay to ship the watch to them -LRB- expected -RRB- , but they wanted me to include a $ 28 MONEYORDER to pay for return shipping . When I questioned the excessive shipping cost , I was told , '' Well , that covers the INTERNATIONAL SHIPPING to the factory . And , the repair could take up to 90 DAYS '' In other words , they had no Stateside repair facility ! So , I would have to pay about 2/3 of my purchase price and wait 3 months to get a factory-defective watch repaired . UNACCEPTABLE!At this point , I contacted Amazon and they took care of me , quickly and effectively . I LOVE AMAZON !
 I had the quartz version of this watch with the black face for several years - ran flawlessly and looked great . I 've had this watch for 4 years now -LRB- gave the other one to a friend -RRB- . Still keeps great time , I keep it on a winder . Great for last month 's trip to Mexico , no worries if it did get stolen . Used it on 4 dives , not a computer but got many compliments . After 3 years the gold did start wearing a bit and got a few chips in the ceramic on the bezel . On the other hand , I still wear it while working on machinery and in the yard -LRB- not the best for watch preservation -RRB- . My neighbor liked it and put it next to his similar blue ROLEX SUBMARINER . `` I got this for $ 5000 , how much less was that ? '' `` About $ 5,000 less '' I said and smiled . On the keeping time issues , the watch is about the same as my Rolex . My jeweler offered to adjust it - because he is familiar with the movement . He admitted it looked like a great value and a great backup when you want to give your Rolex a rest . I expect to get another one soon .
 I love this watch , it looks amazing . It loses about 1 minute every week wearing it about 16 hours a day . The glow in the dark feature is good . My wrist is 6.5 '' and it fits perfect . The case is actually 38mm not 43 as stated in the specs , so I was a little disappointed when I unpacked it since I like larger watches , however after I put it on my wrist I fell in love with it and I kept it . I can not believe that I paid under 80 for a high quality nice looking automatic watch .
 This watch has the ability to be dressed up or down . Great watch for the money , looks sharp with jeans or a suit . My rotating bezel came very stiff , but other than that , I always love it when its on my wrist ! Definately buy this watch !
 This Invicta Pro Diver is the first product I ever purchased online . I have seen Invicta on a couple TV `` watch geek '' programs and decided to check them out further on Amazon.com . Their presentations were very nice , with expandable views and detailed descriptions , and prices that were somewhat unbelievable . By that I mean , when I think of a high quality watch , I tend to think of $ 2500 Rolex 's at the least . However , what really convinced me to buy were the reviews . Reading about what so many other people had experienced , I decided to go ahead and buy the automatic model 8928 . I further rationalized that , for less than $ 200.00 , I could also order the Invicta model 1206II Chronograph , which I included in this first order . The package arrived in just a few days , and I was like a kid with a new toy ! Both watches are gorgeous -LRB- in fact , as I write this review , I have now ordered a total of five Invictas -RRB- . Ordering from Amazon is really easy and fun . The packages arrive intact and on time . I give both Invicta and Amazon five stars !
 Beautiful watch , very heavy and expensive feeling . Looks really nice on my wrist and goes with a variety of dress styles . Could not be any more pleased . Also purchsed model # 5249 and it is just as nice . You ca n't compare Invencta 's prices and beauty of design . Thanks .
 I 've been wearing the watch for a few weeks now and the only thing I can find fault with was the instruction manual on how to set the date . The manual covers different version of this watch and it took a little while to discover that the instructions for another version were better written but applicable to mine . Other than that , I love the watch and it looks great . I 've discovered that it takes 24 hours for it to wind down so if you do n't wear the same watch often and do n't want to reset it over a weekend every weekend then maybe you 'll have a problem with this , but it 's fine for me .
 I had purchased this watch from Amazon.I am a first time buyer from Amazon & was not sure if I had taken the right decision.But , to my relief & surprise , both of the decisions that I made was spot on.The service from Amazon is amazing & the product -LRB- Invicta watches -RRB- is a very premium quality product with a very international touch to it.This watch is not available in my country -LRB- INDIA -RRB- yet & hope that very soon they will start selling them here too.Amazon should also be available to Indian customers like me so that we can buy directly from it in our country .
 I just purchased this watch love it . The watch came with the extended 5 year manifacturer warrenty because I purchased it from Amazon.com . It was really easy to register my warrenty with Invicta by using their online website too . The website is -LSB- ... -RSB- . The watch is manifactured to the highest standards , and you can tell it too just as soon as you put it on . It does weigh a little bit more than your average watch , but that is because of how durable Invicta made the watch . I have personally had various brands of watches -LRB- Seiko , Bulova , Timex , and Casio -RRB- over the last 10 years , and none of them could ever compare to the quality of this watch . Before purchasing this watch from Amazon.com I had went to several department and jewelry stores to look at various Citizen Eco Drive and Seiko Automatic or Kinetic watches that were $ 250.00 or less , which came with a 5 year warrenty . At that point I had already decided that I was n't going to purchase a watch unless it came with a 5 year warrenty , and run on an alternative power source other than batteries alone . Many of the watches I looked at in the store were nice , but I was n't comfortable paying $ 200.00 -LRB- or more -RRB- for a watch that met my search criteria . I had n't looked at any of the Invicta watches I saw in the department stores because I was n't familiar with the Invicta brand . However , when I saw this watch on Amazon.com I decided to take a chance and try it since it met my desired qualifications and costs less than $ 100.00 . I was shocked when it arrived . The picture on Amazon.com did n't do the watch justace , because you could n't get a feel for how durable it was . I recommend this watch to anyone who wants a sharp looking , great quality -LRB- durable -RRB- , and water resistant watch without paying an arm and a leg for it .
 Its a great value and a better quality than I thought . Also buying from amazon upgraded the warranty to five years free . Cant ask for more .
 First of all , the watch I bought from Amazon is Invicta 4607 -LRB- which is no longer listed on Amazon -RRB- . It looks identical to this watch , automatic , pro diver , part gold tone , except the back on the 4607 is solid stainless . This watch costs about 1/2 of what the jeweler charged me to clean and lube my Rolex . I love the heft and feel and the looks are stunning . I 'm still wearing it every day after four months . It needs a minute or two adjustment every few weeks and date change after 30 day months . I call it my Mariah Carey Watch , Big , Bold , Beautiful , and really Cheap .
 This watch by invicta has been around for several years and is a true classic . I own the Silver/black version of this watch and it has proven to work without flaw . My experience on this particular order was quite unusual . I originally ordered it directly from Amazon.com from there stock . The price was right at $ 59.00 , which included the 25 % off and free 1 day shipping . The order arrived the following day and appeared untampered . I opened the box to find the classic Invicta yellow watch box . I noticed what appeared to be black smudge marks on the case -LRB- prints -RRB- . I opened the box and low and behold , there was no watch ! I immediately called Amazon and explained what happened . They were just as puzzled . The watch through Amazon was no longer available ; however , one of the marketplace sellers that sells through Amazon and fullfilled by Amazon had it in stock . Although the price was about $ 40.00 more , Amazon ate the cost and sent it to me UPS next day air . It arrived today and when I opened the box , there it was ! The Invicta box was smaller than the usual watch box and they did not include a cleaning cloth . The watch itself is very detailed and shows the quality of an Invicta Automatic . Although I was upset with my Amazon experience , I was please with the way they immediately remedied the problem .
 I just got my watch and , while it looks similar to the one in the picture , it 's not exactly the same.It does have :1 -RRB- the `` 8928 '' engraved on the case back2 -RRB- the same ASIN number `` B000EIA0LW '' on the cardboard box as shown on the product page.But , it also has a coin-edge style bezel ; the one in the picture is a scalloped design . I actually like the coin-type bezel more , but I 'm unsure as to whether the picture on the product page is outdated and the coin style is being used now , or vice versa.It also was missing the new plastic coverings that my other Invicta watches -LSB- I have a few others -RSB- , as well as the usual polishing cloth . It had some finger-print like smudges on the crystals as well . It did have the `` MSRP '' tag , which had what appeared to be a coffee stain on it ... so I concluded it might not have been a new watch . It is working and keeps excellent time -LSB- I wound it up manually , which you can do with the Miyota automatic movement on this watch ... and I have it ticking away right next to my 2304 `` bling '' diver -RSB- , so I decided to keep it.The blue & gold colors on this watch complement each other nicely ... I really like the combo ... kind of like the Cub Scout colors I had on my uniform when I was a kid ;--RRB- . The instructions might confuse some people , so here are the 3 positions you need to know for the crown once you unscrew it from its locked down position :1 -RRB- unscrewed , it can be manually wound , in one direction -LSB- clockwise -RCB- ... 20 to 30 half-turns seems to be good to get it through the night .2 -RRB- pulled out one small stop , the day can be advanced by turning the crown towards you .3 -RRB- pulled out one larger stop , the time is adjusted by turning the crown.I will upload some pictures of my watch over the next few days so others can see what they * might * be getting ... or might not ...
 I love this watch . It works great , and looks fantastic . I get a lot of comments on the watch . But , Invicta Customer service is really poor . If you can get ahold of a live person you are lucky . I hope this watch does not have any problems in the future , because I know getting any kind of help , will be suspect.Matt
 You can not beat Invicta for the quality , beauty , and precise timekeeping . It looks like it cost from 5-10 times more than you paid for it.Love it !!! To see this watch , an Invicta 8928 , -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This Invicta Pro Divers Watch Arrived Earlier Then Expected.The Watch Bracelet Was Missing An Entire Link And Pin So I Could n't Wear It When I First Got It.I Had To Make A Trip To Our Local Watch Repair Shop To Get It Fixed Which Cost Me Some Additional Money For The Repairs , But I Figured Getting The Watch Repaired Locally Was Far Easier Then Trying To Return It.The Watch Looks Good , Only Time Will Tell How Well It Holds Up .
 Arrived quickly , and in great condition . got it for my 83 year old dad for fathers day . he loves it ... easy to read dial , and a great band that fit perfectly . . as he has larger wrists . All is great . . I wear a Movodo , but will get an Invicta soon for my self ... thanks Amazon . . made fathers day great .
 This is a great watch for the money . Looks , style , and accuracy make it an exquisite timepiece at a very affordable price . Whether the watch will function over the long haul is open to question right now ; but if not , who cares ? Replacing it is within most people 's disposable income range -LRB- even in these perilious economic times -RRB- . Some claim the automatic watch movement is n't as accurate as a quartz , and they would be correct , but in all honesty I can not discern that much of a difference , if any . So far , I have had no problems with having to reset and start the watch in the morning , either . After decades of quartz movments it 's nice to go back to the tried and true technology of the automatic , and the movement made by the same company that produces Citizen brand watches , has a reputation for reliability and durability.So , for those of you who desire a nice watch at a great price , I think this is what you are looking for . It 's not a Rolex , but it does n't have to be . In it 's own niche , it stands on its own merits for both value and quality .
 In case you have n't noticed this watch looks like a Rolex . I do n't have the funds to buy a real Rolex but I appreciate a good automatic watch that sometimes gets mistaken for Rolex . You just have to re-set time after you stop wearing it .
 I have received more compliments on this watch than any other I own . I keeps time well and looks wonderful . Buy this watch and you will be happy .
 As usual I was very pleased when I opened my new Invicta Yellow watch box.This Invicta Pro Diver is a beautiful timepiece and an exceptional value . I own 7 Invictas and am very pleased with all of them .
 Love the style and the price . My only issue with the 3 other Invictas I own is that the bracelets -LRB- bands -RRB- always break after about a year .
 The automatic is great for the price that I paid . The details and colors are excellent , and keeps perfect time . The first day I had it was ask if it was a Rolex ? Told them no but a Invicta , the response was wow , bet that set you back a bit !!!! Did n't have the heart to tell them they paid more for the Seiko they were wearing than my Invicta . If you like an automatic and want a great time piece for less than $ 100 , this one is a must have in your collection . If nothing else to enjoy the glances and responses from others .
 It 's ridiculous if I think that a Rolex cost 50 times more . This watch is amazing for its price . You can not find something else similar for less than 400 $ in a watch store.It 's annoying when you do n't wear it for one day and it stops to work , but for this price I can not expect more .
 I was very pleased with this purchase . It has now been three months and it has worked flawlessly . It is a beautiful timepiece modeled after the ever-popular Rolex Submariner . It looks great and works quite well . As with many automatic watches in this price range , it does tend to gain a minute or so every week or two . It is rated for over 600 ft in water depth resistance . I would n't know about this as I am not a diver . I do wear it in the shower , washing the dog and have immersed it in the sink while washing dishes . You can buy a fake Rolex that looks similar for about $ 100 , but I have seen them and these fakes are nowhere near the quality of this 8928 Pro Diver from Invicta . If you want that classic Rolex Submariner look without breaking the bank , this is the way to go . I was so satisfied , I bought another larger , more expensive , battery-powered Invicta Pro Diver Chronograph a few weeks later . It , too , has run flawlessly .
 Why better ? A friend noticed my Invicta and complimented me on it as he thought it was the same Rolex he had on his wrist . WRONG ... I told him it was an Invicta divers ' watch and that I bought it because I wanted to use it in the pool and shower . He then told me that he could n't do that and take a chance with his ROLEX ... So who has the better watch , practically speaking ? I then added insult to injury telling him what I paid for mine . By the way it is an excellent timepiece and I DO OWN A BREITLING which is water resistant with a screw down crown and I DO SWIM WITH IT but I worry , so I bought the Invicta which I can afford to discard if it leaks .
 It 's my gift to my love , he was excited when it arrived to see right away , he much like it as is was my expect , thanks
 I ordered to replace a more expensive waatch that used batteries and found this to be a beeter waatch . Plus it will never need to be opened up to replace a battery ,
 The visual appearance of this watch is outstanding . Surprising comments from friends . It 's a solid timepiece , and , for me , easy to read . I wear it all of the time , showers , working , you name it.For the price a very good buy . Suggest that you be a little careful with the crown , possibly the only weak point.Invicta Men 's 8928 Pro Diver Collection Automatic Watch
 great value . invicta watches are the very best value in today market . you ca n't beat the product and you pay hundreds less than they nshould be .
 crown gave out in less than two weeks the crown threads stripped . was not right out of the box.amazon great on refund . order a replacement as otherwise watch was fine replacement good crown no prblems watch looks , feels great hit or miss ?
 For the money it 's a great watch ! It looks great , it keeps time accurately , and it seems to be well made . I would and have recommended it to friends . The suggested retail price was listed ~ $ 500 , to me its not a $ 500 watch but it is a good $ 150 watch for less than $ 100 . I recommend it !
 Invicta 's 8928 is a two tone model of the dive watch that started it all - the 8926 ! The watch utilizes 23k gold plate which wears rather well on the crown and bezel - less so on the bracelet for an overall look rivaling the Rolex Submariner . Let 's take a tour of this $ 100 price range diving watch and note the value and style of the timepiece : MovementThe Citizen Miyota 21 jewel movement rivals Swiss automatic movements for a fraction of the price . If it has any weakness - it is in the small power reserve - losing it 's mainspring energy with less than one day off the wrist . IF not worn everyday - it should be put on a programmable watch winder or manually wound . The second hand will not `` hack '' with this movement . A date -LRB- complication -RRB- window shows at the 3 o'clock position . It must be manually adjusted every February and other 30 day months.CaseThe 43mm -LRB- with crown -RRB- 316L brushed stainless steel case wears comfortably on the wrist . The case lugs are modestly curved to accomodate wrists of all sizes . The new model -LRB- larger -RRB- gold plated screw down crown looks elegent as it contrasts the case.The blue dive bezel - unidirectional 120 clicks around - is scalloped like the Omega Seamaster and is a departure from older model 8928 's which flaunted a Rolex like `` coin edge '' bezel . Under pressure from Rolex it was changed by Invicta two years ago . The blue enamal is vey scratch resistant - the numbers more copper color than gold.The Mineral Glass crystal is scratch resistant - but not nearly as much as a more desirable sapphire watch face -LRB- imprinted only by diamond -RRB- which could double the cost of the watch . Mineral glass is less prone to chipping or shattering than a sapphire crystal . The display watchback is also mineral glass - displaying the undecorated Miyota automatic movement . Mineral glass backs are less likely to cause skin irritation than a stainless steel backed case.A date magnifier -LRB- Cyclops -RRB- at the 3 o'clock position carries on the Submariner theme . The gold watch hands contrast wonderfully with the Invicta blue dial . The LUME off the watch hands and number positions is modest - both in brightness and longevity as compared to more expensive dive watches . A `` winged '' Invicta symbol decorates the counter - balanced side of the gold second hand . An elegent `` INVICTA '' product name is embossed on the left side of the case . The watch is rated as a Professional Diver 200M -LRB- 660 feet -RRB- water resistant.BraceletThe comfortable two tone stainess steel pinned link bracelet is worth the price of the watch . Solid end links , rounded flexible wrist links set off the gold plated center links - all made to look like the Rolex Oyster bracelet . The bracelet 's gold center links are the only 23k gold plating prone to scratching . The foldover adjustable double safety clasp uses pins as well . There is no wetsuit deployment clasp as found in more expensive watches.CONCLUSIONRated 5 Stars because of value and features , the Invicta 89XX series of Professional Dive Watches has kept the company in the forefront of automatic movement watch manufacturers . No one can touch Invicta in the $ 100 area Pro-diver price range . Fit , finish , design , value and quality can not be beat . This IS the leader in its class . Those desiring a Swiss made watch with Sapphire crystal and heftier bracelet should first look at the Invicta 9938 for about threetimes the price . -LSB- This review replaces an earlier effort for the same watch . -RSB-
 It 's a great watch for the price . I think I paid $ 130 for it . Sure , the swiss 25 jewel movement version is nicer , but I thought I 'd try the lower-end 21 jewel . It runs great , keeps good time , and is probably one of the best watches you can get for the money . High quality work , very close in look/feel/weight to a R * lex . We 'll have to see how the gold plating wears over time , but other than that , it 's a great watch.EDIT
 The watch arrived packaged very well . The Invicta box is impressive as others mentioned . The watch was well protected in the case with plastic film covering the band an the crystal . The watch looks better than the pictures , the second hand has the Invicta emblem as a counter weight that the picture does not show . The watch is heavy in weight and looks very well made.The watch is no larger than my other diver . The band is large . Once moved to the last position in adjustment it fits fine.Just received so I have no experience with the accuracy of the piece.Yes I will buy another Invicta if the time keeping lives up to promises .
 Awsome watch , looking exactly same as Rolex . Liked it . Only concern is if you do n't wear continous , have set the time often .
 QUERIA UN RELOJ AUTOMATICO , HABIA COMPRADO UN RUSO ; PERO RESULTO DE MALA CALIDAD ; SIN EMBARGO ESTE INVICTA ADEMAS DE TENER UN PARECIDO ENORME AL ROLEX SUBMARINER , ES DE BUENA CALIDAD . LO RECOMIENDO .
 JUST LOVE IT . THE LOOKS , FEEL , WIGHT , EVERYTHING . A FRIEND SHOWED ME HIS , AFTER 5 YRS , HE STILL LOVED HIS .
 Invicta Men 's Pro Diver Automatic Watch Silver & GoldGood description of product , fast email , quick shipment , great seller -- < -LRB- * & iquest ;*-RRB- >
 Nice watch . Good quality . Invicta watches seem to be really good quality . Excellent price for such a quality watch .
 tHIS WATCH IS SOMETHING TO BEHOLD . tHE CRAFTSMANSHIP IS SUPERB AND THE PRICE CAN ' E BE BEAT . sHIPPING IS LIGHTNING FAST.I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT AND COMPANY THROUGH AMAZON.COM
 I RECEIVED MY WATCH YESTERDAY AFTERNOON . I PLACED THE ORDER ON MONDAY AND RECEIVED IT ON TUESDAY , NOT BAD ! THE WATCH LOOKS AND FEELS JUST LIKE THE ROLEX I HAD AT ONE TIME , SO I AM PLEASED WITH THE PURCHASE . I WILL SEE IF THE WATCH HOLDS UP AS GOOD AS IT LOOKS . OVER-ALL OPINION , IT VERY GOOD !
 I like the Invicta Men 's Pro Diver Collection of Automatic Watches . I have several color combinations and I love them all . I only wish they would come in either 45 or 47mm sizes . You ca n't beat the price anywhere .
 My husband loved the color and size , not to mention the two tone gold . He absolutely loved it and me too !
 Great looking and very slick ! Had to take it to a jeweller to remove some links , but otherwise awesome.Thanks
 Hey people for the price this is a great timepiece . The watch is stunning . Get soMany compliments . Buy it save your money for trips ...
 This is my all time fave ... I have owned a few Invictas and this one is my daily work horse . I love it .
 I purchased three watches for a couple of my good friends . They are very very nice watches , well put together , The problem I had was trying to find his and her watches LOL . Other wise great purchase .
 Un muy buen producto , muy bonito el reloj , no es a pila , es automatico . Me gusta bastante . Aunque tardo en llegar estoy contento con el producto .
 I 've owned watches much more expensive than this that I liked far less . I wear it almost every day , and it continues to hold up as a functional and attractive dive watch . I 've gone diving with this watch and had no problems with leakage , fogging , scratching , or adjusting the bezel . The bezel is extremely stiff with this style -LRB- the coin bezel is far better for ease of adjustment I 've been told -RRB- , but that means its far more reliable use as a timer . The sweep second hand is a bit coarse in its movement , but extremely consistant and accurate to about 10 seconds/week . I 've taken it off for a day and a half and had it still keep accurate time , so the reserve is plenty for my needs . The band adjusts easily , though it does scuff fairly easily , but that 's reasonable for a budget watch , especially with 23kt gold accent.You ca n't go wrong with this watch . I was n't planning on diving with it -LRB- I usually use a G-Shock to compliment my dive computer -RRB- but I decided to give it a try and I think I 'll get a dive strap for it and use it as my primary dive watch .
 RECENTLY PURCHASED THIS WATCH AND WAS VERY PLEASED FROM THE BEGINNING . IT WAS SHIPPED AND RECIEVED PROMPTLY . THE WATCH IS EXACTLY AS I EXPECTED - IT IS A HANDSOME MANS WATCH AND IS A GREAT VALUE FOR THE MONEY . SEEMS STURDY AND SO FAR HAS SURPASSED MY EXPECTATIONS .
 Excellent quality , I love this watch . I have it in blue and red also and never fails to receive compliments . Will most likely purchase clear stones also . Love my Betsey
 I agree with other reviews that this is an excellent watch for the price . Not as solid and sturdy as higher end chronos such as Tag , but then not expected to be for under 1/10th the price . Rich blue dial and good size , big enough if you like bigger sporty watches , but not TOO big like some are now . Would look good on any size wrist -LRB- I have a smaller wrist and still looks good -RRB- . One note regarding the review stating the large second hand did not work unless in timing mode . The large hand is the second hand in timer mode , but one of the smaller dials , at 9 o'clock , is the normal second hand which operates normally . This struck me as unusual , but for me does not detract from the watch .
 Someday all watches will be made this way ! Stunning colour and design . Although the bezel lettering and numbers are a little small , if you 've reached the age that you need reading glasses , keep 'em handy . That 's the only drawback to what is otherwise a magnificent eye catching timepiece at an affordable price!BTW ... Just joined Amazon Prime and absolutely love the speedy delivery ! Would recommend to everyone !!!
 This is a more beautiful watch in person . The blue is a stunning deep color . Great looking watch that people think costs alot more than it does . The only tricky thing is setting the time as most people have talked about here . You have to pull it out pretty hard to set the time . It takes a second click to set the time . I was stuck on the first click to set the date for the longest time until I realized there was another click to pull . And that second click does not come as easily as the first click . Also , I thought that the metal band felt a little light compared to the watch itself . Would have liked the band to feel a little heavier . Both minor stuff to put up with for a great watch at this price !
 This watch is simply beautiful . The blue face is lustrous and very eye catching . I think it is the perfect size ... large enough to look masculine but not so large as to be comical as many are today . The watch looks much more expensive than it is and I am very happy with my purchase .
 This is a beautiful watch and I am happy with it . Received several positive comments from collegues etc. . Owned it for 18 months now . The timekeeping is very accurate . Although initially felt a little heavy I do n't even feel it now . Good fit once strap adjusted . The blue colour of the dial is beatiful with matching dials . The glass has not scratched so far although the watch had a few knocks as I walk around -LRB- on walls etc. -RRB- The strap came off once from where it is attached to the watch in an accident whilst I was struggling to open a wine bottle with an old style cork screw -LRB- no ... I was n't drunk ! -RRB- , but managed to put it back myself with a small screwdriver.Although there are several types of calculations that can be done using the bezel , I 've never used it so far . I 'm more likely to use the PDA to do the calculations than the watch bezel if necessary . However the bezel is also designed beautifully and makes the watch looks quite interesting , impressive and possibly expensive . I got it for a great price at the time -LRB- $ 100 -RRB- from Amazon but would probably still buy it at the current price -LRB- $ 145 -RRB- . Overall happy with purchase.SEIKO 'S screw down crown needs to be mentioned in the watch manual so that people do n't use pliers to try pull the crown out as someone mentioned in another SEIKO watch review .
 Found this watch elsewhere for $ 116 including shipping , and bought it . Have also seen it for $ 98 . It is well worth the money . This is a heavier watch , but was surprisingly thin compared to a smaller diameter Seiko 5 Automatic watch I have . I have a pretty small wrist and was happy to discover that it fit my wrist and does not hang over the sides of my wrist . Beautiful color and the glow in the dark feature works well . It is a quiet watch - you wo n't have it waking you up at night with a ticking sound in a quiet room .
 Bought this from Bluedial.com ... amazon store front . Love the seller , thing got shipped faster than initial estimate . Came in a nice Seiko box , and a short manual.The watch is an absolute beauty looks a lot better than the pictures posted online , the blue color is royal and not gaudy at all . I was also looking at the EF527D-1AV from Casio but chose this one instead due to it smaller size ; this being 40mm compared to Casio 44mm . I have small wrist and it does not look bulging at all . Had to loose two links may be a third can be done away too ... will see how it feels over the next few weeks.Word of caution this does not have a full-fledged E6B slide rule that EF527D-1AV has , it lacks the time distance function meaning a added layer of time should be there in the inner ring that helps doing the calculation . Also there is some parallax since the inner ring is inside the glass where as the outer ring sits outside . The depth gives the parallax but does not make the slide rule dysfunctional , just be aware it is there . The letters though small is quite distinct and be read at a distance . The hands do glow brightly in the dark . Others have mentioned the screw down crown , it is well mentioned in the manual as well . It is not too heavy , given the right amount of heft for my taste.My first seiko and I am satisfied with the watch and the seller . Took off one star die to lack of full E6B and slight parallax.Update 05/15/2012The outside bezel was not moving at all at times . It took a lot of effort to move it even slightly , making the slide rule a complete waste of metal . Solution
 I bought this watch 3 or 4 years ago but never reviewed it . I love watches , and since then I 've added a few watches to my collection , including a Rolex and an Omega -LRB- which is on the way right now -RRB- . The watch that I 'm wearing right now , though , is this Seiko . In fact , I wore it almost everyday for around 3 years 2008-2010 , and it 's accompanied me most places anyone could think of going
 The Seiko SND255 provides all the features and qualities you expect from a Seiko.This is an `` entry level '' Seiko Chronograph . It has the wonderful blue dial that other reviews mention . The watch is modest in size . If you are looking for a large and rugged timepiece this is not the one for you . This is more like a dress watch.The watch is extremely accurate and the workmanship is Seiko quality . The watch is nice for all occasions.This watch is highly recommended .
 I really love this watch because people actually think I have a Tag on ... It 's very satisfying knowing that I spent about a 10th of the price on a watch that looks and feels like something that makes people 's heads turn ...
 As usual Amazon comes through . My Seiko watch is as advertised and was a great price . Thanks .
 I have owned other brands long ago but will not own anything other than a Seiko . I bough this as a gift for my son but have similar Seikos . They are tough , reliable and as accurate as one needs for anything short of calculating re-entry for moon landings .
 Believe me , I 'm writing this review after three years of purchase . Till now it 's working excellent without even replacing the original battery . Everything works as expected and desired . What else you want for this price ? I love this . I will strongly recommend this to anyone .
 Great watch , love it ! Might get the black one too . This is watch # 9 and have two Seiko watches now . The other Seiko is an analog 24hr watch , also a fine watch . One thing , it did n't come with any paper work . Was it supposed to ?
 Great watch for the price , already had one in black bought the blue one for my son , he thinks I paid lots of money for it . The seller was great will buy from them again .
 This watch is great , looks very nice and manly . Amazon business is good .
 High-tech blue dial and bezel make this watch attractive and functional . The case is a little small for me . I would have liked a diameter 10mm greater .
 I was blown away when I received this watch . I needed a gift for my brother-in-law who has everything , including the plane . What a gorgeous time piece . I highly recommed this Seiko watch !!!!
 I purchased this Seiko watch for my son 's 45th Birthday . His last Seiko watch had broken after 7 years and he needed a new watch . He only wanted a Seiko . The purchase was easy , very quick delivery and I have a Happy son . Thank you for another great purchase .
 Beautiful blue dial . Fit and finish on par with some $ 300 + watches I 've owned . The crown screws in - not such a good feature for this watch , since the crown is fairly small . The bottom dial records hours and minutes elapsed . The silver hands can be a bit hard to see in bright light - too many reflections . The lume is very good easy to read thru the night.Overall , one of my favorite watches , with exceptional quality and good looks .
 I lost my much loved MOMO Chrono going through Atlanta/Hartsfield airport security on a recent trip . After that , I needed a new chromo that was both functional and good loooking . I found this watch online and bought it in January ' 07 . The watch exceeds my expectations and is great . It appears much more expensive than it is and it receives compliments . All functions work perfectly . If your after a great chrono and ca n't bring yourself to part with $ 2K for a TAG , buy this one.BillAtlanta , GA
 This is a fine watch . Not only does it look great but it keeps excellent time . You will not be disappointed . BUT , buy it elsewhere as others sell it for $ 120 or so and ship it for $ 5 .
 I purchased this watch as a congratulatory gift for my brother for receiving his pilot 's license . I could tell it was a gorgeous watch from the pictures online but it 's much better in real life . He knew exactly what it was before I even got a word out about all the pilot 's watch functions . He absolutely loved it and has played around with all the features and says it will definitely come in handy when he 's flying . He said it will replace the two or three manual slide-rule type of instruments he carries in his flight bag every time he flies as a safety precaution . He said he 's also torn between wearing it everyday because he likes it so much , or keeping it as a dress/when-he 's - flying watch . Either way , it was an awesome buy and I -LRB- and he -RRB- would recommend it highly both as a functional pilot 's watch and as a watch that can make the transition from everyday wear to dress watch for your average Joe .
 Have n't had the watch long but agree with others that this watch looks and feels more expensive than it is . I like the size not too big but still feels substantial and it 's Seiko quality . With the great price from Amazon -LRB- much better than other sites -RRB- and their typical quick delivery , this is a hard deal to beat .
 Terrific time piece for less than 100 bucks . Looks on par with watches much more expensive . Works better too . Easy to set and operate . The chrono-watch is much thinner than the other SEIKO dive watches , better for dress shirts . The only hang up is the large seconds hand -LRB- no movement unless in timing/distance measurement mode -RRB- . Granted it is a Tachymeter watch . Only in timer measurement mode will it tick along with the 1/20th of a second top chrono-dial . There is probably a mode that stops the 1/20th dial , but I could not find it in the manual . Overall , great watch , looks good and keeps great time .
 I 'm really happy with this watch . It met all my expectations . The working slide-rule will come in handy if I 'm ever marooned on a desert island and I need to inventory my coconuts , berries and firewood supplies , etc. . . -LRB- I 'm obviously not an aviator and if I were I would probably use something other than my watch to do flight associated calculations -RRB- . None the less it looks very cool and is a solid timepiece.Recommended
 I have been wearing this watch everyday for about 3 years now and still love it . Its been very sturdy and has withstod countless bangs into all sorts of stuff . Only problem is that the large second counter hand stops on 1 sec instead of 60 when timer is re-set but to me this is very minor after all I 've put the watch through and just adds a little character .
 This is a beautiful watch . Fairly accurate and easy to read in the dark because of the luminous hands and markers . It would be even better if the calendar is of the perpetual type so one does n't need to adjust the date every other month . The flight computer does not come with instructions which makes it hard to figure out for those who is not familiar with its operation . I find I use the stop watch/lap time functions more often than I thought I would ; especially when waiting in line for service .
 Beautiful watch and what a value . Just over a 100 bucks ? You ca n't buy one used that cheap on ebay .
 I love the watch . Great quality for the price . I 'd buy it again .
 The low price range -LRB- and quality -RRB- of Seikos but it is a handsome watch for the money and so far is keeping great time .
 I wanted a sturdy , water resistant watch that also had a compass function . This seems to be meeting most of my needs so far ! The watch is a bit heavier and thicker than I expected based on the pictures , but I 've gotten used to that . I like the stainless steel band and generally the look of the watch . If I had my druthers on what I 'd change , I would eliminate the prominent minute markers , and I 'd want the calendar function to be automatic . The prominent minute markers make the watch face a bit too busy and the calendar function has to be reset each month . I have n't really put the compass to the test yet , but it seems to work generally ! Overall , I 'm comfortable giving it 4 out of 5 stars !
 This watch is really appealing , as it is really not that sizable . It comes with good packaging and info from Seiko . The only problem is that you will most likely have to remove links in the watch to make it fit . Everything with this watch is awesome except for the band which does n't seem to be of too high quality , but this watch is awesome .
 This watch can not be beat for the price and the quality . Seiko comes through again . No one makes a better watch in this category for under 300.00 bucks ! This one nicknamed the `` Blackhawk '' by Seiko collectors is easy to like . Citizen makes a Blue angel combo ana/digital version that costs more and will give most simple users a fit when trying to just simply change the time . The Seiko BLACKHAWK will be your watch for daily or weekend use while dressy enough for shirts at the office or a jump into the pool . I own many Seiko 's and know that the price on them just continues to go up while not breaking the bank to own many of them . I wear and love all my Seiko 's although I own many watches costing thousands more . This watch keeps excellent time and I have not been put off that it is a quartz vs. an automatic movement . The face is bold enough to see all on it without having to lean into it to see time and use features . The band is good quality and has pin adjusting vs. hollow links that are cheaper and feel flimsy . Bottom line is get one prior to it being gone at under 150.00 these will not last long in the lineup . Amazon service is excellent and prime was worth it for me to get all my watches in two days with free shipment .
 Have this watch for almost 5 years now , no scratches on dial or anything . Had to replace belt buckle recently -LRB- september -RRB- , dont remember how i lost the pin connector which holds the buckle . Anyways would highly recommend it to anyone . Looks good as well . .
 I purchased this watch for my son on the occasion of his birthday . It has lived up to Seiko 's reputation for ruggedness and accuracy , not to mention its good looks . The price was just excellent .
 This is a great beater , the bracelet could be alot better , i went ahead & changed out the bracelet ... much better now . Great buy .
 Extremely satisfied and it looks awesome ... . the only problem I found was to adjust the date and time , but would definately recommend to anybody
 It is really a nice gift , excellent shape and color , but a little too heavy .
 Very happy with this watch , it is very comfortable and looks very good . It feels good -LRB- not flimsy , not heavy -RRB- on my wrist . Removing a link from the band was very easy . Like it a lot .
 I received my watch yesterday in the mail , and was totally satisfied with my purchase . The people at the office noticed it and were all surprised when I told them the price . The only thing better than having a nice timepiece is knowing that you got a great deal on it .
 Received it soon after purchasing , great looking and functionality . Not much complain about it except some suggestions
 I bought this watch for everyday use . So far , it has been a great watch , easy to see the dial and hardly any maintenance . Just wipe entire watch with soft cloth every other day or so . Unlike automatic watches , like a Rolex submariner which requires shaking once a while , it does not need anything . Quartz mechanism is proven and reliable for accuracy . I 'll probably sell my Submariner . This watch is a keeper . Also , I do n't have to be overcautious to keep eye on the watch from possible loss or drops .
 I lucked out and got this watch for $ 40 less than it is now !! I do n't know why , but Amazon had it on sale for about a day at $ 95 and I snatched it up ! Great watch !! It looks like a $ 500 watch easy . Keeps good time . Nice weight and feel to it . Ca n't recommend enough .
 Very beautiful watch , 40mm dial is not to big its looks great . Only complain I have with it 's help book because It does n't explain how to set the time I spend more then 3 hours to pull out it 's crown , actually it has `` screw-down locking crown '' that mean you ca n't pull crown directly as we do in most of watch , it 's crown is screw bases so first we have to rotate the crown toward bottom of the watch then only we can pull the crown and after setting date and time we have to press the crown and then need to rotate it towards top of the watch.Above faction is not written anywhere in booklet comes with watch , that 's why I am going to give it 4 star only .
 I have no complaints about the watch itself , however , I had to pay an additional $ 12.95 to a jeweler to have the band resized . I 've worn Seiko watches for 40 years and this is the first time I could n't unlink the band to resize it on my own . Apparently you need a special tool . Now it fits . I 'm happy .
 This watch is lightweight -- very . I expected a watch with a little heft to it , but it is surprisingly light . If you are used to the more expensive watches , this will not be acceptable to you . The watchband also makes a very cheap sound when it is moved -- I do n't know how to explain this sound , but is probably a result of the hollowed out links in the band -- it is almost like a grinding noise . The face is not very easy to read , because it is so busy . However , it is a good looking watch , and Seiko is very reliable , so I am sure that it will last quite some time . Although the watch would look better if the outside bezel had black letters on a stainless bezel , rather than stainless on black , I can not find too much fault with it 's appearance.Would I buy again ? I do n't know . But for the price , projected reliability , and built in stopwatch , it 's a good deal at the sub $ 150 range .
 Agreed , its a reasonable sized purchase . The watch is well worth the money , no question about it . It looks great and pretty much as impressive as it seems in the images.The watch itself seems a bit too light for my liking . But I was a bit disappointed with the packaging , the watch and the manual was stuffed into a small box that was n't designed for it . Tacky packaging made me wonder whether its a genuine buy .
 This is an incredibly impressive and nice watch which looks just as good if not better in person and it goes well casually and also with a suit and tie
 muy buen dise & ntilde ; o , ajuste perfecto , muy comodo , cumple mis espectativas de un buen seiko . Perfecto para ver la hora de noche . 3B
 I 'm not much of a watch wearer other than wearing one when I dress up , as I 'm usually a shorts and polo kinda guy . After 6 years this watch is still like new . It 's the Seiko quality I remember growing up since my dad had a Seiko he purchased in Tokyo back in the 60s . This watch reminds me alot of that watch and seems to be nothing more than an upgraded version . I have friends who have Citizen watches and I think this one blows those away .
 First , read the instructions before attempting to use this watch , particularly the part about unscrewing the crown before setting the watch.This is a good choice at the price for everyday use .
 Large , but not enormous chrono watch with nice stainless band . The stem was surprisingly difficult to pull out the first time to set the watch , but everything seems to work fine now . Clear , easy-to-read face and usable stopwatch function . It 's a Seiko , so I expect it will keep excellent time and prove very reliable - I purchased a slightly smaller but similar model in the early 90 's and it still works perfectly .
 For the $ 100 - $ 150 price a very good bargain . Durable , good looking -LRB- with excellent stainless steel polished look -RRB- , good features -LRB- the ones for aviators actually are useful ! -RRB- . The watch is large and heavy however but this is typical of watches geared to aviators .
 Looks great!Have had this watch for a year now - have abused it repeatedly on a daily basis , and it has n't ever scratched . Time keeping is perfect ; 1/20 '' cronograph dial became uncentered at one point , but that 's easy enough to readjust on your own.The only problem with the watch is that the bracelet pins are a bit more delicate than the rest of the watch , and I did have to change them both for tougher ones.The watch 's actual serial number is SKS-195 .
 This is an impressive watch for the price . Looks good all of the functions work well.Only complaint is that seiko have not included instructions for the use of the slide rule on the watch . So im not really sure what its for besides looking cool ?? Also strap is the old style with a double clasp where as new watches have buttons . But for the price you cant really complain .
 The Seiko watch was exactly what I expected it to be and it arrived in a timely manner . Great communication about when it shipped and I will buy again from Amazon
 I do n't know how well I liked it.It was a real deal.I told my uncle about it , he said his watch just broke , so I gave it to him.He enjoys it tremendously .
 I really like the watch , good quality and easy to use . It has limited functionality , but for the price it is a great deal .
 Love the watch . Looks much more expensive the actual price . The only complaint I have is I almost ruined it trying to pull out the crown to set the date . Apparently all Seiko 's have a screw down crown . The instruction book had no mention of this . I thought it was just stuck and tried pulling and prying it out and scuffed up my new watchs crown a little . After looking for some help on the web , I saw many Seiko 's have a screw down crown and figured it out . Just FYI for other buyers .
 I purchased the white faced version of this same watch back in early ' 03 , and I 'm quite certain it was on the market a year or two before that . It kept very good time . The battery in it has died by now and I 'm reluctant to have it replaced as the local jewley store scratched the back of my favored Seiko Moon Watch made in the '80s replacing it 's battery . This model was my second Seiko since the Moon Watch and it started my journey into bankruptcy as I 'm now a Seiko collector.What I can tell you about this present model is that Black is Beautiful and the legibility is significantly better than the white faced model now retired . When you look at it on your wrist you too may say , '' Man , that looks good '' . It is not overbearing in size.Now if you want to get the particular set of instructions for the watch case , not the caliber , though that 's availible as well , follow this proceedure , it 's in Flash formatted software so browser cut & pasting wo n't quite work ... Seikousa > ` FAQ ' -LRB- at the bottom -RRB- > question # 15 > ` case functions ' -LRB- at the bottom as well -RRB- you 'll receive a 4 page pdf describing the slide rule , et all ... And please realize in this day and age , it is really only a novelty , GPS & hand calculators have far far better resolutions . This is what they had availible in the '50s . At Amazon 's price , at this point in time , it is a good buy .
 I have some comments about this watch . The first time I use it , afterwords a small spot appeared in the lock . Not a scratch , a spot . I tried to remove it with a piece of cloth , but I could n't . I still do n't know what it is , people say that it could be a chemical reaction because of my sweat , but the lock material is apparently stainless steel.The E6-B rule bezel is incomplete , however operational . For a perfect calculation , you must have a `` mirror '' of the main functions of the rule bezel printed within the watch , just like any Jeppesen Computer . Although I knew this when I bought the watch , it 's still important to mention that . There are watches in the market with a complete E6-B rule bezel.I still recommend this watch .
 OK , I 'm a geek . And I absolutely love this watch ! I have a Seiko similar to it but it has a blue face and the bezel does n't rotate -LRB- no extra functions -RRB- . Someday I imagine that I 'll actually sit down with the instructions and figure out what you can do with this new Seiko but for now I 'll just enjoy it for being geeky and attractive.Oh , and check the first review by Seth re . the screw down crown . I did the very same thing , scratching up the crown and breaking nails right and left . I just HAPPENED to twist it the right way and it unscrewed for me ... felt so ignorant I had to go have a cigarette and a cup of coffee !
 I 've had this watch for about two years now , and I do n't think there has been a day since that it has n't been on my wrist , mainly because it is so versatile . I wear it with jeans/t-shirt outfits as well as my most expensive suits.The watch is very stylish , and the quality , looks , and features are what you would typically find on watches in the $ 300 - $ 400 range . As evidenced in the picture , the watch is a classic black-faced chronograph . There is also a nice , red second hand that counts off the seconds when the chronograph is activated.The timekeeping has been excellent , and I am still on the original battery . The documentation that came with the watch was very good , and I was pleasantly surprised to see that it came with a decent-quality case -LRB- though I wear mine so frequently that I do n't bother storing it -RRB- . I have n't mastered the slide-rule calculator , but there is the capacity to do some rather advanced mathematical calculations.It is quite possible that you will need to have a link removed to get the watch to fit properly . All of this depends on the size of your wrist , obviously , but even if an adjustment is required , it will not cost much to have it done by any jeweler . Of course , if you have the time , tools , and inclination , you can do this yourself.If you 're looking for a high-quality , accurate , and stylish timepiece at a great price , it 's tough to do much better than this one .
 very good looking , strong , resistant . unbeatable price everywhere else it is above 150 $ . Good delivery , hassle free shopping . Watch could last for many years to come . Looks expensive , women loves it .
 Quick shipping and great price . Stopwatch is easy to use and easy to read - has standard lap & split timing functions to 1/20 of a second . Watch has more other features than I 'll ever use . Only problem is the numbers on the outside dial to measure aviation functions -LRB- time-speed-distance like a CR or E6-B circular slide rule -RRB- are so small , you need a magnifying glass to read them . It took me a week to find the owner 's manual & warranty hidden in a `` secret '' compartment in the box , but the manual does n't go into any detail about functions other than setting the time and operating the stopwatch .
 Great watch for the price . Sturdy and stylish . Easy-to-read to read . Wind-out stem a plus that shows off the craftsmanship . Solid , but not as bulky or heavy as other chronographs .
 The watch is exactly what I imagined thanks to the description made . I is a nice , precise and solid watch -LRB- not taken a second during a month -RRB- .
 I really enjoy wearing this watch . It goes well with black formal . I do have to admit that I am not a pilot and do not use most of the function that a tachyometer watch is designed for , but I use the date and time and that has never failed me . The links and Stainless steel are not as hardy as I though by the picture , but are still very nice and do not look cheap in any way . Links are also available online pretty easily through a popular search engine . I would recommend this watch to anybody needing a black face within a lower budget , but does not want garbage !
 I ordered this watch as a present for my husband . When it was received I noted that in the picture the watch had a simple black face , but the watch that I received had a black face with lots of small detail . I was little worried about the returns process after reading the online reviews . However , I must admit that it was no hassle to return at all .
 Accurate . Simple but excellent design . A little bit thicker a quarter . So light you hardly know that is is on your wrist .
 This is a very nice watch , reasonably priced , comfortable , attractiveand it keeps excellent time .
 Watch came within a fews days . Love the fact that it is so thin not like your typical watches . Get a lot of commpliments on this watch and I would buy others in the future .
 Simple but stylish , can go from casual to business . Very light-weight . I love it . The clasp is a bit tricky - at first I thought it was going to pop up all the time - annoying - but then I figured out what I was doing wrong - it is actually very secure , if you latch it correctly .
 My wrist is very small and I 've always had issues with watches . This is modest , light and at the same time elegant and not very classic -LRB- which I was afraid it would be -RRB- . It 's what I was needing !
 I 've always been fond of watches especially black-dial watches . Skagen has it all
 I like a watch with a face I can read . Too often that means getting something really clunky . Since I swing my arms , large watches that stick out are a hazard . This is the perfect watch for me . I can read it , and it is so thin , it hugs my wrist .
 Like the previous reviewer , it was confusing on how to latch the band . The only other problem with the watch is that the dials do not light up at night . I thought they did . My error . But I do love how it looks and feels . I am happy with my watch .
 Bought this for my wife to impress our friends , and to make them think we make more money than we do . It 's understated yet looks expensive , kind of like a Mercedes on a Mazda budget . This will definitely make you look classy and smart , even if you wear cut off jeans that show your tattoos .
 I could not be more pleased with my purchase of this watch !!! It keeps great time , it is thin and sleek , and i have worn it every day since i got it ! It can be dressed up or down and i get many compliments on it . My only comments are that it may be a little feminine for men -LRB- i am a women and it is the perfect size for my wrist -RRB- , likewise , the date window may be a little small for someone who 's vision is less than perfect . That aside , i would recommend this watch to anyone who wants a stylish and classy everyday watch that is affordable .
 Great watch ! Fits every arm due to the smart watchband , and the thin design is aesthetically beautiful and feels great on the wrist . Amazingly good qualities for barely any money .
 This watch is the most comfortable that I have ever worn . Extremely light weight with an infinitely adjustable band . This is my second Skagen . Wore the first one every day for 5 years , untill the band started to come apart .
 Its little over 2 months now since I own this watch and I love it . The reason I gave this 4 stars is because the date shown on the dial is tooo small to read . I wish it were a little bit bigger . Nevertheless , the design is simple and elegant and I dont mind not seeing the date . I did check out a lot of watches with a simple dial and this was the one that , IMO , offered the best value for money . There are other skagen watches more attractive than the one I have . Be sure to check them out in a store before purchasing as the dials for a lot of the models reflect light -LRB- shiny surface -RRB- and it becomes very difficult to see time in bright light . The one I have has a brushed silver dial and the time is visible at all times . I am very satisifed with my watch . I found that Amazon offered the best price online -LRB- almost 40 % off compared to a retail store -RRB- .
 I ordered this watch as a replacement watch for my husband , who had previously worn the same Skaagen watch for 10 years . It comes beautifully packaged -LRB- my hubby likens it to an Apple product -RRB- . Amazon has the best price !
 very good looking watch . fits well and can wear with lots of differant clothes and outfits.very pleased with the purchase
 The reason I gave it 5 stars because 1st I like the design and 2nd it 's good bang for the buck . The dial is less detailed , simple and sober ; great combination of two colors -LRB- gold and steel -RRB- . The dial is very reflective that automatically absorbs and reflects the colors of your surroundings , such as your clothes or so ; not too much to be awkward , but to harmonize with your personality . In some picture the color of dial appears as white &#34; BUT ITS NO &#34; the color of the dial is pure steel . The bracelet is strong and along with the design of the dial makes it a piece of art-craft . I would recommend it to every one who is looking for a good watch on budget and like the design .
 We first saw this watch here in Bangkok in a fancy department store . When I saw it in Amazon I was amazed at how good the price was , so I bought it . The quality is what I expected because it is the same watch as in the store . Great value buying this way .
 It is a good watch for the value . The style and thinness of the watch is great but the calendar date is sooooooo small that it is ridiculous . The clasp is a little tricky trying to get it opened and closed .
 The watch is elegant and expensive-looking . Received many compliments on it . It is suitable for both formal and casual wear and does what a watch is supposed to do - keep time accurately ! I 've another Skagen , which gave me no problems over the years up to now . I highly recommend both this watch and the Skagen brand . The more than afordable price is an added bonus - I would have paid much more for this watch . Thanks to Amazon.com , delivery was fast and effortless as usual .
 It 's a great gift for any guy . I would definitely introduce my colleagues to this product .
 great watches , my husband loves Sagen watches the only thing is that He has two of these watches aready but to get the batteries for them you have to send them back to the factory because the jewerly stores ca n't open them . that is why i am buying a new one.no complaints with the watches , they are so nice just with getting it served . . Joanne
 This is my second Skagen . I owned a similar woman 's version for years . Skagen watches are tasteful in appearance , made well , and this one easy to read . A great value . I have difficulty buying watches and bracelets because my wrists are small ; however , I still wanted a man 's watch that i knew would fit , and look good , and this one does . It 's not bulky and the band very adjustable and comfortable .
 As a woman I bought this watch for the larger face after returning the smaller version . It looks great and the band was easy to alter to correct fit . The watch sits nicely on the wrist and is large without being chunky . Looks better in real life than photo especially the band which is light and smooth . Very happy and great international service form Amazon .
 HACE 15 DIAS LO COMPRE Y ES UN RELOJ ELEGANTE Y FINO POR SUS DETALLES , EL UNICO INCONVENIENTE ES QUE LA PARTE DE LA FECHA ES MUY PEQUE&N tilde ; A
 A beautifully simple design and a much more expensive looking watch than the price would suggest . Very thin and light also .
 I received this watch from my wife for my birthday three days ago . I am a public defender who does extensive jury trial work , so I am very careful about the image I present . It is important to be neither shabby nor gaudy . To that end , I have spent the first years of my career eschewing the large metal bracelet watches . Instead , I have worn simple leather band timepieces . When I saw this watch , I felt I had finally found a more durable watch that would not send the wrong signal . The design is minimalist and blends in with my suits . It is also not flashy enough to feel out of place when I 'm wearing jeans on the weekend.My only quibble with the watch is that the smooth crown makes it difficult to advance the date on the watch and slightly difficult to set the time . A larger crown with texture would feel out of place based on the design . I 'm willing to make this slight sacrifice to form based on how little these settings must be fiddled with.The date window is of sufficient size for me to see the date , and I have dropped the watch on a few occasions with no noticeable wear . I am excited to have found a way to slightly dress up my watch without calling undue attention to the metal on my arm .
 looks nice , very nice packaging and quality , easy to read/visibility , steel and mesh are cool ! fast delivery . will see if this watch holds up , but gota love watches from skagen ... Danes know how to do things good!After wearing it a bit , it 's also rather whisper quiet and i can wear it while sleeping . It 's also good for low light conditions because of the light absorbing background and high contrast with the gold colored time-hands , and it 's very thin so wearing it is light and non-intrusive .
 Keeper ! I have a severe nickle allergy and I can wear this watch all day , day-after-day , and there is no reaction . The watch is elegant , comfortable , and modern . It is also unisex . My favorite feature is the adjustable band . It literally wraps my wrist like bangle .
 A lot of people love my watch , I recent went back to my country and all of my people in my town wanted my watch . Its really good looking , you ca n't go wrong and plus the girls love it
 A great watch . Only issue which is n't a big deal given the value of the watch , is the miniscule date window .
 My son-in-law put me on to Amazon and the process was very easy from start to finish.The price and the product was very attractive.I had a Skagen watch for over ten years and was more than happy with the product slim and the strap never seemed to age .
 Great buy for this item . Was $ 100 in the stores and got it for $ 60 here with shipping . Arrived in original packaging , etc. . The watch looks great , very classy and looks good for either casual or business apparel .
 This is now my second Skagen watch - this same model too.Unfortunately the previous one was stolen!My skin is extremely sensitive and most leather and metal watch bands cause me discomfort , manifesting in an itchy rash - in my teens I even ended up with a form of vitiligo -LRB- the de-pigmenting skin disease that affected the late Michael Jackson -RRB- from an inferior quality metal watch band which left albino splotches on my wrist!But thankfully I have been able to wear the Skagen mesh band with no problem at all.The watch is extremely light and comfortable and has a very sleek profile . I love the simple , classic look of the watch face , the understated elegance of the gold highlights , and best of all - the mesh watchband not only looks good -LRB- in photos as well as in real life -RRB- but constantly attracts compliments.It is also wonderfully versatile - stylish enough to be worn as a dress watch , yet light and comfortable enough for everyday wear.It would make an excellent gift.I truly believe it is destined to become a classic if it 's not already!On a scale of one to ten I give this beauty a ten !
 Skagen makes a beautiful , reliable , and comfortable watch . I 'm totally satisfied with this purchase . I had a Skagen prior to this purchase and loved it , but smashed it up in an accident and had to replace it . It 's an unusually thin watch , which makes it very comfortable to wear and less likely to catch on clothing and furniture . I recommend this attractive , Danish-made watch to anyone .
 This watch is a very good buy.It usually sells for $ 100 , and I bought it for my husband fromAmazon for $ 54 .
 This is just what I was looking for . Easy to read , nice looking and at a good price . I also wanted a two-tone with date and second hand and it has it all . The only problem so far is that the band -LRB- which is not tight -RRB- keeps catching a hair on my arm and pinches .
 I saw this on Amazon and did not realize that it would be as large it turned out to be.It was meant as a gift to my teenage daughter but turned out to be slightly large for her.Besides that as a concept this is a great design and the build quality is good as usual from Guess .
 Nice and elegant watch , dial barely wider than bracelet . This watch came with the booklet and warranty card as it is supposed to be , arrived on time and the price was excellent . The only minor problem is that the chromed hands are not as contrasting against the black dial as I thought , maybe because of the high polish of the window .
 It is not too small or big and not too girly . Perfect elegant design for any occasion and any look .
 As good or better than expected . Keeps great time , is tough and looks elegant . Great buy . I have 2 of them .
 Bought this for my wife as a Christmas present and she says she gets compliments on it all the time . I have had my Skagen for years and like their minimalist design . . My watch has had to go back for warranty service but that has been excellent . . And I have never been able to find a better design
 I purchased this as a Christmas gift for my girlfriend , and she absolutely loves it . It is exactly as described in the description and is sure to bring a smile to any lady 's face .
 I 've had this watch for awhile now and really like it . I think its pretty and goes well with all my bracelets , silver and gold . It runs well and unlike most other comments , i do n't have a problem seeing the time . The only issue to aware of is . . if you do n't clamp the latch properly , it will fall off after wearing it all day ! That has happened to me twice . Both times someone had picked it up off floor and gave it back . . i did n't even know it was gone ! I got lucky . Otherwise , its great !
 I love this watch . It looks great , is easy to adjust and keeps great time . Pity the date is not a wee bit bigger as it is rather small and difficult to see . Great price as well - I have a gold one as well so that I can alternate with whatever jewellery I am wearing !
 The watch is pretty and matches the image but it is a very small watch.It was sent in a huge box that can pack dozen watch boxes . It was shipped International and the price of the shipment was unnecessary high because of the box size .
 I basically love this watch - gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because it is not particularly easy to learn how to adjust the band . It works beautifully if done correctly , and I believe most of the complaints are because of user error in both adjusting and fastening the clasp . To add to the grief the little instruction book is poorly organized -LRB- the languages should be separated -RRB- and the printing is tiny and faint -LRB- and I am old -RRB- . I also sympathize with the reviewer that had difficulty reading the time - a minor change would improve readability and not ruin the design - but I find it very acceptable . And it is the most beautiful watch I have ever owned.Added note
 I received this watch this morning with my partner 's watch . When I open the box , I am so surprise as the watch is very light in weight , soft sparkling , and simple . The first impression about this watch is timeless design , classical , simple , beautiful , so woman , elegant , expensive looks although it is less than $ 55 . The bracelet is easy to adjust , no need to go to jewelry store to fix it , you even can do it by yourself . The problem only in date which is too small , but I think I do n't need that , and do n't damage the overall performance of this watch . The gold trim around dial makes this watch is more sophisticated . I am so happy with this watch , although not the expensive ones of my watch collections , I love this :-RRB- It 's a gift from lover , so , what is more important than all ? Enjoy your purchase of this watch .
 This watch was very nice on the website , but it was even more beautiful when I received it . It is so very classy and the design of the face makes it very easy to read ! I absolutely LOVE this ... received as a gift off of my wish list !
 This watch is very nice looking , stylish and slick , although to my opinion has two `` cons '' - date window is too small , and the crown has no grooves , which make adjustment of time and date very hard .
 I love this watch with the exception of the second hand . At first glance , it is very difficult to tell in apart from the minute hand . I wish the second hand was either a different color , shape or heavier looking .
 ... with my Skagen watch . Beats looking for parking , waiting for someone to help you , standing in line ... later days with that ! Easy to adjust size , easy to set time & date ... AND still had do-dad so battery was not wasted through mail . Great job !
 I just love this wristwatch . It is my second one of this model . The band latch broke on my old one after 12 years of wear . To order a new band and bother trying to change it out would have cost more than Amazon 's price on a new one . I have three Skagen watches because I find the bands sooooo comfortable . This style is my favorite because of the larger face !
 I absolutely love this watch . It is so easy to wear - not bulky , plain yet can be worn from work to out for dinner . Very easy to wear with all types of clothing . Can not beat the price as well . Just love it
 I love the watch . The appearance is simple and sophisticated and more imortantly easy to read.Loved doing business with you.Cheers
 I have had Skagen women 's watches for a number of years . They are attractive , comfortable , and reliable . The size of the face makes it easy to read and yet is attractive . I particularly like the two tone design of the watch and the mesh band . The band is easily adjusted for size and can be cleaned with a toothbrush , mild soap and water ! On my recommendation , a number of my friends and relatives have purchased this or similar Skagen Women 's watches and have thanked me for familiarizing them with these fine watches .
 I received this watch from my husband for our 15th wedding anniversary . I LOVE IT ! The two-tone color allows me to wear it with both silver and gold jewelry , and the date calendar is a bonus ! Excellent watch for the price !
 I bought this as a gift for my wife and she is very pleased with the styling , fit and accuracy . The item arrived on time and in good working order . The only complaint is the date is just a little small for those of us post 40ish ... I would buy this watch again and recommend to friends .
 I 've had a Skagen watch for 15 years or so ... it did n't like swimming so I had to get a new one . I love these watches they keep great time and are easy to wear ... just do n't wear them in the water !
 I bought this as a gift for my mom and we loved it . It 's got a good range for the sizing of the wristband , love the two-tone . I wanted the face to be a little bit bigger but my mom was fine with it .
 I 've had this watch for eight years and it still keeps perfect time . Great looking on the wrist . Love the security and adjust-ability of the clasp . For the price you simply ca n't go wrong . Comes with nice packaging so it 'd make a great gift .
 This is a nice watch and is exactly what was advertised . I am very pleased with the purchase .
 I love Skagen watches . I broke my band on this watch and contacted a jewerly and he told me what it would cost to replace the band . I checked Amazon and found a new watch for about the same cost . Very happy with the watch and the speed of delivery .
 I NOW OWN A FAVORITE BRAND WATCH -LRB- RELIABLE AND HANDSOME -RRB- AND IT WAS EASY TO BUY AND LESS EXPENSIVE THAN THE SAME WATCH WAS IN A STORE .
 Watch received and I love it . My husband had purchased the men 's watch like this one and thought it was one of the best looking and most convenient watches -LRB- it is waterproof -RRB- he has ever had . So , he purchased one for me . It is nice not to have to worry about getting it wet . And , it is a very comfortable watch to wear !
 Had been looking for a watch of this style for years and spotted a Skagen Advertisement in national paper.There commenced my search for the perfect watch . I wanted a two tone , metal strap and with date.Found it with the 355sgsc . Absolutely blown away , this has been the nicest watch I 've owned.American delivery fast , smooth AND the cheapest around - and included the delivery !!!!!!
 This elegant timepiece is primarily silver in color , but includes gold accents , allowing it to be worn with any other kind of jewelry . Its clean , classic lines are appropriate for casual or dressy occasions . The flat crystal gives a low profile . Looks much more expensive than it is . I love it .
 It is not always a comfortable experience when buying goods on-line . I purchased a Skagen watch for my mother-in-law , and given her birthplace was Denmark I thought it would be fitting to buy a watch made by a Danish watch maker . The price was exceptionally reasonable , the purchase was a seamless process , the delivery across the world to Australia occurred within the said timeframe - and the product is elegant and top class indeed . Her birthday is next week and I ca n't wait to see the smile on her face . Thankyou Amazon and the retailer .
 I love this watch . I typically destroy watches - often within days of buying them . I have had this watch for about a month and so far so good . I found the stiffness of the metal mesh band odd at first , but I got used to it within a couple of hours . I love how easily I can get it on and off , and also how secure the clasp is - there is probably no way I could snag this on something and have it come off on its own . I love the date function - I have never had one before.And the silver and gold combo makes it so nice with whichever jewelry I wear . Another reviewer pointed out that the gold rim around the edge is just painted on the inside of the glass face - I can not tell for sure , but I think it looks nice enough despite not being a separate metal piece on the outside of the watch . The gold dots and hands show up clearly as well.My wrist is extremely small and I have often had difficulty with getting other watches to fit . Typical leather bands would have so much extra strap left flapping around , and quite frequently the holes were placed in a way that the watch was either uncomfortably tight or distractingly loose . This is really infinitely adjustable for a perfect fit and the extra strap is securely INSIDE the band . It does slip out to one side a bit , but so little I have never noticed it - I only checked just now since I saw another reviewer had criticized this.The smoothness of the crown makes it a bit difficult to adjust the time - as a frequent cross-country traveler I do find that a bit frustrating.I would appreciate a slightly narrower band and slightly smaller watch face for a more feminine effect , but this definitely does not look like a man 's watch . Although not girly , it is sufficiently female . It is a very practical design and very modern . I like that this simple , streamlined look meshes well with business suits , hiking gear , and dressy evening wear - I have worn it for all these things and more and it always seems appropriate and attractive.I do confuse the minute and second hand regularly - they are identical . So far , it has not been a big issue for me - I have quickly adapted to looking at it an extra second to verify which hand is the right one . Still - they should fix this in future models .
 I ordered this stylish two tone watch especially for the date calendar.The watch itself is attractive , and very comfortable to wear . It is more silver than gold but was aware of that.I have absolutely no problems withthe Skagen mesh band -LRB- have worn another one for many years - it is gold and has become a little discolored after 5 years of almost full time wear -RRB- . One is hardly aware that one is wearing the watch.However if you are relying on wanting to use the date calendar , this is not the watch for you.This feature is sooo small and it is impossible to read . In the illustration it is much more legible.The second hand as others have mentioned can be a little confusing , but one gets used to it.I complained to Amazon about the date calendar not being able to read the date at all and they immediately refunded my $ $ . What wonderful service!Just wish that I knew what the date was without having to refer to a wall calendar!Other than that - I have always found Skagen to be reliable and very stylish and would buy another model without hesitation .
 I purchase everything online from Amazon and I am rarely disappointed . I love , love , love this watch . The quality and the size of the product is perfect . The watch can be adjusted to fit any wrist . The watch is beautiful and I have recieved many compliments.The packaging was of the highest quality . I purchase a great deal of silver jewelry and I was very pleased . I will continue to order from this dealer and Amazon.I am a very loyal customer . I bought this watch in 2011 and still works perfectly and looks great in February of 2013 : -RRB-
 I bought this watch as a gift , and was very impressed with the process of purchasing through Amazon . The price was significantly better than anywhere else I looked , and it was delivered within a few days . Skagen packages their products nicely and it made an excellent presentation as a gift . My sister is very happy with the look and fit of her watch . Amazon has never let me down .
 This watch is very elegant . it is sleek and classy , yet can be done nicely with great jeans and T 's . My wife comments how much she does n't even notice its on . The two tone is super subtle too . Barely noticeable , yet still there to make jewelery coordination easy .
 I have always wanted a Skagen and when Amazon had a gigantic sale I purchased one . It is absolutely beautiful ; the craftsmanship is exact in every way . I have a large wrist and it has always been difficult for me to find a watch that fits ; my wrist is a little over 8 '' and this watch accommodates my wrist perfectly ; the wonderful thing about this watch is that the band would be ideal for any size wrist , because of the unique way it can be adjust it .
 I 'd wanted a Skagen watch that combined gold and silver metals , but did n't want to spend the money on myself . The half-price offer and the Christmas season convinced me that I was worth it . I love it . Keeps great time , and looks good ! The only thing that I would fault is the tiny , tiny date window . I have to get out a magnifying glass to check to see if it is working correctly . It is !
 better than anticipated . I wanted a watch that would work for both formal and informal occasions ... this is very thin , with a comfortable band . You can adjust it yourself . Date window is very small . It took awhile to easily work the clasp , but it is secure.Would buy another Skagen .
 This is a beautiful watch , nicer in person than the picture . I love the two tone look to wear with gold and silver jewellery . I agree with other reviews that the second hand is too prominent and gets mistaken for the minute hand , but this is something you get used to after a while , I 've been wearing it for about a month now . it keeps perfect time so far and the face is medium size and suits my wrist -LRB- medium to large -RRB- . Very sleek and classic looking , can wear to work or going out .
 We got this for a friend and she really loves it . It looks great , of course . But , more important it was easy to adjust and is comfortable to wear . Of course , keeps good time and easy to read time .
 Likes the watch , but the mesh bend is on the short side , and the instructions for locking it are not clear due to poor print .
 This is the second Skagen my wife has owned . The first was the rimless version of the same watch which was marginally more elegant in appearance but without rim protection chipped easily and it 's very difficult to get replacement glass .
 My wife Loves her new watch you should of seen her face finding that in her stocking . If you have a very small wrist this watch prolly wont fit you though . That would be my only concern for anyone wanting this watch .
 The Skagen 355SGSC watch was opened in delight by my wife . The design was superb - elegant and finely finished , light , and sized properly for a woman 's wrist . It is a wonderful gift and an excellent value , especially when compared to whatever else is out there in womens watches -LRB- and we did look at plenty -RRB- .
 I purchased this watch for my mom as a birthday gift . She loves it . It 's very slim and elegant . It fits the wrist well , I believe that it will look well against all skin tones . It can be worn as an everyday watch or a dress up watch . It 's very nice .
 Nice item , elegant design . The date display is quite small , nevertheless serves my purpose . I love the watch , the way it is .
 Bought this watch for my wife , she likes it . '' + '' + Stylish & expensive-looking + stainless steel case and bracelet + has a date '' - '' - Not too good for a small hand . Though it is possible to adjust the bracelet to different sizes , on a small hand there will be a long part of the band left -LRB- under the `` top layer '' -RRB- . It is difficult to make this part invisible , as it tends to come from one of the sides . - The clasp is tight . Hope it will be easier to open and close after some usage . - The combination of the brushed metal dial and the golden hands makes it difficult to read , especially in dim light . - The golden `` piece '' is actually just a thin film layer on the inner side of the glass .
 This is my second Skagen watch . My first one , which was almost identical to my new one , lasted ten years of daily use . I love the two-tone combination of gold and stainless steel . My only disappointment is that , at a glance , it is difficult to tell the minute hand from the second hand . I think the hour and minute hands should be slightly more heavier than the second hand . Otherwise , I love the profile design of this watch including where the comfortable mesh band meets the watch face .
 I love this watch , it is very comfortable ... the band is so thin I do n't even know I have the watch on sometimes . The only issue I have with watch is the second hand and minute hand are hard to tell apart at a glance ... have to wait for the second hand to sweep forward to know for sure what time it is - especially in low lighting . A minor point is that the small winding element is hard to grab , so it can be hard to adjust the time when traveling to a different timezone or making the daylight saving time change . The watch resistance is perfect too ! A very classy and classic look to this watch !
 I 'm delighted with my Skagen watch as I was with the previous one I lost . I find the clean , modern design makes me feel elegantly turned out . The analog dial is easy to read . The mesh band is easy to adjust to my wrist size . The silver color coordinates with my silver jewelry .
 Skagen Women 's Two-Tone Mesh Watch # 355SGSCQuality merchandise from this Skagen watch . This is the first Skagen I have owned , but have always admired them from afar . The craftsmanship is precise , bold yet delicate . I love the two-tone of silver with gold because it is much more versatile with both kinds of jewelry . The only issue for me is the size of the face -- I prefer a slightly larger face and dial . It is easier to read . Still an excellent watch for quality and price .
 A very nice watch for the price . Very low profile and nice flexible band . Would like smaller face but otherwise a great watch .
 I am a pediatric nurse and I have to wear a watch . I like this one because it is thin , lightweight and mostly waterproof . There are three things that are drawbacks and why I gave it 4 stars
 Beautiful , functional , rugged yet feminine , this Skagen watch has it all ! Whether I 'm working or playing , this watch 's understated elegance and range of features -LRB- sweep second hand , date window -RRB- does everything I want it to do , a rarity in women 's timepieces .
 This is my second skagen watch . The fist one lasted about 10 years and might have lasted longer if I had not gone in the shower with it . The water resistant claim is not accurate so be careful when washing hands etc.Skagen watches are all elegant and comfortable to wear . The band is easily adjustable.On this watch the bezel is small , which makes it hard to adjust the time when going throuh timezones.This a great every day watch and excellent value for the price paid .
 It could n't have been simpler to order and I was absolutely delighted with the speed of delivery and the excellent packaging . The watch itself is clear to read and beautiful to wear . The clasp is particularly easy to fit and comfortable to wear .
 The clasp took a little while to get used to , but otherwise a nice looking slim watch .
 I ordered this watch because I needed a watch for formal occasions and this one looked like it would fill the bill . It arrived beautifully packaged , cushioned on its own pillow . And it was love at first sight . It is a clean , neat , elegant , gorgeously styled watch and an absolute bargain at the price . If you are thinking of buying it , take the plunge . You wo n't regret it .
 I 'm happy , as usual , with this watch . It 's a great value and beautiful , clean design . I owned my last one for about 15 yrs.The only thing people should know is that the date window is so tiny it 's virtually impossible to see . I do n't use it , so it 's not a problem for me , but if you regularly forget what day it is ...
 I had my first and only Skagen watch for 10 years without any problems . I could n't wait to buy another one . I love it . It looks great and keeps accurate time . As you can tell , I swear by Skagen watches !
 Birthday gift for my Wife and she loves it also a great looking Watch @ a great price , and the timely shipping isalways a plus and yes I 'd recommend to a friend!TCB
 I love love love my Skagen watches ! I bought my husband a Skagen watch for our 3rd anniversary over 8 years ago , and he loved it so much , he bought me a gold colored one a couple of years later . I wear it all the time . Then this past Christmas , he bought me a silver colored one , now I can change with my wardrobe . These watches are classic , they 'll never go out of style . The ONLY reason I did n't give it a 5 star rating is because I thought I lost my silver one in May because the clasp came undone and fell off my wrist and into my closet , but I did n't feel it when it happened , so I thought it was lost forever . But at the same time , I loved it so much , I bought another one , and less than a week after receiving the OTHER one , I found the one I lost when cleaning out my closet ! So , because the clasp came loose , and I sometimes have problems with the clasp , so I have to be extra careful to make sure it is on tight , I am giving it a 4 star rating . 4.5 really , but I ca n't figure out how to do that .
 If your looking for a lightweight , slim , classic watch this is the one for you.The watch design is simple and fresh . The signature Skagen mesh band is very comfortable and easily adjustable.It looks great with gold or silver jewelry . You could wear this watch with your favourite faded jeans or with a little black dressI love this watch ! Its exactly what I was looking for and available at a very affordable price .
 I have six Skagen watches and consider them a fashion necessity . I bought this one at a very good price from Amazon while I sent two of my silver/golds combination Skagen watches back for repairs
 The watch was everything I anticipated . The band was easy to adjust . I did struggle a little with changing the time but got that figured out .
 I purchased it for my wife she finds the overall appearance functional for any occasion . It 's weight and adjustable band plus the Skagen style - very satisfied . It looks better than the picture when received .
 I had my eye on a Skagen watch for some time . My old watch has a date indicator and I definitely was looking for a Skagen watch that has one . This model has one and even though someone said the date is hard to read I ordered it . Well reading the date is not the problem . The problem is being able to set the correct date . When you pull out the pin it does not stop at the place where you would adjust the date . So in order to change the date it is a frustrating push and pull to find the exact placing of the pin . The knob is very small and very slick . This is day 3 and I still do not have the correct date.The watch looks very slick and elegant and fits well on my relatively small wrist , I just wish I can see the correct date .
 This is a wonderful watch . I chose the men 's size because it looked better on my wrist and the date was easier to read .
 Great watch - I wear only Skagen watches ! They stand up to my active lifestyle - I never take it off ! I was looking all over for a Skagen with a mesh band ... Then remembered Amazon - ordered and arrived within a week . Thank you !
 I thought my old Skagen - which I lost after 15 years - was the perfect watch . But this new one really blew me away when I opened the box !! It is stunning ! The face is just the right size . Not too big or too small ! And the gold touches elevate this watch , making it look like it cost twice the price . It 's easier to read than my last Skagen , but not so big that all you see is a huge watch . I ca n't say how happy I am with my purchase . Now I 'm happy that I lost my other one !!!!
 I have never found a watch that fits my wrist as well as this one does . Being adjustable makes it so easy to get the right fit . Also it is the lightest . I feel as if I am not wearing a watch . I love it !
 I saw this deal and could not resist buying it . at macy 's it was for $ 100 but amazon sold it for $ 44 . that is a great price for same item . i love it
 Enjoying using my watch , it is reliable and robust , the second Skagen watch I 've owned , both are accurate and stylish .
 ... I agree with other reviewers , the face is somewhat hard to read , especially with the sweep second hand longer than the minute hand . Also , the date is irrelevant , it 's much too small to read . My old watch with a black face and gold dots is easier to read . I would not recommend for a small wrist and hand , because the face is fairly large and excess bracelet lies under the top layer . I love the sleek , elegant look and it seems to keep perfect time , however , I had some difficulty understanding the catch and consequently `` lost '' my brand new watch for 24 hours at my local gym . I 've learned how to fasten and adjust the catch correctly , but it 's tricky . Not much gold for the two-tone look .
 This is the second watch like this I have purchased from Amazon . I left the other one behind on my travels . It is a very expensive looking watch of good quality at a reasonable price . When I realized I left my other one behind I looked locally for a watch and went on a few different websites and ended up going back to get almost the same watch I had before .
 i was surprised with the quality of this watch , its understated yet attractive . all in all its a pretty good watch for everyday use . nothing fancy nothing blingy , just a simple elegant accessory .
 The watch arrived in 5 days in the original Skagan box . It is just beautiful and very easy to adjust . My wrists are small so this is an ideal kind of band for me . The face is easy to read and has an elegant , yet casual , feel to it .
 Skagen watches are cleanly elegant , and this one especially so . But the minute and second hand are so alike that telling time quickly is difficult . Also I had trouble setting the date because the stem has no grooves and my fingers slipped . Buy this watch if beauty is more important than practicality .
 Aside from the fact that I did n't notice that it had a second hand , I love it . But with the second hand , I have to look at it and wait to see which hands are not moving to tell the time . Annoying . But I love the watch itself .
 I love this skagen watch . I had one like it previously which became lost in a move I made . I love Skagen 's mesh bracelet design . It 's smooth on the wrist , streamlined and classy looking with a thin watch face that does n't get in your way . This watch can be worn with business attire , business-casual attire or even to a workout .
 I have looked at this watch for my wife for awhile . The price was right and she likes it alot . So do I !
 i bought this watch for my wife and she really love it . It 's as i had seen in the picture , cute watch .
 I really like this watch . It keeps good time and it looks great doing it.I have large wrists so I was woried that it would not fit but the band is veryajustable .
 Bought this watch as a gift for my mum . Very slim and sleek . I ; m giving it 4 stars because it tends to scratch easily especially the face . I have since bought more Sjkagen watches but they should use stronger material for the face .
 I have this watch and just love it !!!! I have owned it for 2 years now and have never had a problem with it.The only issue and I am sure it was my fault is that the band mesh broke and does snag things . But I am not careful with my watches I wear them every day the only time my watches come off is to take a shower.I even jumped in the pool once with it on . Thinking it was a goner and it did not hurt it a bit ! It just kept on running . Trust me if anything happens to this watch I will be purchasing the exact same one again . On Amazon . Much better price here than at the dept. store where I purchased it .
 Light weight and flat are two positives regarding this watch . It 's also attractive , which is a great plus , too ! However , the calendar is tiny , and is difficult to read . This is n't of great importance to me -LRB- I 'm retired -RRB- but if you need a date on your watch , this model may not be for you . Also , the band is too large for my wrist and the instructions for reducing the size are a bit difficult to follow . That said , it 's a very handsome watch and I 'm looking forward to wearing it !
 I love the watch . My only problems are
 Sleek , sophisticated , and comfortable . . love the two-tone effect and the slim profile . Have wanted this watch for ages and love it now that its mine . . Got so-o-o many compliments !!!
 This watch is beautiful and the perfect size for my tiny wrists . I had to adjust the band almost to its last place , but it fits !!! The size of the watch is not overpowering to my frame , and it is light in weight . It feels like I 'm not wearing a watch at all , but I definitely feel naked without it . I 've been a fan of Skagen watches for a very long time . My last watch was actually run over by my car -LRB- I dropped it -RRB- and still kept perfect time . I had to replace the band and the face was cracked , but I still wore it for another 8 months before finding this one . The one flaw I could find was that a screw was left off the the place where the band attaches to the watch . Other than that , I 'm so very glad I bought this watch !
 Great looking watch for the price . Very stylish and expensive looking . The only negative is the date is so small I ca n't read it but I do n't use my watch as a calendar so it 's not a big deal to me . I would definitely recommend it to others .
 Stylish watch at a great price . Looks expensive but was n't . Very comfortable strap ; easily adjusted . Not recommended for people with poor eyesight though
 Looked a long time for a watch and this one was recommended by a relative . She was right ! It is lovely , and fits perfectly ! Have had many compliments and looks much more expensive than the $ 60 I paid for it on the deal thro Amazon ... ca n't go wrong with Skagen !
 Purchased this watch from Macy 's -LRB- on-line -RRB- @ $ 165 + then my husband asked if I had checked Amazon also . I had n't , but was glad I did when I found the same exact watch for less than 1/2 the price ! Cancelled the macys.com order with no problem -RRB- . I love Macy 's and of course will continue to shop there , but for items such as this , I will ALWAYS check with Amazon as well!Love the watch , great look , casual or dressed . Thanx !
 This is the slimmest , smartest , & elegant watch ! I love it !! I 've had mine almost a year and the crystal is beautiful . Best of all it 's stainless so it does n't `` eat '' my arm during the hot weather here in FL . That was the true test for me . I 've had very expensive watches that had scratched crystals and irritated my wrist within 6 months - ones I paid > $ 150 for . This is understated elegance - and it 's as thin -LRB- or thinner -RRB- than a Movado . You wo n't regret this purchase !
 This is my second time to purchase this watch , and I 've found this watch to be great quality .
 This watch look way better in person than in the picture , is classy and elegant , it you wan na give a good gift dont doubt it , this is the one , im buying skagen again .
 I 'm been looking a Skagen watch with second arm as I need it for my work.I 've already got one Skagen with leather wrist band but needed one with metal band as I washed my hands at work many many times a day . This watch is perfect in every sense including price wise .
 I love this watch - it 's beautiful and was a great price at least 50 % cheaper than at local stores . It 's lightweight and I can read the time without putting on my glasses . I get compliments on it all the time . Who could ask for more .
 I was so pleased to receive this watch in the mail today . It is beautiful -- more stylish and attractive than is apparent in the picture . I love the security of the clasp and also love that it is easily adjustable.I chose this watch because it has a second hand and a date . I read in other reviews that the size/length of the second hand is confusing and the date is too small , but I find that both are adequate for my purposes and I would much rather have them as a feature on the watch than not have them.I had admired Skagen watches on the internet , but had never had the chance to see one in person . I 'm glad that I decided to go ahead and make this purchase and hope this watch lasts me a long time .
 The design is clean , minimalist , and elegant.I am very happy with my two-tone Skagen.Anahi WS
 simple , minimalist beauty but very elegant . best versatility in jewelry and clothing -LRB- casual or formal , dress up or dress down -RRB- - goes with basically everything . date function makes it perfect . 5 stars is n't enough !
 Looks much better in person for sure ! Was very please with watch , very nice box that it comes in . Face is a nice bronze and where the black stripe is slopes down a bit for a nice contrast .
 Watch looks great ! It does not a wide brown band but it is a decent size . I do n't think it lights up in the dark -LRB- I was driving last night and I had trouble seeing the arrows -RRB- . Still a great looking watch and a great buy . Very satisfied .
 I love this watch . Although my wrists are small , the watch still looks great on my hand . It 's difficult for people like me to shop online and purchase a watch so I was very skeptical when making this purchase . However , my fears were indeed allayed . It 's very classy - I can wear it to work , when I go out ... it suits almost any occasion . I 'd recommend this watch to anyone .
 I love this watch and hope you get more of the same so I can buy more !!!
 This is a beautiful , wide bangle watch . Feminine and very cool at the same time . Sweet little rosebuds on a white background . One of my favorite buys from Betsey Johnson .
 I bought it for my girlfriend and she loved . It was a great gift .
 Got this for my sister and it is absolutely charming . I like how the band on the watch is of bees and the watch itself seems very durable .
 It is just the watch I was searching for , prompt delivery . Great thanks very much
 Can not fault this supplier in any way . Prompt delivery and item was in perfect condition .
 I fought with Macy 's and JCPenney 's over the price of this watch because neither of them would honor any coupons and charged me $ 65 before taxes -LRB- $ 69.55 after taxes -RRB- . I searched online and found it here for about $ 54 including shipping and tax ! My wife loved the gift and I saved about $ 15 at the same time ! : -RRB-
 I was looking for a fun , funky watch that would still be appropriate in the office and this is it ! I love the thick band and the bold face . It 's comfortable to wear and , so far , keeps excellent time ! I would highly recommend it to anyone wanting to throw a little fun into their work day without going over the top !!
 beautiful and sleek . bought it for my best friend as a birthday gift . she fell in love with it at once . -LRB- the tin box-container was a cutey , too ! -RRB- it sas an obviously `` hot '' item , as the watch was sold out . cheers to the makers of Fossil watches for women . thanks again , amazon , for the great deals !
 Received from wife for Christmas 2007 . Added to a large collection of luxury watches , and I can honestly say it 's a great watch . It 's large , but the titanium construction makes it both durable and light weight . It is a real attention grabber , even among my Rolex pals . The carbon fiber dial makes for an eye opener , as it enhances the style . It 's an automatic and is keeping perfect time . With its skeleton back , it 's a nice touch to view its movement from the back . Since I wear numerous watches , I place it in a watch winder when not in use . Highly recommend this one . My first Oris and likely not my last one .
 I have a job that puts what my hands do and what I wear on them always under scrutiny of the public . I 've heard nothing but `` nice watch '' , beautiful watch '' , and the follow-up `` Who made it '' ? I owned one but sold it to a fellow worker so bought two more to ensure not being without one !
 I have owned this watch for 3 + years and purchased it from a jeweler , on sale , for much more then advertised here . This picture does not begin to do the watch justice . The most beautiful , elegant , classic watch I 've ever seen . The saleswoman told me it was designed to be a dress watch , I use it as an everyday watch . I have replaced the original grosgrain ribbon covered leather strap with a flat black leather strap as the grosgrain did not hold up with everyday use . A reputable jeweler to clean , replace batteries , and straps is a must with this timepiece!I have petite wrists and the size is perfect , large enough to appreciate , not big enough to be gaudy . The diamonds with the mother of pearl face is perfect as well . Just enough bling to feel like a luxury , not too much for a day at the athletic fields . The only time I take my watch off is shower , bed , doing dishes or swimming . Not a single scratch on the face , nor a loose or lost diamond!Highly recommend to anyone looking for a special gift for the woman in their life , or as a future heirloom piece of jewelery .
 My husband carries it with him all the time . It is beautiful works well and always dependable . It 's exactly what was described by seller . Thank you
 1920s Triangular Masonic Pocket WatchBeautiful and accurate timepieceAny Mason or masonic family member would be proud to possess and display
 I have never owned a pocket watch before and this watch is a great watch to start with . It came in a quality , hinged box and after I set the time I have never had to adjust it . This was a great purchase .
 The watch is very nice , especially like the way it can be shortened in length , wonderful feature . Looks very attractive for dressy occasions .
 Well Worth $ 20 , very good looking watch , I was pleasently supprised at the good quality for the low price . It came with a box with protective pillow as well .
 There are stones just on the outer border of the dial and have free movement . Looks really better than how it looks on the website .
 this is the buy of the year , the price is right so you can give several people as a gift for the 4th of july
 I love this watch/bracelet combo . The `` dial '' look to it normally draws people 's attention , and gets them inquiring `` what kind of bracelet is that ? '' . When they see the bracelet and discover it is a watch to boot , they automatically want to know where to get one . It is unique and matches just about everything . It has an additional silver chain on it for decoration , which adds to Diesel 's stylish look.It is a quality watch . Weighted well . I love it and have since purchased this for other females in my family . They too love this piece !
 I have used it for a few weeks , and quite satisfied overall . In the past , I used PDA before , but other than basic PIM , did n't use much other than that . Then I tried to use Bluetooth and sync my cell phone for PIM . It is very unreliable , and loss data often because of the poorly design sync software with most phones . And here comes the WristPDA ... It is probably the smallest PDA available . With the Palm softwares , sync is a breeze and faithful.As for battery life , I find it just as advertized
 It has been a week since I am using this watch and I found it worth the money I spent.There are some hassles maintaining it if you need to use this as a watch . As a PDA I am satisfied with the functionality it gives with the price.Entering data with the little stylus is not very easy and user friendly but if you can do a sync with your computer eases the task.It easily gets synchronized with your computer outlook and you can have all your appointments , address and telephone numbers handy and without much of difficulty.I will give it 4 out of 5 .
 I already have a black version of this watch but bought a brown one since I love it !!! I bought this watch with intention as my back up PDA , not to be my primary PDA . Entering the data in this watch is not too hard , but those with + sign glases will always complain . I have my Axim X30 and IPAQ 6315 so you can call me a geek . But , I occasionally use my regular cell - so I will use this watch for pda functionality . It serves my purpose very well . From the minute I opened the box , loaded the software to my PC - no problem at all.Regardless the comments about charging battery - well , any PDA will require charging , to me this watch is very intelligent and well thought for having a rechargeable battery for its PDA functionality . If you forget to charge and the data is gone , well some of the PDAs will behave the same thing . All you need to do is to resync with your desktop and quit whinning.This watch deserves 5 star at the very least :1 . smallest real PDA2 . rechargeable battery system3 . many palm based applications can be used with this watch . -LRB- yes , many free games if you are n't too lazy to look up -RRB- 4 . style - interface can be changed in many settings , very cool.Bottom line - compare this PDA watch with other PDA watch , all I know is casio which is kinda ugly/bad application/no rechargeable battery . No match up . Zero .
 A little short of 5 stars , this watch is certainly worth what I paid for it
 The three reviewers below are either too narrow minded or just fools . The Wrist PDA is a NICE SUPPLEMENT to a real PDA . It is not meant to REPLACE a full PDA . How do you expect a device with a watch screen to give the same functionality as a full PDA ? It 's not possible given the laws of physics.However , the wrist PDA is perfect add-on for those of us with a PalmOS PDA , to take our data with us even to places or situations where we CA N'T CARRY a PDA with us.A reviewer below complains about the size and says `` nothing says I 'm the Biggest Dork better than carrying this watch '' . Well , I guess he feels like a dork already , or likes to look down on people . I remember when a CELL PHONE was a `` dork '' thing.Just because supermodels do n't wear a WristPDA on the front cover of fashion magazines does it means that a given watch is a `` dork thing '' ? I DO N'T THINK SO ! . In short
 This is a very cool gadget and working very nicely as an extension to your existing PDA . Even PDA is fairly small in size but it is still not very pratical to carry it with you all the time . This watch will make sure you do n't miss a meeting and look up an address in an heart beat . If you are a PDA user , you should already get use to charge , hotsync regularly . So , battery life is not really a big concern . If you are very basic PDA -LRB- use only calendar & address -RRB- user , this watch can even repace your PDA . Only problem with the watch is its size . It 's slightly bigger than the regular watch so you probably want to try it to see how it look on your arm befor you buy .
 I am rather opinionated when it comes to luxury watches . This comes from spending 2 years in watchmaking school , studying directly under the guidance of a certified master swiss watchmaker who came here from Europe . Watches , especially mid to high grade swiss watches , are a passion of mine . I am not loyal to a brand or a style or anything else . I judge them for what they are , in terms of quality , function , construction , and style . A watchmakers point of view.This said I will tell you that this particular watch is what I consider to be a `` best kept secret '' sort of watch . This is an AUTOMATIC watch -LRB- read
 I got this watch for christmas . Its not very nice to look at on the internet . However that is not the case in real life . I love this watch , the charcoal colour dial , the orange , and the modern clean elegant design make this a very nice watch . I never thought i 'd like a watch with a leather band . In fact in goes nicely with my skin . If you want to see the watch in person you can go to macy 's , that is if your in California or New York lol . My dad has a blue dial skagen watch just like this , there both very nice . Next watch i purchase will definetly be a skagem . Look around , I doubt you will find a watch -LRB- brand -RRB- that has a better design , without giving its clean look away .
 This is a large watch . If you have small wrists do not buy this watch . That being said of the 8 Invictas I own this is by far the best . The quality is evident in everything from the clasp to the dial . This is also the heaviest watch I own including the Renato `` Beast '' . This is a very versitale watch , it can be worn to the beach , out partying with the guys or to a wedding . One of my favorites !!
 I order this watch in goldtone through Amazon . Big Apple sent me the watch which I love - BUT - it had a dead battery . It costs me another $ 10.00 for battery replacement . Seems like a such little thing to actually check and make sure that the watch is running before it is sent to the customer .
 This watch is a real show stopper . You will get comments on the watch . It is a bit larger than I had anticipated but very light with its alluminum case .
 Watch very nice , very light , it is both sporting and casual , very fashionable , I recommend it widely .
 This is a very pretty watch , however my elderly mother , for whom it was a gift , was not able to read it ! Even I had some difficulty with it . It is small and the crystal covering the face does tend to distort the numbers . So , it makes a nice bracelet , but not too practical .
 I love this watch ! I bought if for a Halloween costume and I wear it every day . It shines , it sparkles , it 's heavy , a good quality . It arrived very quickly and in great condition . The watch face is small , but I definately do n't mind it . It 's a beautiful watch and I feel extremely satisfied with my order .
 This is the kind of watch that makes other people to apply its name literally
 I bought this Movado watch as a birthday gift for my boyfriend . He absolutely loved it . It 's classic and can be worn with just about anything dressed up or dressed down . His friends also liked it very much . I would totally recommend this to anyone .
 This watch is very sharp-looking . My only complaint is that the larger links in the bracelet are a little less comfortable than the band of my previous movado watch .
 Had to replace an old watch and decided to upgrade to a movado . Simple , stylish get lots of compliments ... def a looker and something ill own for many years !
 I like made in America things . All my cars are American made . The watch looks and works great .
 ... very nice watch , it 's unique & hard to find a style quite like it . The only negative thing I would say about it is that for a women 's watch it sits rather high above the wrist ... it seems like it should be a bit slimmer .
 THE WATCH WAS BIGGER THAN WHAT I THOGHT IT WOULD BE . ALSO SOMETHING IS WRONG WITH THE DATE DISPLAY , FOR INSTANCE THE WATCH SAYS ITS SATURDAY WHEN IN REALITY ITS A TUESDAY . I EXPECTED IT TO BE A LITTLE BIT BETTER FOR THE PRICE I PAID FOR IT . YOU SHOULD ALSO COMPARE THE PRODUCT TO OTHER PRODUCTS THAT WAY THE CUSTOMER CAN HAVE AN IDEA OF HOW BIG THE WATCH IS ...
 It 's so beatiful . Very nice watch . Great and unique . My friends loved to . I recomend for all women .
 great watch ! I love how it looks on me . However , the screen is a little dark and the buttons a little hard to push and if it 's pushed nothing happens until you push them right . Other than that , it 's a great watch .
 very pretty watch . works and looks exactly as described . my husband has a very big hand and this watch band fit .
 LOVE the look of this watch ... unique , elegant ... my only complaint is that only weeks after receiving it , the batteries were dead . That would n't have happened at my own jewelers . I ended up paying another $ 30 for a watch I just paid nearly $ 600 for on Amazon . Does n't sound like much more , but it should n't have been necessary . The watch itself , is beautiful !
 Bought the Suunto X6 watch about a month ago ... it 's a 2003-2004 model -LRB- beware of earlier models with reset problems -RRB- . I am using it right now in Iraq . It has been holding up great . The Altimiter is accureate ... the Baro is accurate ... the time is accurate . Alarms are loud enough to be heard . Buttons are easy to use and the new Suunto menue system on this watch is simple to use . I 'm not a big fan of hooking up the watch to the computer ... but it works . Really my only complaint so far is the acutual watch band ... it looks like it will last a year or so and then be useless ... luckily new bands are easy to buy online and I will probably just end up replacing the band and the battery yearly . Small price to pay for a great watch . Another nice feature off this watch is that it is not overyly big . Is fits nicly on the wrist and is easily forgotten about until you need information . Hope this helps .
 Pretty and feminine watch . The bracelet was to big , bit I have very small wrists , so I had three links taken out and it 's perfect . It was true to the description and photo . Very happy with the watch .
 I was very worried when I ordered this watch . It was only $ 15 and I did n't want a `` cheap '' looking watch . I was pleasantly surprised when I got it . It is well worth the money . It feels and looks like a much more expensive watch . I am very happy with the quality .
 When I received my Cartier Men 's Midsize Must 21 Watch # 10072R6 last Christmas I must admit that I was a bit surprised . It has since become my favorite watch . What I like most about this Cartier Men 's Midsize 21 is that it is not ostentatious and can wear it anywhere . The watch also rests gently on the wrist and is not overly cumbersome like some other luxury watches . It is simple elegance at its finest . ~ JC Angelcraft
 Croton Men 's Silver-Tone Watch #CC 311153SSBKWhat a nice gift . And what a special surprise when I discovered you can see the hands and numerals at night.I would suggest you consider this watch.Ed
 I bought that Watch several years ago and the Watch is still working , Excelent Quality and good performance .
 My brother is extremely pleased with this watch . He 's a painter and commercial fisherman so he needs a watch that will stand up to heavy duty use , can be worn fishing , and can be easily read without glasses . This watch met all his needs and also matched his DeWalt tools . Ca n't beat that .
 Have another Croton watch which I like and when I saw this watch on Amazon liked the style right away . Watch was very reasonabally priced . Had to pay shipping fee since the watch was not shipped from Amazon but came from an outside vender who deals with Amazon . Ordered the watch and it came within two or three days . Excellent delivery time . Band was a bit stiff but gets more flexible the more I wear it . Very happy with my purchase .
 This is a very lovely watch that arrives in a nice wooden case - perfect for a gift . Beware though that it is a large band and does NOT have removable links . The jeweler had to specially remove the links which cost me $ 150 to have 3 links removed and the clasp soldered . It does not arrive with any certificate of authenticity or a description of gold weight and carat amount . I took my watch to a professional jeweler for an appraisal to verify I received a pure gold watch with genuine diamonds . He appraised the watch at $ 2250 . My apppraisal states that `` The watch is a link style Italian made Geneve brand with quartz movement and uses Swiss parts . The watch is set with 38 round full-cut diamonds -LRB- eighteen on each side of the face -RRB- . The approximate total combined weight of all diamonds is 0.33 carat and the color is approximately G-H and clarity ranges from SI2-I3 . '' Overall a great buy if you do n't mind spending a bit more to have it sized .
 I wholeheartedly agree with previous rating of 5 star . I want to add however , GoldWatches agrees to re -LRB- down -RRB- size the watch free of charge so you do n't HAVE to spend and extra money to take it to a local jeweler ! All you have to do , they say is take a tape measure and give them the size you wish and they 'll size it for you for free before , or after you receive it ! My wife loves her watch too !
 This watch as I said , has an excellent design . The size is enough , not too big , not too small.And for a soccer fan like me it 's handy when timing the first and second half.However , when I got the item , there was no instructions in the box , I had to look for them at Fossil web page , and even so , they 're a little bit confusing .
 CONS : paint wears very quickthe two links on either side of bezel widen over time making a sharp point that can jab ino skin and catch on clothes , drapes , ETC.the latch can give out sometimesthe glow in the dark hands and notches dont really glow the goodPROS : swam with the watchknocked against wood , rock , glass , sand , concrete and aside from minor scratches it functioned finedropped from 4 + feet several times and still functionsbought this watch twice in 5 years broke the glass face rock climbing with the first one and immediately went out and got another one and had it since . this watch is a pretty good buy , ive done everything from rock climbing to swimming to working on my car with this watch and its done a pretty good job . the only thing i would have done differently is i would offer it with numbers instead of the glow in the dark notches . and i would also make the parts that are supposed to glow in the dark , actually glow in the dark . the the dim glow given off by the parts are too dim to see at night .
 Beautifull time piece . I love how it looks and feels . I has n't gotten any rugged tests yet though like a fall or going underwater . Otherwise , I like the fact that the face is not too big cause i 've got a relatively tiny wrist , and its not too small either for it to look like a ladies watch . It has a real manly and proffesional look /
 Bought this at an Outlet Mall and was more expensive than it is here on Amazon ! Great looking watch . Not too heavy compared to other chronographs . The bezel does not turn for those who are wondering . The chronograph second hand is red and the face looks like carbon fiber . It 's a simple and elegant design that goes with many wardrobes . I 've been a Fossil fan for over 12 years . My first Fossil is still running.I have small wrists -LRB- I 'm not big-boned -RRB- and this watch fits very well .
 this watch has a simply elegant design . its up to date with todays fashion trend and easy to view the time.its a bit heavy but it makes up for it with its durable design . Definately a must buy !!
 I was looking for a durable , yet fashionable watch that could be appropriate for any occasion . This is it . Very resilient timepiece that I ; m sure will last for years to come
 The pictures on this page are a bit misleading because the watch is n't gray at all . It 's actually a glossy black.It 's a pretty well made watch that looks great.The good : I received a bunch of compliments when I got mine . It 's a bit heavy , but that 's the way I like it ... I like to know that it 's still there . :-RRB- It might not be for you though , so keep that in mind . The size of the face was perfect , and it was very easy to read.The bad : I got a some scratches on the band , but I probably did n't take enough care with it . One part got really scratched up at the beach when I left it in a box with some sand in it . Just keep it out of places like that and it should be fine . Try not to drop it onto something hard either ... my latch got a bit messed up -LRB- had to press down relatively hard for it to snap into place -RRB- when I dropped it from about 4.5 feet onto some tiles .
 This watch came as we expected . It wears well and it comfortable . My husband wears it to work and really enjoys it .
 I recently came into some money and I was going to set up a fund to ameloriate world hunger , focusing primarily on Africa . I was also going to build a few schools in Cambodia . But then I saw this watch . Oh well .
 This timepiece is simply extraordinary . My wife was a shade concerned when I announced , shortly before her birthday , that I would be entering our seven children into an extensive , six-year clinical study effective immediately , ostensibly to further cancer research -LRB- in fact , I transported them to an undisclosed location overseas , having sold them into slavery -- not before donating their blood at four separate blood banks -- in order to pay for this stupendous chronograph -RRB- . Upon my return from `` dropping the kids off at the research center , '' my wife greeted me at the door with look of gravest concern on her face . I bade her close her eyes and extend her hand ; the weight of the world sloughed off her shoulders and preoccupation was replaced with purest delight when she noticed this most dazzling watch on her perfect wrist . This episode transpired all of two weeks ago , and she 's forgotten entirely about the children -LRB- I scarcely remember their names , myself , to be honest -RRB- . A huge THANK YOU to Cartier and the reputable staff at AuthenticWatches.com , Inc. for presenting me with this unique opportunity to hatch a plan to both uncomplicate my life sevenfold and ensure my wife 's eternal fidelity . Cheers !
 I think that the price quoted here is wrong . I got this watch last year in China for $ 22.50 .
 I took this watch home -LRB- delivered to work -RRB- , and I laid it down on my rose petal-covered bed and made sweet , sweet love to it . After that , curled up on it , and went to sleep . I woke up in the morning , and it had gone out to forage for food ... it came back and fried up a mess of game with quail eggs , and greeted me with a tender kiss as I yawned groggily . I smiled and caressed it 's hand -LRB- the minute hand -RRB- . Someone told me that money ca n't buy happiness , but my watch would disagree . My watch fights most of my battles for me now , and recently went out and stabbed my ex in the neck with a novelty letter opener . I love you , $ 1/4Million watch .
 After buying this watch , I was pleasantly surprised and extremely thankful that the designers thought to create a watch so beautiful AND rugged that it is water resistant to 30 meters . For example , just the other day I was scuba diving at 29 meters , and I looked down at my wrist with panic as I realized I had left my watch on !! I was about to shoot back up to the surface and risk a serious case of the bends , when I remembered , this baby is safe to 30 meters !! It literally made my day , let me tell you.At that point , I felt like never before , so free and lightweight , because I knew I was safe for an entire extra meter . I played with the fishes and danced in the currents just as I do in my dreams . And let me tell you , all the while , my watch shone with splendid Cartier brilliance.So if you like watches , and you like scuba diving , then I can recommend no better watch than this one . Do yourself a favor and buy one as soon as you can . You will be glad you did .
 what a fine vessel . i recently put these watches in a pinyata at my kids birthday party , the kids were thrilled . But i only give it 4 stars for one reason ... . were all out of 100 dollar bills to wipe our asses in so now weve gone back to normal toilet paper = -LRB-
 I must say after purchasing this watch and saving 15 grand I know can afford to drive my Benz . The gas was costing me a fortune but now with an extra 15 grand it is pure dlog . I recommend this watch to anyone who wants extra money to pay for gas and also did I mention this watch is pure DLOG
 The watch has two different ` product ' descriptions . Is it white gold or stainless steel ? Diamonds or white sapphires . I really must know if I 'm going to put out this much money . If it is stainless steel and sapphires , well , I 'll give you $ 100 . If it 's diamonds and white gold , it had better come in a diamond box , D color , Clarity flawless , and an ideal cut . Thanks gents .
 This watch has major Bling and when I show it to all my rube friends they are going to say to themselves `` My life bites '' ... Well my response is going to be Bite Hard my friend because ... well ... I 'm not you and this watch has completed my life !
 I think this is the perfect gift for the perfect women . You see , when I thought about perfection , I naturally thought of Maria Sharapova , and how there would never be sufficient time in the world to take in all of her timeless beauty . This naturally lead me to muse about the very definition of time itself - such a nebulous concept ! - and whether or not beyond our limited cognition lay a sort of eternal Platonic ideal of Time , a sort of * gasp * timeless standard of time , if you will ! Furthermore , if we hold true the proposition that diamonds are forever , does that mean that these starlit stones - so coveted by women everywhere who looked up one day and realized they were nearly 30 years old - do indeed lie outside the boundaries of time ?! So what would happen if we should take these timeless stones and , through wondrous feats of quantum mechanics , somehow anchor them in our space-time continuum onto some sort of advanced time-keeping device ? Would all life within 30 meters of this thing cease to exist , or at least , become water-resistant ? Would all humans of one 's preferred sexual orientation suddenly open up -LRB- pun clearly intended -RRB- and beg for one 's favor ? Would the Flyers instantly transmogrify into a perennial championship team ? Or would we just end up with a really expensive , overly impractical device that could feed a 3rd-world country for the next decade ? I bet the druids at Stonehenge never considered this BLEEEEP ! OH GOD THE QUESTIONS , THE QUESTIONS , THEY NEVER STOP !! * spontaneously combusts * Luckily , our friends at Cartier , heedless of the potential consequences , decided to capitalize on my idea -LRB- I knew I should have patented it , blast ! -RRB- and put it on the market for one lucky , timeless beauty . Wear this watch , Maria , and think of me .
 I came on here looking to purchase TS . I still ca n't find it I have been looking everywhere . Well as I was searching I found this watch . I took one look at this watch and was like OMG I totally need this watch . The other reviewers were wrong this watch is DLOG x 20 . I bought two of them and forgot all about the TS . I will have to look for it later . This watch is good for all things and that my friends is as DLOG as you can get .
 This is simply the best watch you can buy for this low price . I bought one for my wife , and one for each of my 13 female children . Now for myself , I have an Omega men 's constellation , I also bought one for each of my 14 boys .
 Hypothetically speaking , would you pay a million dollars for one night with Jessica Alba ? Halle Berry ? Ignore the fact that you can hardly afford the lint for your pockets because if you had the cash and Eva Longeria came with a price tag you would put that new Maybach on hold.That 's why I recommend this watch.I baught this watch because , like Eva Longeria , my wife comes with a price tag . When mistakes are made , I am forced to pay to fix them . Something I like to call Kobe Syndrome . He paid one million for the word `` I 'm '' and another million for the word `` sorry . '' A 2 million dollar ring served as collateral to his wife for rape charges . I only had to purchase this $ 225,000 watch.No , I did n't rape someone . My hook-up was consensual . Well , consensual in that we both acknowledged that I was only getting some because I paid $ 2,500 for her drinks that night.Thanks to Cartier though , and this one-night-fling-bling , my wife will stay with me at least another 3 months .
 I was buying my dog 's caviar -LRB- he only eats Sevruga ; Beluga gives him gastritis -RRB- when I saw this watch in the jeweler store . Of course I immediately bought it and placed it on my husband 's account . It 's a fine looking watch . Matches the color of my Rolls-Royce Corniche Convertible which I got for this weekend 's party . Next week I 'm ditching both for a Bentley Azure Convertible Mulliner combined with a $ 1M Chopard watch I 'm getting for myself as a birthday present . Oh dear ! Is n't it hard being the wife of a billionaire ?
 My brother sent me `` Drop Dead Gorgeous '' on DVD for the second Christmas in a row so I returned it to Amazon and the $ 5 e-credit was burning a serious hole in my cyber-pocket until I stumbled onto this beauty while looking to see if they actually sold ladies on Amazon . Much to my chagrin , human trafficking has evidently been outlawed in much of the quote end quote `` free world '' , hence no actual ladies on Amazon , but to my delight , this beautiful ladies watch actually made me money . I started with the $ 5 credit and saved $ 15,000 dollars on this watch , leaving me with $ 15,005 dollars to go on a wild shoping spree involving alot of helium tanks and diving equipment , oh and a barcalounger . If you breathe helium through a regulator you can actually converse with Jimi Hendrix and Janis Joplin after the fog in your brain turns fushia ... anyway , buy this watch , you actaully make money , you 'd be stupid to turn it down .
 I was looking to blow my tax refund money this year when I came accross this little ditty . I had considered all the other options for spendig my hard earned dollars , but I fugured Bill Gates has the education market cornered , and Brad and Angelina have all but taken care of the African continent , so I decided to deem myself as the time keeper of the world -LRB- take that big ben -RRB- I did have to give it only 4 stars though , simply because it is not offered in gold , and everyone knows you can mix gold and platinum jewlery , that 's just tacky.One great aspect though is with every purchase , you recieve a complementary sign from Bill Engval !!! Great buy !!!!
 WOW ! I never thought I would find this at such an unbelieveable price ! But I have one thought to share with you - if you have this amount to buy a watch of this price , how about just sending a few $ 10,000 to me ? You wo n't even notice it has gone and you probably make the same in interest every day . So how about it then ?
 Can you believe this?They want an extra $ 50 to put `` 3-4-EVA '' on the back of the watch , in honor of the great Dale Earnhardt ... Nope . Not from me . I am going to give my hard earned dollars to the nice people at Wal-Mart . They seem to understand me better .
 When the other reviewer said this watch was DLOG , I think it was an understatement . I have saved enough money by buying these watches to buy a new house , and put my kids through college . I mean , $ 15,000 is a HUGE savings . I was skeptical at first because of the $ 240,000 price tag , but when I did the math , WOWSERS ! Do n't tell the kids , but I know what Santa is bringing them this year ! I got these for the whole family . My dogs have more bling than anyone else on the street . I think Bubb Rubb and Lil ' Sis ought to buy some of these , unless Leeroy already found the stash and took them all -LRB- when he finished his chicken , of course -RRB- . BUY THESE WATCHES !
 For $ 15,000 off the retail price , you ca n't afford not to get one , if not more ! $ 15,000 off ! That 's more than most people make in most of the world make year , if not a lifetime ! A true bargain . I have several and you should get some too ! The children love them .
 Do n't let ANYONE tell you the inability to understand math is a handicap . I bought 20 of these watches , and saved enough to buy a house ! Certainly , it 's modest house , but it 's home.My friends were amazed that I could afford to buy these watches to begin with . Well , I was n't able to afford them , of course , so after saving $ 15,000 on each , I returned them , saying they did n't fit.Without my stunning inability to grasp even the most basic math concepts , I would never have been able to imagine this plan , let alone execute it . And let me tell you , failing high school algebra I twice was a small price to pay for my beautiful new home !
 Lancelot bought me this watch as a lovers gift . After wearing it to a couple of post-Round Table parties , and getting TONS of compliments from the other ladies , I had to buy three more -- one each for Mom , Sis , and my Lady-in-Waiting . With the 45K saved , I bought a year-old Lexus Hybrid SUV and sold my mare . No more hay and oats to buy , so I 've saved even more !
 This is a must-have for anyone serious about timekeeping . If worn regularly , it practically guarantees that you 'll never miss another appointment . All it takes is a simple glance down at your wrist , and you 'll be ON time EVERY time . If you have a full schedule like I do , you ca n't afford NOT to buy this watch . The 3-year warranty is just icing on the cake .
 I bought the Cartier Ladies Tank Francaise watch for a girl I met several weeks ago in the Bronx . Her name was Taurus -- though I think this was an elaborate sobriquet to throw me off the mark ! But I digress . I was searching for the `` Rolex Bling it On ! '' watch -LRB- also a steal on Amazon.com -RRB- when I stumbled upon this incredible timepiece . I took one look at it , and knew my lady Taurus simply had to have it.It was delivered in a small , unassuming box , along with my Arrested Development Season 2 DVD . To be honest , I almost threw it in the trash with the packing material -- it was so small ! But fortunately , a stray ray of sunlight struck one of the Princess Baguette Cut diamonds , filling the room with glorious white light . After Taurus and I regained our sight , I happily placed this watch on her wrist . It 's been a couple of weeks , but hopefully she 'll call soon !
 I ordered three , and am waiting until my next paycheck to get three more . I thought about going to Cash Advance to get them now , but I figured three is good for all my ladies now . Ca n't wait to give it to them for Christmas . You simply ca n't go wrong at this price . Grab all you can !
 I have been saving up all of my money for a house . Once I saw this watch my boyhood dream suddenly became irrelvent . I am a man but I still fell in love with the 200 + diamonds in this watch . I figured it was worth wearing this watch even if it means sleeping in the back of a train . Now that I have made this purchase I feel like I am a complete person and the only burden I have is paying off the adjustible intrest rate on the money I borrowed with my bad credit .
 I am really bummed because I had just bought my Wife one of these watches at the full $ 240,000.00 price tag . I wish you had told me about this sale earlier ! Damn it ! I 'm always getting ripped off for some reason . Maybe I can sell the watch on Ebay and make a profit on it from some no nothing who thinks it may be worth more than the $ 240,000.00 price tag I Paid . The real bummer is , I bought two of them because I thought about it as a good investment.We 'll see .
 This watch gave me a hemorrhoid . The bright light blinded me for a period of 7 hours during which I fell on my ass and got a hemorrhoid . My ho . . WIFE ! WIFE told me to go to the doctor because the watch cut me and gave me AIDS . Overall it gave me a hard time , especially the shot through the groin from the mugger , but the diamonds made up for it .
 It 's the finest time piece any woman can ever dream to own . I recently used my Amazon promotional gift certificate to get this item for my girlfriend . Her only complaint is that the diamonds scratched up her car door by accident . Boy , those diamond scratches are impossible to buff out ! I recomend this watch to all the guys who have a little extra pocket change and want to show someone special how much they care .
 I just had to get one of these for my new friend in school ! She showed me where the cafeteria was , and I really could n't find it . I got one for myself too , and my mom thought it was such a great idea to have friendship watches ! I had to save up my allowance a bit , but ir was really a great deal ! I 'm so glad I found this beautiful and inexpensive watch !
 This watch is so expensive because it has its own time ; when I bought 2 for my wife last week -LRB- as a bribe to forget about the Europe journey -RRB- , she was very happy . . very happy that she started to play with the time adjuster ; it was 3 PM and she moved it to be 3 AM , and just like that ! , night fell immediately !
 Our neighbor had a big dog , barking all the time . after my wife bought this watch , we were thrown out of our house . and now , We do n't hear the damn barking anymore!Thank YOU Cartier !!
 I happened to find this exquisite timepiece while watching a house for some friends of mine . Imagine my surprise upon learning its real value . By the way , if anyone wants a terrific value on this watch , some flat-screen TV 's , furs , or beautiful original paintings , check out my auctions on **** .
 I have already written ` what a gorgeous ' watch this is ! I wear it mostconsistently than all the other watches I own.It is the one watch I wear - day AND night since purchasing it . The Amazon list provided the lux list and this was money well spent - so I 'm very pleased with this product .
 Very pleased with this rose gold watch . Rose gold is very hard to comeby so I was pleased with the product and price of this watch . Good looking , substantial and well made .
 I purchased this watch for my wife and she simply loves it . Previously I had given her two Seiko 's and a Diamond Citizen Echo Drive . She wears those watches quite a bit but she wears this watch much , much more . And it cost much , much less!The rose gold is very different and what is advertised as a blue face is actually closer to purple . It is very unusual and she gets comments all the time . I posted a picture of the watch because the one on this page just does not do the watch justice . My picture does not either . The watch looks better.The 10 year battery just about makes this watch free if you consider paying around $ 10 a year for a new battery on other quartz watches.This watch looks great and is a bargain at less than $ 70 ! Highly recommended !
 I love this watch ! The rose gold colored band makes it quite unique and really sets off the dark blue watch face . I have already received numerous compliments on the watch . I had to make the band smaller and brought the watch to a jeweler friend of mine . He was not familar with the Invicta brand but said the watch band was very well constructed , reflective of a high quality watch .
 Watch was a surprise for my wife . She loves it , however I found a slight blemish on it , which she did n't notice . So we 're not sending it back . My sister-in-law , who is a jewelry maven , noticed the watch and commented on how attractive the rose gold was . My wife loves the blue/purplish face . The only complaint was that the date was difficult to read . We got this with a free golf umbrella , so the value of this purchase was very good .
 I purchased this watch over a year ago . I love the look and feel of it and the fact that it has a 10-year battery . However , after about 6 months , the lovely rose gold color changed to regular gold . It was so gradual , I actually did not notice for awhile , until I took out the extra links from my jewelry box that I had removed when I bought the watch . There is a definite difference ! I miss the unique rose gold color , although it is still a nice gold watch . Does anyone know if this is due to chemistry and I have changed the color by wearing the watch ?
 The brushed and shiny rose colored band appears as a soft copper color that is unusual and quite attractive . The face color started out as the purple color shown in the reviewer photograph , but as I had it exposed to light longer , the dial color shifted to the blue color shown in the Amazon photo only it has a dark blue/purple ring where the rose gold hour numbers are located . The star burst dial is only noticeable as light reflects the ridges creating an optical effect that I had not seen on any other watch . The hands appear a pale turquoise color which I assume is due to them having the ability to absorb light . This watch really is stunning and so well made and a nice weight to it -LRB- heaviest watch I own -RRB- which feels like a much more expensive watch . Another nice feature of the band is it has an additional locking envelope style clasp , so I doubt it would ever come unlocked . Also you get an extra 4 year warranty and a 10 year battery , so it really is an incredible deal . I love it !
 Great watch . The band adjustment is super easy , just unhook the closure links -LRB- up to three -RRB- and it will fit perfectly , it looks very good on the wrist too . The watch is just a bit larger than a nickle and is vertually `` catch proof '' . The band is a double bracelet style -LRB- two layers -RRB- and it 's so smoothe and comfortable you wo n't even know you have it on . It looks exactly as pictured . I love it .
 I actually bought this same watch at Kohl 's a couple years ago . I really loved it . It feels like a bracelet , which for my small wrist is a welcome compared to thicker bands . It 's two-toned , gold and silver , so you do n't have to worry about matching your other jewelry with the watch.As for time-keeping , it 's very accurate ; I have not seen it get behind or ahead.The watch I bought from Kohl 's had an accident and was busted up pretty bad - beyond repair . I went online searching , seeing if I could buy another one , and lo and behold Amazon is selling the same watch . So I bought my favorite watch again . Very Happy . : -RRB-
 This is a pretty , feminine watch . Very easy to adjust as another reviewer said -LRB- even fits a small 5-6 inch wrist -RRB- . The only reason that I gave it 4 stars is that I fight with the clasp every morning to close it . Otherwise a very nice find .
 Love this watch , always like a bracelet type of strap better than leather or one of those stretch ones , also this watch has at least every other number on it , larger face than my last watch , economical , waterproof , I already wore it in a swimming pool . Good buy
 This was a graduation gift for my granddaughter as she was promoted from elementary school . It is the perfect first watch for a young girl .
 Es muy buen reloj identico a la foto mi suegra esta feliz con su regalo
 This watch is a very good buy . It looks great and is both accurate and tough . It is a good choice for an everyday watch . No complaints .
 This is my everyday watch and all i have to say is i love it . it lights up , has a stop watch , an alarm clock and its durable enough not to break when i play sports with it on or work out plus my favorite color red is in it . Its a great watch and got here on time so theres no reason not to buy one .
 I ordered this watch for my 8th old son . Although , it 's an adult watch it looks great on him and he loves it . He is very rough with his things but this is much tougher then him . He is on a swim team so this watch also spends a lot of time in water . Extremely durable and well worth the money for what you get .
 I tend to break watches due to playing various sports . This watch holds up excellent and has great battery life .
 I got this watch for Christmas this year . I am pretty rough on watches so I wanted one that would stand up to my rigorous working conditions . This watch is one tough timepiece . If I had to pay for it , it would have been worth every penny . Easy to see with the glow button and easy to navigate . Plus it looks so BAD !
 My son thought this was a great watch , lots of features and is not too bulky of a watch to wear everywhere .
 The main reason I like this watch is that its not to flashy . It has a rugged military look to it and it does the job for what I expect from a watch . It has taken a beating and still looks and runs fine . I would recommened this watch to anyone looking for a good priced G shock .
 Gave it to my boyfriend as a gift meets his needs for a basic watch he wears it everyday so all in all good item ... Especially for alarm clock & timer in one .
 Love my watch . It does n't have a lot of settings , just very simple . Which it was all black but still recommend it to everyone I know ...
 Excellent quality , very good looking watch . The functions and features of this watch is real good , thank you very much .
 Great pick on this watch . It came very fast and it 's just what I thought it would be . No complaints
 Extremely pleased . My nephew loves it . I ordered it really close to Christmas and was told it may be after Christmas for delivery . I received the watch Dec 23rd .
 I have own several G-Shock watches and I am the type of person that I do n't take my watch off for any reason . So , for this Holidays I wanted to share the G-Shock love of eternity or at the end of the battery life . Then , replace it and keep Rolling with the Love . Share the G-Shock Love .
 I wear this watch every single day and i love it . Ive always wore fossil watches and would never wear anything else . Definately worth the price . Highly recommended
 Very professional and courteous . Straight forward and easy to deal with . On time delivery . Better than buying on eBay .
 I love this watch . 6 months later and I am wearing it most every day.I wish I also had the chrono version as well ...
 This is a dressier style chrono that is an exceptional value considering the fact that it uses the same movement -LRB- Valjoux 7750 -RRB- found in a Tag Heuer Carrera -LRB- $ 2695 -RRB- . Also , the picture is deceiving . The dial is silver toned with a neat pattern . The tachymetre is in white on the outer edge .
 This is a fantastic execution of the classic 7750 and represents a great value . It 's my third accutron , and all of them have excellent fit and finish . It should be mentioned that the date can not be changed while it is advancing -LRB- about 10p-2a -RRB- which is most likely the problem the negative reviewers were having . My only complaint is that it is very thick . 15mm is significantly thicker than my seiko monster , itself a tall watch -LRB- 12mm -RRB- .
 I ordered this watch as a Christmas gift for my husbad . It is beautiful , and I especially like the automatic self winding function . Unfortunately , the date and time could not be set and I had to return the watch .
 This is the most beautiful watch I 've seen . I hope that no one else buys it so that I can be the only one to have it . It has the valjoux 7750 movement in it . It is even better looking in real life -LRB- versus a photo -RRB- . You 'll love it !!!
 This is a very nice watch!The Swiss movement -LRB- Valjoux 7750 -RRB- has been around for over 30 years , and is used by both Rolex and Tag in some of their watches.Another nice thing is the warranty - 5 years!The only thing I can say on the negative side is that , while obviously brand new , there was -LRB- is -RRB- a VERY tiny nick on the edge of the case . It is hard to see , and appears to have happened during assembly . I 'm sure a jeweler could make it even less visible , but I had to search for it just now , so it is n't worth the trouble.Amazon must have gotten a deal on this watch - what a price !!!
 I have a small collection of watches and this is one of my favorites . The Accutron Gemini is a flawless machine that is grossly under rated . I do n't know why it is n't advertised more widely . This price is the most affordable I have found on the internet . I doubt that anyone who purchases this watch will regret it .
 I received this watch for Christmas , and I must say I am very pleased . The band is shiny stainless steel , the face is silver with a herringbone pattern . There are deep blue hour and minute hands offset by a small , red second dial . The colors are vibrant and play well against each other . The size of the watch is reminiscent of a man 's watch , which gives it particular presence . I had to have the band resized to accommodate my wrist . This is an excellent addition to your spring or summer wardrobe .
 After much research , I decided to go with this Gemini with the silver face . It has the valjoux movement , stainless case , the diameter that I wanted , a clear case back , and a deployment clasp on a leather band . This seams to be a lot of watch for the price . Usually you end up paying much more than this , sometimes up to and beyond $ 2000 . I ordered it , it came a few days later . After close inspection , there was what appeared to be a tan `` bread crumb '' or large speck of dust on the silver dial . I called World Lux and they immediately had me ship it back . They then overnighted a replacement . The new one seems to be flawless . This watch is a large , medium to heavy weight watch , very masculine . The new style deloyment clasp looks very nice but when I wear it , the release buttons `` dig '' into my wrist leaving sore red marks . I do not have the band set very snuggly . I am in the process of ordering an aftermarket fold over clasp that will cure the problem . Over all , a very good looking , nice quality watch in my opinion . If it werent for the clasp problem , I would have given it 5 stars .
 I am very satisfied with this purchase.The watch is of excellent quality and the price is very adequate.The description on the homepage was also detailed .
 This watch works well to tell you the instantaneous UV . It takes a few seconds for the meter to get an accurate reading , but it measures to the tenth of a unit . The only function I would add is a running total of my accumulated sun exposure.When I replaced the battery -LRB- after about 1 year -RRB- the whole watch died . If I had done this even a few weeks later , the 1-year warranty would have expired and I would have been screwed.I 've had a hand held UV monitor in the past and having this watch was much easier to carry and use .
 Learned a lot about how much UV radiation there was , and when/where . Even in the shade there can be a significant amount . Highly recommended .
 I bought this for a science fair project for my daughter . A website suggested using a UV meter to monitor UV exposure at various times of the day , as well as different sky conditions at the same time each day . Seemed like an interesting project , and given that I had a Stage 0 melanoma mole removed just recently , it was one that had definite practical application for me . The benefit of this device is the ease of having it with you when you are under high UV conditions - beach , golf course , sailing , etc. . For the same price as a generic sports watch , this adds in the ability to judge how strong the UV exposure is through high clouds , early/late in the day , etc. . Another plus is the readings to the tenth of a UVI - allows more accurate differentiation of things like the UV filtering effectiveness of sunglasses.I 've only had this for a few days , and it 's winter in the Northwest , so the highest reading I 've seen to date is 4.0 in full sun at noon , but I do expect this to be useful this summer , and wish I 'd had this with us during a recent trip to Hawaii , when I hid from the sun most of the day due to my dermatologist 's recommendation . But for anyone wanting to avoid skin cancer issues in later years -LRB- the upward curve for the incidence of melanoma is scary -RRB- this could be a very helpful device . Subtracted one star for not having a cumulative exposure option , but there is a peak UV option showing the max UV reading for whatever period you want.Note
 Between my wife and I , this is our third Raymond Weil Watch . We are totally satisfied with the accuracy and looks of these watches .
 I love this watch , It 's a nice size , I have a couple of others like it in different colors . It 's attractive and keeps accurate time.Other watches are heavy and hard to keep in place . This is really a nice one .
 This looks much better in real life than any of the pictures I saw before buying . You 'll probably need the link tool to resize the band which you 'll most likely need to do , unless you 're in those strongest man in the world competitions . On the one I received I did n't get all the directions on how to use it -LRB- but I downloaded what I needed -RRB- and it appears that the 30 minute hand is not working .
 Looks better than the photo . I 'm pretty sure this watch has been discontinued , but if you find it , It 'll be at a discount , and it 's definitely worth it . Accurate and impressive . Accutrons rarely dissapoint .
 I 've had this watch for about a month now and so far could not be happier . It is extremely well made , accurate , attractive , and very reasonably priced . A big plus is the dark colored hands which make them highly visible against the white background .
 Its much better than I expected . It wears well , nice weight . The watch arrived with a dead battery , but Amazon made it right .
 I own this watch . It is unique and very large -- gets much attention whenever I wear it . I had the same problem with the chronograph movement that the previous poster has . Although I am disappointed that the chronograph is not operating perfectly , I never wear this watch for that function so it makes little difference . It is so awesome in its size , weight and overall appearance that I continue to wear it . The blue hands on the white dial creates an expensive classy appearance while looking completely modern and maintaining the ` form follows function ' look that is characteristic of a pilot 's watch .
 This was a true hit . Something that any pilot or pilot want to be would sure to enjoy . Very beefy , wonderful craftmenship and signed . What else could you ask for . Oh , more then 50 % less on Amazon , that 's all . Super buy .
 I 've just got the watch this morning , so this is a kind of first impressions review.The watch looks and feels great . It looks just as good in real life as it does on the photographs . It does n't feel as big as some other chronographs , but not too small either . It looks just about right on my hand -LRB- I 've about medium sized hands -RRB- . The weight is just about right , though I must warn you that I do n't like ultra-light watches -LRB- so I might be biased here -RRB- . It looks fancy enough to go with a suit . It looks non-fancy enough to wear it when jogging.The watch arrived in a very nice , and relatively big black wooden -LRB- well , or at least very wood looking alike -RRB- case , which would make it a very nice looking present -LRB- inside and outside -RRB- . The chronograph can measure up to 12 hours , with hour hand that moves -LRB- jumps -RRB- in 1/2 hour increments . Most other chronographs I looked at can measure only 30-60 minutes , which in my opinion is a definition of an unusable chronograph . The ability to measure up to 12 hours was one of the reasons I decided on this particular model . The full circle of chronograph minute hand is 30 minutes , another nice feature . The chronograph can also measure split and lap times . Another nice touch.The watch is a bit complicated to setup , you 'll definitely need to open instructions booklet and follow instructions when setting it up the very first time . There are two clocks to setup -LRB- digital and analog -RRB- , which can be setup to show different times -LRB- for example , in different time zones -RRB- . I 'm not sure if alarm is tied with digital or analog clock -LRB- hopefully with later -RRB- . The date needs to be adjusted only on leap years -LRB- for February 29 -RRB- . It would be nice if the watch was taking care of that too . The minor complaint with setting the time is that when crown is pulled out , the seconds hand does not jump to zero position . It stays stopped wherever it happened to be when you pull the crown out . Instructions booklet says to wait for seconds hand to be at exactly the 0 position when pulling the crown out . Speaking of crown , it would be nice if it was screw-down type.I have only few very minor complaints about the watch.While sapphire crystal is a great value , the one used on this watch is not anti-reflective . The crystal is not flat , but rather curved . Curved crystal looks very nice , but it has some optical consequences . Because it is curved the small dials look a bit elliptical , and you ca n't read the time if you look at the watch at an extremely flat angle . Normally this is not an issue -LRB- you are not likely to look at the wrist watch at such an angle -RRB- . The 30-minute chronograph dial is a bit odd . While the full circle is only 30 minutes -LRB- a good thing , since it makes the very small dial much more readable -RRB- , it actually has 60 tick marks drawn on the dial , with every 5th tick mark specially marked . As if it was designed for 60-minute dial . So each tick mark on the dial corresponds to 1/2 minute . But the hand jumps from the minute to minute , so it never shows at those extra half-minute tick marks . Anyhow , the point of 30 versus 60-minute dial is readability . Placing 60 tick marks on it just makes it almost as unreadable as if it was normal 60-minute dial . Of course , since small minute hand jumps every two ticks -LRB- full circle is 30 minutes , and there are 60 ticks drawn on the dial -RRB- it results in some other weird things . For example , the hand always jumps over the specially marked 1 , 3 , 5 , 7 , 9 and 11 o'clock positions -LRB- they would correspond to 2.5 , 7.5 , 12.5 , 17.5 , 22.5 and 27.5 minutes -RRB- since the hand always shows only full minutes . I hope Bulova will redesign this dial in the future so that it has only 30 tick marks.I ca n't comment on the time keeping precision at this time , since I just got the watch today . I might update the review after some time.Said all that , I 'm very happy with my purchase . If I were looking for a new watch , I 'd choose this one again .
 I 've had my Breckenridge for ~ 4 years now . This review will supplement the earlier review by Aleksandar Milivojevic , which I mostly agree with.IMHO , this is the most handsome watch on the market . Its curved crystal and carbon fiber dial face are extremely good looking . Mine has come through its 4 years with only a few minor scratches on the bezel and bracelet , none on the crystal ! Its accuracy is good at ~ 10 sec/month gained.If you 're an auto racing fan , you should be aware that the chronograph function can perform `` Taylor Splits '' , i.e. , time consecutive laps , although there is no memory . This is a major advantage.Battery life has been mediocre at ~ 1.5 - 2 years.By my standards , this is a VERY heavy watch
 First relatively high-end watch I 've ever owned . Could not be happier with it . I love the look , feel , and functionality . I got a $ 2K Movado watch for Christmas and returned it to get this one instead , marked down to a fraction of that cost . I like the Accutron much better - and put the difference towards a new bike .
 I had my first Accutron decades ago . It was perhaps the first watch I had ever had that really kept `` perfect '' time.Perhaps for sentimental reasons , then , I looked at the Accutron line . I had looked at the Innsbruck -LRB- ? -RRB- model and felt it perhaps overpriced . At the time , my opinion of Accutron was that it was a very good timepiece , time keeping-wise , but just a so-so watch brand.I would have , at the time in question here , thought `` for the money , go with Tissot . `` My opinion after having purchased this watch from Amazon AND NOT PAYING the $ 625 list price one often pays at the local mall jewelry store for the Tissot brand -LRB- for a similar watch -RRB- , is that it is a bargain `` entry level , high end watch . `` The band , the clasp , the package all perhaps suggest Omega , Tag , Montblanc , Rado and the above mid-priced Tissot 's -LRB- I do have at least one or two of each of these , so this statement is made from first-hand experience . -RRB- The warranty , too , suggests a `` great timepiece . `` This is not an automatic watch , it is a Swiss made quartz . It has the look and feel -LRB- every piece of the package and the watch itself -RRB- of a watch that some mfgrs list at up to $ 1,000 . It is , not a tier one watch . I am not suggesting it is.This is perhaps not even a tier two watch , based on reputation.I would place it in the tier two category -- but I am not watch-o-phile , or whatever . I have about 15 watches . The most expensive is a Montblanc watch that I bought for about $ 2,300 . Many folks think that the starting point for `` real '' watches is $ 2,000 . By that measure , I have only two that qualify . Most of the watches I own are in the over $ 1,500 MSRP range.I have grown to appreciate sub $ 1,000 watches -- and Tissot and now Accutron -LRB- and perhaps Bulova -RRB- seem to be the purveyor of the best of the best in this price classs.This is a `` class '' and perhaps will become `` classic '' entry level sport lux watch.It is a steal here on Amazon , too .
 Not only is this watch very attractive , it is very rugged and well built . Highly recommended !
 This watch is a beautiful timepiece and a great value . I do n't think that anyone who appreciates watches will be disappointed . I have Rolexes , IWC 's , Tags and Guccis in my collection and this watch simply looks fantastic . It is more attractive than the Rolex Submariner for less than $ 500 . This is my first Accutron and I am impressed .
 elegant , it is extremely accurate , solidly made and very comfortable on the hand , crystal saphire , 200 meter water resistant . For me its a pretty much perfect watch . The price is very low . I recomend it for everybody .
 UPDATE 9/16/11-Finally had to have the battery replaced . Took the watch to a jeweler in Albuquerque , New Mexico and he noted that he had just replaced the battery in an $ 1,100.00 Tag Heuer which had the indentical movement and battery as my watch . What a deal!I found this timepiece to be a wonderful combination of craftsmanship , elegance , style , looks , and practicality . Much attention was paid to the little details ; the two-tone blue face with white sub-dials is stunning , and the highly polished bezel contrasts nicely with the brushed finish of the band . Not a watch for a small person or wrist ; I 'm 6 ft with a medium frame and the watch just fits me without overwhelming my arm . It has a nice feature for you travelers ; you can change just the hour hand as you cross time zones without stopping the movement or affecting the minute hand . Looks , feels , and performs like a much more expensive watch . My first Accutron but not my last . This model has been discontinued by Bulova so get 'em while you can .
 This is one great looking watch . Clearly much attention was made to the design & making of this timepiece . I usually do n't like large watches but this one is well balanced for size & weight . You owe it to yourself to own at least one quality watch & this one should be it .
 I 'm so happy for purchase this watch , is very elegant , small for clothing formal , is beautiful .
 The Concord watch design speaks for itself , defining understated luxury with subtle sophistication and an exquisite attention to quality and detail . Most people considering a Concord Mariner are looking for a quality , sleek timepiece , that does n't border on being ostentatious or pretentious . Buying from Amazon ensures an authentic timepiece at a great price .
 Classy watch . Great value . There are so many choices in a Movado watch . We are very pleased with this particular watch as we wanted something dressy but not ostentatious . Also the price was roughly half of retail and delivery was quick , as promised .
 This watch is absolutely stunning !!! It has the classic museum Movado face and the gold-toned bezel and bracelet gives it a very distinguished look . I would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a dress watch .
 I cant believe i got this for $ 165 but when i got i would have paid even $ 300 or $ 400 . great features and very pretty.another nice watch added to my collection .
 I had noticed this in a couple major jewelry retailer 's cases a while back . I had checked it out in person and knew the retail price of $ 1100 . Figured I 'd stick to my small collection of ESQ 's and just admire this one from afar , until completely by chance , I found this for $ 169 brand new from World Of Watches by way of Amazon.Long , cheesy story short ... I greedily bought this for myself as a Christmas present -LRB- just doing my part to help the economy that 's left me laid off -RRB- . I love the seamless band -LRB- when clasped -RRB- , the weight is nothing short of perfect . You know it 's there , but it 's not bulky at all . The diamonds are small , but of great color and clarity and surprisingly brilliant . Perfect for dressy occasions.Highly recommend .
 This Accutron is really a gret value for the money a very exspensive watchAnd i have had many great comments on it . I reccomend anyone to get this Accutron by Bulova . Bob
 This watch was everything i 'd expected the diamonds are beautiful and the watch is great quality cant beat it ! My husband loved it !
 This is a nice watch . My only issues with it is that it does n't have a screw-down crown -LRB- it 's push-down -RRB- , and the case and outer edges of the band are brushed rather than shiny like the rest of the watch . But its definitely an attention getter .
 Iam very satisfye with the Accutron Marsella . The quality of this watch is first rate .
 My husband bought this watch -LRB- Accutron 26R30 -RRB- as a Christmas present for me on Amazon . I had picked it out earlier , but did n't see it in person until Christmas day . The watch is beautiful and I love it . It was set to the correct day , which was a nice touch . I am a little queasy about it not being from an authorized dealer , but so far it is looking great and working well . It has a large face , but not so large that it is clunky looking . The whole watch , the crystal , the face and the tiny diamonds sparkle in the sun .
 The watch is a beautiful , yet subtle , piece of nostalgia . The rectangular face stands out in a sea of round faces . The minute marks around the face , when held up to the light , resemble the hyper-space star field when any ship in the Star Wars films enters light speed . Very nice touch . The band is very comfortable , and real leather . The metal watch clasp also has the Star Wars logo indented on it . I recommend this item for any fan of the films that does n't want a watch that looks like a child 's . The box that accompanies the watch is extremely luxurious . It is about 12 '' in length and 3 '' in width . It is a black liqueur color and the film posters on the top are pristine . It can be used to hold any number of men 's jewelry . This is really two items for the price of one !
 For the price , this is a great watch . I love watches . This was just another to my collection . Nice design .
 I currently have two Bulova watches that are at least 10-12 years old that ran for five years before I had to replace the batteries . Therefore , having trusted the Bulova brand , that is what I started searching for when I wanted a new watch with a larger dial , date feature , and a second hand . I ordered my new watch on Tuesday evening and it arrived tonight , Thursday in perfect condition . I love the convenience of Amazon Prime . Simply stated this watch is beautiful , the photo in Amazon does not do it justice . I checked this same watch on various other sites and was glad to note that the true colors showed up much better . The dial face , pearl , is slightly tinted shades of pearly pink or it may be the reflection of the rose gold numeral markers and inner lining of the bezel . The rose gold color is a lovely contrast to the buffed silver . The description also talks about the contrast of the diamonds on the brass bezel . This watch does not have a brass bezel , it is the rose gold color . I have no issue with the diamonds size , as they are accents only . The watch is not too heavy on my wrist but I will need to have a few links taken out of the bracelet . The Amazon description of the clasp is in error however as it stated it has a deployment clasp with push button . This watch does not have the push button . I could tell this when I reviewed the extra pictures that are included by Amazon and viewed the clasp . I was concerned about this type of clasp until a clerk at a jewelry store showed me how to put my index finger between the band and the clasp back to pop it open . The only negative I have noted thus far is that the numbers in the date box are very small and hard to read . I saw this same concern noted by another reveiw on a different Bulova.Bulova Women 's 98R133 Mother of Pearl Dial 24 Diamonds Case Bracelet WatchI am totally pleased with my purchase and know my cost was at least $ 100 - $ 150 less than other sites I checked . I could not even find this watch in the jewelry stores I checked .
 I really love this Birthday gift , but I was a little disappointed in the watch itself . The photo shows the diamonds larger than they acctually look , and the rose gold is not as bright . I took alot of time in choosing this particular watch , it was shipped pronto , but I do wish it took a more liking to the photo of it . I will , although , remain a devoted Amazon.com customer . They do have the best prices and selections , and are true to their delivery promises . My whole family has accounts .
 This watch is perfect in every way ! I love the look , the face is easy to read , it keeps perfect time , and is a wonderful combination of rose and white gold tones . The diamonds are the perfect touch !
 I saw a very similar Bulova watch in a department store Black Friday ad for $ 50 more ! This watch was exactly as described , came on time and looks great on ! I like that i can wear it with silver and gold jewelry . I could not be happier with it .
 I think part of why this watch is priced so low is because it is labeled as being `` orange . '' The picture looked awfully pink to me , so I checked , and Bulova/Accutron does n't make this watch in orange , and the model number is that of pink watch . I thought my wife would love this watch in pink , and the price was lower than anywhere else I could find -LRB- again , I think in part because they have it listed as being `` orange '' -RRB- , so I went ahead and bought it on the hopes it would be the pink one . And when it arrived , sure enough , it was . I have n't given it to her yet , but I am very impressed with the watch . It is clearly well made , and of good quality materials . I know just enough about watches to know that Accutron is a very well respected name in the just-sub-luxury watch category . I would recommend the watch generally , and Amazon had the lowest price I could find on it .
 I love this watch . The color is half way between orange and pink . On top of that it was a good deal , $ 99.99 .
 I like the watch . . It looks very nice , although its smaller than I have expected it to be . But overall the watch is made of good quality material . I got it on sale for $ 99.00 . : - -RRB-
 I purchased this watch for my wife , it has instantly become her favorite . She gets many compliments and I 've gotten lot 's of credit for making the selection . The only problem is , she now wants several other color bands !! The looks and build quality are great , I highly recommend this item .
 Very nice watch and great price . The band is more pink than orange which is good .
 I was skeptical to purchase a watch over the internet because sometimes how a product looks on the ` net ' might not be how it actually looks face to face . I was not disappointed . All the elegant features are there for this watch . I thought again that it might be a bit too big but let me make it clear that while bigger than the usual , it is fabulous , I ca n't see myself going back to those smaller watches . This watch is an eye catcher that demands a second glance . The only reason I would not recommend this product is to keep it unique for me -LRB- selfish -RRB-
 I 've had this watch for going on 8 years . Replaced the battery twice . It has never needed any maintenance , nor has it had the leaking issue others pointed out . Sadly , when I bought this watch , I paid close to list for it . I can only assume the price is so low because it 's an older model now . I get tons of compliments on this watch . The face appears to be very scratch resistant as I 've banged it on walls , counters , etc numerous times . Great deal !
 This watch has a beautiful blue color background . I have accidentally banged it against the wall a few times , almost giving myself a heart attack , but it does not get scratched at all . I am really happy with its quality and elegance .
 I purchased this watch for my wife and she wears it proably 2-3 days out of the week . She 's had it approximately 3yrs and it has help up well . No problems with water getting into the watch like the other reviewer.The size is good for a women with petite hands . My wife is only 5 ' 3 '' tall and it looks great on her small hands with fair skin . The watch keeps excellent time and I believe we 've never had to replace the battery since we received the watch , which is a bit unusual.I love Accutron and Bulova watches . I personally own 3 other watches from this company and have no issues with them .
 Substantial yet elegant , casual watch for my Wife 's thin wrist ; we had to remove two links on each side to make it fit perfectly . Simple and rather shiny ; ca n't comment on timekeeping accuracy as we 've only had for a week . So far , five stars easily .
 Excellent opportunity to purchase a luxury watch for the price of a normal , I could make an amazing gift at a reasonable cost .
 Bought this watch as a gift for my wife . The watch is great and looks very good on my wife 's wrist ! All Baume & Mercier ; are fine watches.The only thing is ... it did n't come with the International Certificate Card issued by the manufacturer Baume & Mercier ; as when you buy on a store.I addressed this concern to Amazon , and they told me that i do get a 2-year warranty issued by Amazon . Although they did n't mention this anywhere , we 're very glad with our purchase .
 Hey all , Honest mistake on behalf of the other two reviewers -LRB- it obviously is being sold as a men 's watch here on Amazon -RRB- , but this is a women 's watch . My fianc&eacute; has owned this for about 2 years and loves it.Pros -LRB- from her -RRB- : - Casual or dressy - Easy to change bands - Beautiful face that is the perfect size for her little female wrist - Battery lasts a couple years -LRB- I did have to replace it last month -RRB- - Well built , with a screw-on back casingCons -LRB- again , from her -RRB- : - band colors that it comes with are n't very versatile - can be difficult to find replacement/additional bands - that 's it -LRB- she loves it -RRB- Hope this helps . I 'm also uploading a picture of my men 's Accutron Curacao watch -LRB- model 63B129 -RRB- . The guys here may find that more up their alley ... happy watch hunting .
 This watch I gave to my wife.She 's very active . Goes jogging and swimming , everyday , and the watch works very well.It 's six months since I gave her the watch , She uses it everyday , 24 hours a day , and the watch still looks shiny , and keeping good time.The only con I found , is the luminous material , it does n't work very well , but for that price , I could n't expect everything to be perfect .
 The watch is nice if not a bit to large . Invicta makes great automatic watches which are nice looking , sturdy , and of high overall quality for the price . The MAJOR problem with the Ocean Ghost is its FAR to small date window with no magnifier . The lack of sufficient luminescent features is also a shortfall although , even if it 's supposed to be a dive watch , I doubt anyone would use it for any serious diving . It is a fine sport dress watch none the less . < Danny >
 Dise & ntilde ; ado para las personas de gran estatura -LRB- 1,90 m -RRB- , buen grosor , un reloj relativamente pesado , dise & ntilde ; o sencillo y elegante sin mucho detalle . 100 % recomendado !
 I got this watch for $ 40 , it would sell at Macy 's for over $ 90 . Same quality . Overall a great value .
 IM a Guy , the stereotype would say that I love car 's , Audio equipment and Watches , Im a perfect fit for that stereotype.Over the years I have owned way too much of each ! In the Watch Department , Breitling , Panerai and Omega , are among many other names to be found . Enough with the bragging ! The only watch I ever received a complement on has been this one , and more importantly it was from a very lovely woman , MY WIFE ! Ascetically this is a very handsome piece , and being an accutron meets all the requirements for Pedigree . Swiss works -LRB- quartz -RRB- and Swiss made.It really is a beautiful watch ... HOWEVER , it does have short comings . Very poor illumination on hands for viewing even in theatre light , impossible to read in very dark conditions and if important , the Chrono is only good for 1.1 / 2hrs . Overall , for what was paid I would consider this a 9 out of 10 .
 Looks like a 6000 $ watch . Lots of compliments . Perfect shaped . lays perfect on wrist . Very difficult to find as it is no longer made.http : / / www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000H264RE/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title
 I bought this watch for my husband , -LRB- he picked it out -RRB- he loves it and the seller was great .
 WE LOVE THIS WATCH ... THE ONLY TWO COMMENTS I HAVE ARE THESE :1 . THE BACK DOES NOT ALLOW FOR ENGRAVING TOO EASILY AND THERE IS NO LID SO YOU HAVE TO SQUEEZE YOUR ENGRAVED WORDS BETWEEN THE RATHER LARGE `` KENNETH COLE '' NAME WHICH IS ENGRAVED ON THE BACK .2 . THE CHAIN CONNECTOR , A `` U '' SHAPED DEVICE PULLED OUT EASILY FROM THE BASE OF THE TOP OF THE WATCH ... WE HAD TO PUT IT BACK TOGETHER SO WE COULD RECONNECT THE CHAIN . MY FATHER IS ELDERLY , AND IN A NURSING HOME AND HAS TO HAVE THE CHAIN FUNCTIONING PROPERLY OR HE WOULD LOSE THE WATCH.OTHER THAN THESE TWO FLAWS , WE LOVE THE WATCH-MY FATHER CHERISHES IT !
 After giving up on step counting because the pedometers I had were not accurate my sweetie got me this one . After 4 months of usage this is one of the most accurate step counters I have ever encountered . The only time I have had any problems is in winter with my big coat on - if I wear on hip the bulk of the coat short-counts . NOTE this does not have a clock like many others
 i am extremely pleased with this timex product.i also ordered a strap with which to connect to my waist band of my jeans what this does is make sure you do n't lose your timexboth products work 100 % .
 I 'm new on the automatic watches department , so the only thing i can say is that it is huge , heavy , nice looking , quality build , accurate -LRB- mine gains only 3 seconds per day -RRB- , it is a good one for dudes , i will get the yellow and the black one in the next month , MM , what else ... did i say great watch ? ...
 I just got my Invicta 3045 in blue . Wow ! This thing is a beast ! It 's heavy and solid . I just love the feel and look of it . I 'm a big guy , about 6 feet 3 inches and about 230 , so I think the watch fits me well.Pros are the sturdy feel , the tight yet smooth turn while winding it and setting the time , the overall finish and the price.The only cons I could think of are the `` diver '' emblems on the band and on the face . They seem to clutter the look of a very attractive watch . Also , the diving watch look is pretty well known . I just do n't see a need for the emblems.I will let the review board know how it keeps time in a month or two.Overall , it 's an excellent value and I would recommend this product.Two weeks later and I still love the watch . The clasp is getting a little easier to open and I 've noticed no error in its accuracy . This is a fine watch . I 'll be buying Invicta again.As of 12/26/2012 , it still works perfectly and I 'm still very happy with my purchase . It 's a great value by any measure .
 This is my second Invicta Pro Diver watch . The first lasted 4-5 years and got lost swimming in a slide rock channel . My wrist hit the rock when I slipped and fell and the clasp or one of the pins must have let go . It slid down the rock into the water but I could not find it in the shifting sand.I 'm in construction and abused that watch in every way possible . I 'd replaced the crystal twice and the bezel once . The crystal sticks out at three o'clock -LRB- magnification to see the date -RRB- and that is the first point of impact when brushing up against anything . Same issue with the blue bezel , the blue wore off . I was getting ready to replace it again when the watch left me . I use the bezel as a timer daily.Anyway , loved the old watch , kept great time , everyone thought it very nice . `` Watch People '' who care about what they are wearing thought it was a nice watch , and were always curious how much it cost . As it was a gift I had no idea but the price I paid here makes it a deal.It is very heavy and the body is somewhat large . It took me awhile to get used to the size -LRB- which is smaller than a lot of Invicta 's I 've seen -RRB- and my wrists are not small .
 excellent watch sharp looking and glows in the dark very intensely really nice watch at a reasonable price im totally satisfied with it
 Luminosity is below average and a full charge last less than 36 hours . If you do n't plan on wearing this watch every day , invest in a winder . I can only estimate the accuracy based on two days , but it was within a few seconds . I 'm a small guy , but after removing 5 links from the band , I find that I hardly even notice I am wearing it -LRB- I normally wear a $ 20 Casio with a velcro band for work -RRB-
 Automatic - One of my multiple Invictas , Eco-Zilla , Seiko , etc. . . and I like getting it out to wear with a suit . Smaller than my Russian Divers , Bubble date is easy to read . Only question that I have for Invicta is why these bracelets are bigger than the poly straps on my 52mm divers ? Seriously , I had to remove links from my Subaqua , and this one - while my Diver 's are on the last hole . Watch garners compliments - hard to sell the purchase price of 109 to the Rolo crowd . If you took the time to read the reviews - it 's an excellent buy from Invicta .
 this watch is so distinctive and nice looking.i like the quality for the price and it keeps perfect time too .
 Very pleased with this watch . Under $ 100 bucks , keeps time well , and looks great . Ever wonder why the photo for a time piece shows 10:10 ? It looks like the watch is smiling .
 It made a wonderful Christmas gift . HE collects Invicta watches so this was a perfect addition to his collection . Looking for another unique watch for Father 's day as we speak !!
 I found this unit , # 3045 on a shopnbc marathon over Holidays - a gift for myself ! I LOVE IT !! The shipping special was freewith a nice WP storage case , though did take 4 wks to arrive . This watch ` is ' quite the conversation piece . The classy blue is reallya ` BEEFY ' unit - love the engraving on sides . I 've always been a Seiko and Citizen man - now a 3way with INVICTA!My brother will retire this year - would love to get him one !!
 Husbands review - Great gift ! Exactly what I had been looking for . I sold an Omega Seamaster a few years back and I really missed that watch . It was truly a great timepiece . As much as I liked the Omega I had no desire to shell out that kind of money again for a watch . i looked for some time for a nice sized , auto diver without chrono and this watch had the exact look I wanted . This watch reminds me so much of my Omega yet feels more substantial . My Omega felt top heavy and often tried to spin on my wrist . The weight of this watch and the band is so well balanced and after removing links actually fits more snug than I could ever get my Omega to fit . This is a big watch but not too big -LRB- 46mm-47mm is the perfect size I think -RRB- . As for appearance it is really a show stopper . The two tone stainless and the brilliant blue really pop . Most people seeing this watch for the first time mistake it for a higher end watch . The long and short of it is this is a really nice watch for the money . Some have felt the band and clasp are insufficient but I have to disagree . Same mechanism design as the Omega Seamaster and works like a champ . As for durability I have had no issues and even if I do for what I paid -LRB- less than $ 100 -RRB- I can have 25 of them compared with an Omega . If you are looking for a great looking timepiece and are n't ruled by your ego the Invicta 3045 is a great choice .
 I typically wear a Timex Ironman but wanted to add a little more sophistication to the wardrobe . This watch meets the challenge . Beautiful and sporty look . The face and ring are a fine fighter pilot deep blue and is easy to read in and out of the water . The watch is heavy with girth . The stainless steel outer and band add the bling . I took a star away because the directions that came in the box are generic which adds a little confusion to setting the watch for the first time . Also , there were no directions on how to fit the band . All and all a fine addition to the wardrobe .
 The Invicta Grand Diver 3045 is a very large , solid watch . I think they made them specifically for football players and Navy Seals . You 'll see what I mean if you take a look at the picture I 've attached of my husband wearing it - he 's 6 ' 3 '' and 185 pounds . He put it on and mentioned the need to start weight lifting.The silvery blue of the watch face is brilliant and very eye-catching . This is definitely a sporty watch , and you would n't wear it with any kind of business or formal clothing . I look at this watch and the feel is one of wearing it out on a boat with blue waters and bright sunlight and ... the person wearing it is Alex O'Loughlin of Hawaii Five-O . The funny thing is that Daniel Dae Kim wears one that is more in line with this watch . See pics on imdb from Hawaii Five-O . The luminous phosphorescent glow on this watch is wonderful . It does run a few seconds fast in a day.All in all , a beefy watch !
 I must say I am impressed with this watch , paying only 150 USD . I have owned a Breitling Colt Automatic and ORIS TT1 Diver , and this is almost as great in quality . Heavy and solid , it works just as good as the more expensive watches . And looks great too . I am very happy I bought it .
 I recieved my Grand Diver about 3-4 days ago and I could not be happier w / it . I currently own a Breitling Chronomat Evolution , which is a great watch , but I was wearing it everyday and needed a second watch to mix up the wearing time with . I found the Grand Diver , read the reviews on it , then bought it . The 47mm case is large and bold , -LRB- it looks similiar to the Omega Seamaster -RRB- . The weight of the watch is heavy , just like my Evolution . For the money you just ca n't beat the looks and the quality of this.Invicta Men 's Pro Diver Collection Grand Diver Automatic Watch # 3045I am very pleased thus far , and if all goes well , I will be searching for other Invicta products very soon .
 I 'm very pleased with this watch . Looks great , nice and heavy , fairly smooth automatic movement and feels good to wear . I have received several compliments already and my buying experience was good . Have only had it a few weeks , but so far no problems mechanically . I would definitely buy another Invicta , in fact already have my eye on a few . This is a bigger watch but not too big , good proportions . I feel this watch has great value for the money . A lot of the high end dive watches are just too small for my taste . Thumbs up .
 my husband loved the watch It is elegant and classy . I love it as well . Was thinking about ordering more for myself and my daughter.Awesome !
 I will buy another Invicta . . this is my first and i like everything about it , Big heavy and tough . . keeps great time.this is what a watch should be . .
 The first surprise was the huge impressive box and the second that it was an automatic . I have the white face with yellow didgets and I have had nothing but compliments when wearing it . My friend spent over a $ 1000 in a Seconda and can not believe the value and looks this watch has ! At the price I should have bought more than one !
 Saludos.Estoy Muy contento con mi nuevo Invicta Gran Diver , es un gran relocpara el precio . tengo un reloc Omega , y este tambien entra en la competenciaSuiza .
 Great underrated diver 's watch , and it comes with the latest & greatest automatic movement ... the NH35A ... . which allows hacking and manual winding -- making it everything you 'd want in an automatic movement . Construction and quality are excellent.One downside is that even though I have large wrists -LRB- 8 '' circumference -RRB- this watch felt cumbersome to wear . I think it was the thickness & weight more than the actual watch face size . I have a Seiko `` Frankenmonster '' that is about the same size , but feels much less bulky on my wrist .
 I have purchased and worn Invicta watches for the past several years and I have been extremely impressed with the quality of their workmanship . This watch Is no different especially the patented Invicta Blue face and bezel it really pops with color like no other watch , in fact the online pictures definitely do not do it justice . The size of the watch and weight are perfect for a gentlemen with large or small wrists . I own several expensive watches from the top name brands and I receive more compliments when I wear my Invicta . I really love the watch and you will too when you get it home !!!!
 This is one of the better Invicta watches . The Japanese automatic self-winding movement works properly and never needs a battery . Build and finish on the watch was excellent , considering the low price . Big and Heavy ! This is a real dive watch , not a fashion watch . Solid Stainless Steel .
 This is a very nice looking watch . It looks like the quality timepiece that it is . It 's got the heft to prove that it 's built from solid , surgical-grade stainless steel . It 's a cinch to operate , you just set the time once and it 's self winding -LRB- no battery , but powered by wrist movements -RRB- - but you have to wear it , since if you let it sit for a few days it slows down . -LRB- Note that it comes big , so unless you 've got enormous forearms , you 'll need to take it to a jeweler to fit it , or adjust it yourself like I did after looking up how to do it online ; even though I have large wrists I had to remove two of the links before I could adjust this to fit just right . -RRB- The crown locks down , which helps ensure the water resistance . You just unscrew it and pull it out to set the time and date . It 's bare bones as far as features go , but that adds to the elegant simplicity . There 's no alarm clock , no calculator , no digital timer , no multiple time zones . It just tells the time and the date , and the rotating bezel allows you use it as a timer -LRB- just rotate it to line up with the minute hand and wait until it reaches a deadline up to sixty minutes -RRB- . I have to say , I 'm not a Pro Diver . I do n't ever expect to wear this underwater to 300 meters . I use it to tell time - and I do n't always wear it since it is a bit heavy . You do feel its weight when you wear it , which is kind of cool , but could be a bit of a distraction for everyday use . I think of it more like a useful ornament that I 'll wear when I dress up . For most days , I 've got a much less expensive plastic digital watch with some of the frills they decided - probably wisely - that for the purposes of this watch were just not necessary .
 I have had this watch for 4 or 5 years , -LRB- can not remember what year I bought it -RRB- . All and all it has been a good watch . It is large , but I am a big guy so I do not really notice the size . It has been in the water a lot , no problems . Was not two worried about the band clasp , when I dive it is under my wet suit . It has not come undone while I swim laps . I have two objections to this watch ; 1 . The bezel scratches easily -LRB- I am hard on watches , the good news the crystal still looks good -RRB- 2 . The automatic movement does not seem to be compatible with watch winders . I have tried two different winders , neither would keep it wound . It stays wound while you wear it . Because the bezel is so beat up I have been using it as a work watch , it is a sturdy watch .
 Great watch . Classic look . Great attention to detail.I have n't had any issues with the clasp . In fact , I remember complementing the clasp to my wife when it first arrived in the mail , so I only include a comment on it because it was mentioned in other reviews . Maybe Invicta addressed the issue ? It has literally never come loose.Also , the review mentioning the scratch-prone crystal must be a prior model , because the flame fusion crystal is awesome . I have already banged the crystal sufficient to gouge ordinary crystal , and it is still unblemished.It does look a little purple in some light , but not most.Overall awesome .
 Great watch , very solidly made and an eye catcher ! It 's big , so it makes a statement . It keeps great time and the Miyota movement is very reliable . You just ca n't beat this watch for the price!One downside to Invicta ... the service dept. I ordered an extra link for another watch over a month ago , and it still has not arrived ... even after being told the part was in stock !
 Very solid well made watch , keeps good time . Decent size on the wrist , very handsome .
 I have been looking for an Invicta Grand Diver for some time and really wanted to get hold of the orange dial model , but was n't able to . I spotted this one on Amazon and despite being a bit unsure about what looks like a purple dial on my monitor I bought it - was very pleased when it arrived to see that it is more blue than purple ! The watch and case are just what I wanted , something big and solid , but at the same time plain and simple . The movement keeps pretty good time now it has settled down a bit and is only off by a few seconds over 24 hours.The missing fifth star for me arises from the poor quality of the bracelet and clasp . For a case this size I feel Invicta should have used something bigger with a much better quality clasp , which gives absolutely no confidence and appears very thin and is nothing like the quality Seiko manage to achieve.Overall , I 'm very pleased with my purchase and the service to the UK from Amazon was excellent , but I would not be as happy had I paid anything like the receommended retail !
 I did some research on these watches and decided that the INVICTA 3045 Grand Diver had the accuracy and water resistance that I wanted . About two months ago I ruined a dress watch that leaked snorkeling at the beach and that is n't going to happen again . This watch is heavy , with a massive frame and only the one stem penetration with the screw in feature should guard against leakage . The only feature that I do not like is the band . The advertisement states it has a `` diver 's buckle with safety clasp . '' If it were not for the safety clasp , there is no way that the closure mechanism would stay closed . As it is , I just do n't have that secure feeling as if it were a manual release . It is solid , but the finished quality is very poor . There are enough sharp edges on the band and the clasp that I could fillet myself . It just does n't look finished . The band design is very close to the type used by the Seiko Chronograph and I am looking to have it replaced . Otherwise , the blue face is n't done justice by the photos on the web , it is very brilliant . It is a keeper , but that band is history , diving helmet or not . Update on that band , it finally broke , the little locking tab snapped off and the watch tried to fall off my wrist . Nobody wants to work on this watch , nobody has a replacement and the Invicta people will gladly ship one to me from Europe for 80 bucks + . Of course this will be the same exact band of poor quality with no positive locking device . Be aware ! The watch is still decent , gains 5 minutes each week , but is a solid piece of machinery that is still dry after a day or two at the beach.UPDATE ! I have had this for several years now . Still runs a wee bit fast but has never failed me . No repairs and I found a Velcro watchband that works just fine . The only metal band you can put on this is OEM , not cheap and not a high quality bracelet . But I never take this off in the ocean , beaten and scratched it just adds character to a really great timepiece .
 I 've had this watch for a week and I absolutely LOVE it . If you like watches that are big , heavy , solid , eye catching , then THIS IS THE WATCH FOR YOU . I 'd read many of the reviews on Amazon , and even watched a scathing review of Invicta on youtube regarding their poor customer service offerings . I 'd even read about some of the complaints related to this watch.My experience was different and positive . It was absolutely HUGE coming out of the box , but if you have built forearms or hands , it looks great . The build quality on my watch was solid . Everything worked as promised and it has exceeded all my expectations for what a nice watch should be . It 's easily my favorite watch in my collection . I hope your experience was as good as mine.Oh ... i almost forgot , the downsides to the watch , all those shiny , polished bits of stainless steel in the band scratch easily . I 'm meticulous about my watches , but already i can see minute scratches . It 's not knock against the watch , just a fact of life regarding polished finishes .
 I bought this on Amazon after looking around the internet for a few weeks . It arrived faster than the tracking numbers indicated ! Amazon continues to impress me.The Invicta Grand Diver is awesome . It looks like a million bucks . The small details like the logo on the second hand , divers on the band and engraving really set it apart from other divers . The size and weight are truly outstanding for a watch that costs less than $ 200 , and it seems well constructed.This watch is now the workhorse of my collection of 15 watches . It keeps good time for a Japanese auto movement and holds a charge for about 36 hours . I do not use a winder for this watch , just wind it when I want to wear it and go . UPDATE ! I got a winder from Brookstone and it keeps the watch accurate . If I go a few days between wearing the time difference is non-existant . When it sat while I was away for 2 weeks it was only off by a minute or two.Overall , I would recommend it , but I do not want anyone else to have one and take attention away from mine !
 As an avid watch-a-holic , I ran across a ShopNBC Invicta Watch Info Hour . As a died in the wool , Citizen and Seiko lover , I had to admit that the designs for the Invicta watches were pretty impressive . But , I read some of the reviews and they were less than impressive , especially for their lower end watches and subsequent customer service . So , I saw a few watches that I liked and did some research , I really liked the the Invicta Reserve Grand Lume and the Grand Diver 3045 . I called shopnbc and they really do n't offer next day service . They did offer `` expedited delivery '' which would get it to me a week from 2013 . So , shopnbc is not on my sellers list . But , I have always been VERY pleased with the service and warranty given by Amazon . That extra 30 days is outstanding and THEIR service is the best in the land ! So , if I were to pull the Invicta trigger , that would be the best way to go forward.I just received my new -LRB- 1st -RRB- Invicta Grand Diver 3045 WITH the Seiko NH35A movement which is a really sound/stable movement . In fact , unlike the description shown here , it is a 24 jewel movement -LRB- not 21 -RRB- that can be hacked and wound by hand . It would appear that Invicta has been reading these reviews because the face , the band and clasp are of a top notch quality and materials . This is a beautiful quality watch for the money . Now at present , my Citizen Blue Angels watch is my favorite time piece , we shall see if this really nice watch is more than just a hand bag for munchkins !? UPDATE
 Clearly a great looking watch . A tremendous value from Invicta , The Grand Diver makes a very bold statement with its absolutely huge face . The Blueface and sweeping automatic second hand looks great . At night the glow is probably the brightest I have ever seen . You can see this watch from across the room in the dark . The watch feels the same quality and weight of Rolex , Omega , Movado with a thick casing that sits boldly on your wrist.The first thing a person will do when meeting another person for the first time is look at their watch and their shoes . If a guy has on a very nice suit , but then has a ho-hum watch it just kind of blows the first impression . I know it sounds shallow but that 's life and you only get one chance to make a first impression . The Invicta makes a great first impression.I get many compliments on the watch 's size -LRB- makes others look small -RRB- and great looks . Some of my co-workers who have spent more money on the Omega Seamaster have looked at my watch and liked it better . With the Invicta you can wear it anywhere and it will last forever and hold up to the toughest abuse.All in all , if your looking for a great looking , WOW Factor Watch , but have more important things to spend your money on , -LRB- Lets face it , they all do the same thing-and that 's tell time -RRB- The Invicta Grand Diver is a no brainer!Don ' t take my word for it go to Invicta 's website and see how they build their watches . Invicta truly is a quality watch company with styles from classic understated elegance to cutting edge design and technology .
 `` I had the venerable 8926 , which is the 40mm version ... fantastic , but too small . Then I got the 43mm version Pro Diver ... also fantastic , but I still wanted something larger for my 8.25 '' wrist . I finally went with the Grand Diver , and I am absolutely thrilled . It is exactly what I wanted . It has the classic `` Sub '' design , the ultra-reliable Miyota automatic movement , and unlike other reviewers , I find the build quality to be solid . I have about 25 watches in my collection , and this one easily gets the most wrist time . It has become my favorite , and I would highly recommend it to anyone with a large wrist who wants a big , heavy , bold watch that makes a fantastic statement without being to gaudy or `` blingy '' . A + + + ''
 I just received this watch after much research and thought behind purchase.I had heard mixed reviews of Invicta . I am a professional diver and operate a shark diving company in California . I am in the water a lot ! I have a passion for good dive watches under $ 500.00 . I own them all -LRB- except a Rolex of course -RRB- ... Seiko -LRB- Orange Monster -RRB- , Bulova -LRB- Marine Star -RRB- , the list goes on and on.If -LRB- I hope -RRB- first impressions hold , I have to say I am VERY impressed with this watch . The size , weight , movement , look , and feel all tell me this is a quality watch . Even though it is heavier than my Seiko OM , it is more comfortable on my wrist and the look far surpasses many of my other nice dive watches.I am planning on making this my new `` go-to '' every day and every dive watch . I 'll update my review again after I put this big bad boy to the test in the ocean . But , so far so great ... and I love this watch !
 first order for this watch was not as represented . info stated new ah35 movement , i got last years model with older myota works . also , did not appear to be a fresh , new watch . possibly returned for the same reason . re-ordered and was sent the right model ... all 's well that ends well . dw
 I did a lot of research on this watch before buying it . I have heard that Invicta has had some quality issues in the past ... but this watch is FANTASTIC ! People love the watch and ask me about it . Has good weight and looks impressive on the wrist . The face is a beautiful electric blue ... great to look at ! No complaints ! Highly recommend this watch ... you wont find a better watch for the price .
 This is a great watch . I 've always wanted at least one big , thick and heavy watch and this one one will probably last a lifetime . I wear it around the house and out and about . Do n't wear it sleeping as it 's weight is heavy enough to cut off your arm 's circulation overnight , otherwise it 's great for those of us who want to wear a big bold watch to match our egos and personalities.The only improvement that I would recommend is for Invicta to improve it 's customer service and address the inability of watch owners to register their watches online for the warranty that it comes with .
 I received the watch and thought how heavy the box was . When opened it was absolutely gorgeous . The only thing was the size -LRB- huge -RRB- . If I was 6 ' 5 `` it would be perfect . To bad I really liked it !!!
 I have been looking for one of these at a good price for a long time . You ca n't go wrong with the Lupah Diver Chrono . Looks , weight , durability , and accuracy . I own several high-quality watches , and used to be a jeweler . This watch is top-notch ... over 60 % swiss made . I like the band , clasp , and Lupah jewel . Date is easy to read and the rotating bezel is also mechanically accurate
 The standard 8926 is listed in Invicta 's 2008 catalog as having a 43mm diameter and this 3044 is listed as having a 47mm diameter crown , which does n't seem like much difference , just 4mm . Well , the 4mm makes a huge difference . The images in Invicta 's catalog do n't come close to showing how big the face of this watch is , compared to the standard 8926 . Also with the bigger face , the luminous hour markers are bigger than those on the 8926 , making the face brighter and easier to read in the dark . The bracelet is scaled bigger too , compared to the bracelet on the 8926 , 22mm vs 20mm . The hinge on the bracelet is a precision made hinge instead of the stamped sheet hinge of the 8926 . The exhibition case back , as on the 8926 , is a nice touch for us automatic watch fans . The watch has a diving helmet on the face and band . The Invicta name is prominent on the face , side of the case and clasp . The scalloped edge bezel similar to an Omega . It is a pretty watch on it 's own , styled much like classic Swiss diving watches . The automatic movement , especially with the viewing window on the back of the case , is for us old school automatic watch enthusiasts . Being an automatic it will not keep time as precise as a quartz watch . I have found mine to be one minute per week fast , which is acceptable for an automatic for me . I was looking for an automatic diver with a big easy to read face , classic styling , reasonably priced , this works for me .
 Huge !!! This watch is gigantic . Very commanding , lots of compliments . Runs a little fast about 5 min a month . Great value . I would buy more Invictas anytime !
 Received my watch last week and I love it.It is very large and heavy . It looks great and looks professional . The price of this watch is a bargain , it could easily be priced much higher .
 I read the review by Cannes with dismay , as I have purchased 2 Invicta watches , and have been extremely satisfied with both . My Grand Driver is simply one of the most attractive watch available at its price point , and it has a feel to it that gives the feel of a much more expensive timepiece . I checked for other reviews by Cannes , and it appears that all of his reviews have been negative . I do n't know if I would give much credibility to his reviews , based on that revelation .
 The 3044 pictured here actually comes with the Seiko made NH35A movement which is `` hackable '' Meaning that when you pull the crown out the seconds hand stops so you can set the time and synchronize with other clocks easier . It is also able to be wound manually by turning the crown . It has 24 jewels instead of the 21 that is stated . I talked to the supplier Discount Watch Store and their representative confirmed this with me . Just thought I would let everyone know so they know what a great deal this is ! : -RRB-
 unbelieveable product super fast delivery from my watch world ... i have 3 rolex subs and one rolex daytona and this $ 200.00 watch gets more attention than any of the other 4 and one sub is the 50th anniversary sub with the green bezel , get ya one while you can i plan on ordering many more ... . dave in largo florida
 Oh my gosh , when I pulled this watch out of the box I was just flat out amazed by how it felt . The fit , finish , feel , and quality of this watch is amazing ! I have wanted a Rolex Submariner or Sea Dweller for quite a few years now , thanks to this watch I no longer want one . I have held a Sea Dweller in my hand before and if memory serves me right , this watch not only weighs about the same but feels the same . If I had my eyes closed and put on the Sea Dweller and this watch , I would n't be able to tell the difference . With my eyes open I swear the two watches are very similar . With the Sea Dweller costing over ten grand , I could buy me a car with the money I saved and still be just as happy with the watch . No , it 's not a Rolex , but if you strip the name off the two watches they are virtually identical . Of course this does not have a saphire crystal or a Swiss movement but without the name is a Rolex worth ten grand more than this watch ? No way.I love this watch so much I felt a little sad when I took it off . I 'm contemplating sleeping with it on . It 's so awesome that I just ordered the blue version of this watch . Maybe I 'll buy a car with the money I saved or something . I 'm so happy I bought this and not the Rolex . Of course if I was filthy rich then I 'd buy the Rolex , but when you consider the oppurtunity cost and my income level , this watch is the king of value.I was worried about some negative reviews I 've seen of Invicta watches . However , this watch is absolutely perfect . Not a single flaw or problem I can see . It feels so good in my hand and on my wrist , I ca n't stop looking at it.Just be very careful when sizing the band , the links are real hard to take out if you do n't have proper tools . I used a stiff wire and a pair of pliers . I slipped a few times and scratched the side of the links , but those are on links I removed so the scratches are n't a problem . Also I 've read some reports about the accuracy of the watch being off by 20 seconds or so per day . I have n't had the watch long enough to tell how off it is , but it can be adjusted to be more accurate . There is a little bar inside the watch which you can have regulated by a jeweler or do it yourself . There is guides online on how to regulate an automatic watch if you are the do it yourselfer type.Get this watch , you wo n't be sorry . It is heavy but I like the weight . It 's a real man 's watch for well under 10 grand .
 This is a beautiful watch.I always wanted a Rolex but the price prevented me from purchasing one . Now that I have this one , I do n't feel a desire for a Rolex anymore , that 's how good looking it is .
 Trust me ... if you ca n't afford a Rolex Submariner , this is the next best thing you 'll find at an under $ 200 price range ...
 I have worn this watch daily for almost three years and have no complaints . It has been beaten and banged around and continues to work as advertised . I am considering buying another just like it so I will have one without scratches .
 If you enjoy wearing a fine watch , and then worry the entire time you have it on , this might be be ideal for you . At the Amazon price you can wear this watch everywhere and never worry about putting a scratch on the bracelet . Best of all , you really do n't compromise anything in terms of quality . This thing is heavy and solid , yet amazingly comfortable . It does n't copy any specific expensive modlel -LRB- which can be embarrassing if someone is drawn to take a close look -RRB- , but has its own subtle , classic style . If you have friensds who wear the expensive brands you will not look or feel out of place wearing this . Maybe I was just lucky , but the Japanese self-wind unit in mine is spot on . Set the time and date , wear it at least part of each day , and you are good to go . In a world of hype and oversell , you will find this solid value to be a very pleasant surprise .
 got this a couple of month ago and this thing is absolutely huge ! this is the biggest watch I ever owned . it is also my first automatic in 25 years . this watch is EXTREMELY HEAVY ! you better eat your oats if you wan na wear this monster . I believe it weighs in at 200grams . most of the weight is in the case . the bracelet is thick and beautiful because it has to handle the massive weight ! I do n't recommend heavy activity with this watch unless you need to lose weight . the watch alone is beautiful for the money . in direct Sun it shines like platinium . the stainless steel around the hour markers shines beautifully like jewelry should . I do n't like the invicta and grand diver engravings . I think this was just overkill . the bezel is a bit hard to turn but it 's sturdy . my jeweler took out 5 links . the bracelet is large if your gon na put it on a wet suit . no need . the screw down crown is big and screws in easily . this beats the crap out of my old aqualand in size . I thought that watch was big ! My watch came with nh25a 21 jewel . I believe these watches also have nh35a 24 jewel movement . my watch is +5 sec per day . when I wear the watch , the movement slows very slightly . at night I leave the watch face up and it gains slightly . well balanced machine . this watch can not be wound by hand . so I twirl it for 30 seconds and I 'm good to go . this watch ca n't hack , but it can back hack . I just got to line the hands up right . I hope that this will last years took come . a friend noticed it immediately on my wrist . well how can he not notice it ?
 I have bought many things in my life and have appreciated as well as regretted the purchase . It is very seldom that one can buy something and feel you got more than what you paid.This watch for me was a very good purchase . I have been looking for a decent Automatic watch and even considered getting a Tag at one point . Then my need for a new surfboard brought me back down to reality . I searched and searched and although there were several choices of automatics in the Invicta line , the Grand Diver was just the right size , look , and price was unbelievable . Thus far , I have gotten several compliments and double takes . I currently have a TAG Kirium and have never gotten the reaction . I think the size has a lot to do with it.The only thing i would love more is if they made a chrono auto version of this and sold it at a price comparable to this watch . The only thing I could find was the 6892 which was 6 times more expensive.Value = 10Style = 8 -LRB- chrono would be better -RRB- Build = 8.5 -LRB- everything lines up well , not perfect but way better than a $ 140 watch should -RRB-
 the watch came in time and i had no problems with the watch . the only reason why i gave this watch only 4 stars and not 5 is because there was plastic wrap all around the watch and the band and it was annoying to take off but other than that the watch is terrific . the face is nice , the watch is very luminous when exposed to light and you use it in the dark , it feels very heavy and sturdy , and looks beautiful .
 This watch is built like a tank , runs like a top , and gets attention everywhere I go . This is my second Invicta watch . I like the big watches because I 'm 6 ' 5 '' and 300lbs . If you 're slight in stature , you should consider a smaller watch lest you look like a watch wearing version of Flavor Flav . This thing is absolutely huge and I love it . It 's my first `` automatic watch '' , which I think I 'd reconsider if buying again . Prior to purchase I thought `` Wow , no batteries , no issues '' . But when the watch sits unworn for a day it stops . Now I think it 's more annoying to have to keep the watch on a `` winding '' machine . I 'd take my batteries back if I could.Other than that , great watch and I 'd totally recommend it .
 For the money , this is quite a watch . Styling is an individual thing but this one has very fine workmanship . The glow in the dark of the face is visible all night . The time keeping is very good .
 I am a repeat customer of Invicta watches . This was my 5th invicta purchase . I love the size and look to this watch . It stands out from the rest , and the price point is several hundred dollars less for the same components and quality . It is a great bang around watch and weekend watch . The reason it is not an everday watch , is I wear a suit everyday , and the mere height and size , makes it difficult to fit under the cuffs of my dress shirt . This is not a watch for the faint of heart . The weight of the watch takes getting used to , but once you do , you cant take your eyes off of it . I like the automatic feature of the Grand Diver . I recomend this watch , and I would always check Amazon , they have the best prices and delivery is usually very quick .
 I have owned this watch for about 6 months now . It performs well , and keeps good time as long as I keep wearing it . I must admit to having several decent watches , so I do n't wear this one every day.Overall , the watch is nice . It is stylish and tough . The band shows minimal scuffing for the wear it has received . The hands glow nicely for quite a while ... not as long as I would like , but are still dimly visible all night.On the negative side , after I bought this watch , the clasp started to come undone whenever I flexed my wrist . Another watch was n't available , so I had the choice to either return it for a refund or send it to Invicta for repairs . I had bought an extended warranty that included the band and the crystal - everything on the watch was covered . So the retailer was nice enough to send it in for me . It took almost 3 weeks to get it back , but it performs well and has never given me a problem again . In fact , I now have to work to get it off ! Another thing to consider before you buy one is that is is very heavy . I never forget I have this watch on when I go to bed . But if you are looking for a large impressive watch , I would recommend this one .
 INVICTA DIVERS WATCH . THE PERFECT DIVE WATCH , I 'VE RECIVED A LOT OF PRAISE FOR THIS WATCH AND I AM VERY HAPPY WITH IT .
 It sounds like I 'm joking but you can leave one of the weights off your dive belt this will help get you to the bottom of the ocean.I love the look of this thing it 's big and solid and weighs about a pound . It has solid end links , machined clasp , and a very hefty bracelet.The watch itself has a very reliable seiko hackable automatic movement + / - 5 seconds a day which is very compairable to some more expensive watches . The fit and finish is equal to the Orient Mako XL that I own.Worth every penny I gave for it ! Take the plunge but do n't drown in debt very reasonable very heavy great deal go for it .
 The Invicta Grand Diver model 3044 is quite large and has considerable heft , but despite this it fits well on the wrist . The bracelet 's links are solid stainless steel and comes with a diver 's style clasp . Sizing the bracelet is quite easy if you have the proper tools and the bracelet comes generously sized to accommodate a wide variety of wrist sizes , something I wish more watch manufacturers would do . It 's a very good looking dive-style watch and it 's rated at 300 metres of water resistance . The Rolex-inspired dial is basic , yet attractive and the lume on the markers and hands is decent . The watch 's case and bracelet are likely made in China , but the automatic movement on this particular model is a Seiko NH35A which can be hacked , unlike the previous Miyota movement used before on this watch series and so far it 's kept excellent time . The overall fit and finish of the watch is quite good considering the cost and it looks and feels like a much more expensive watch . My only real criticism about the watch is with the Omega-style timing bezel . It 's not bad by any means , and it works as it should , but it 's not as easy to turn as a coin-edge . Invicta has a mind-boggling amount of variations of their watch models , so I do n't know if they have a Grand Diver with a coin-edge bezel or not , but I 'm very satisfied with the watch ...
 I own over 20 watches from G-Shock , Nixon , Fossil , Diesel , Citizen , etc. , and I can honestly say this is easily one of my favorite if not THE favorite watch I own . I have been constantly searching for a watch that I could easily wear everyday at work but that could also double as a dressy watch.This is it.I have purchased quite a few watches online through Amazon and eBay but am usually let down by the appearance when it comes in the mail . The looks of a watch on the internet can be deceiving since some sites have very few detailed images and of course every person 's wrist size is different . Happened with a Citizen watch I bought ... ended up being way too small for my taste on my large wrist . I have always wanted an Invicta and stumbled across this style one day browsing through Amazon . I always thoroughly read the reviews and try to see photos of how it looks on people . I am not going to lie , I was kinda skeptical about ordering this watch because the photos do not do it justice.Let me just say , this watch is gorgeous . I have only had it four days but have already received numerous compliments . It does indeed have a larger face and is also heavier but compared to my Nixon 51-30 , which is like wearing a kettlebell , it fits just right . Very striking in appearance it commands a look but does n't scream LOOK AT ME , LOOK AT ME !! I took it to a jewelry/watch shop and had it sized to fit my wrist and it feels very comfortable . I love that it does n't require a battery but works off of your movement or self-winding the crown.As I said , this is my first Invicta but it wo n't be my last . High quality materials , look and style . If you are looking for a nice in between watch this is definitely the one for you . Would definitely buy this over and over again . Also if you like the oversize face style but faces of a Diesel and Nixon are TOO big ... then consider this.Well done Invicta , well done .
 When the watch arrived , I was shocked by the weight of it . It is very heavy . Upon closer inspection the watch is built to last the case is very robust and exceptionally finished . The bracelet was way too big for my wrist , but I removed three links and adjusted the clasp position and now it fits perfectly . There was a problem while adjusting the clasp , when I popped the pin from the clasp , the end of the pin came out of the tube and pinged of never to be found again . I think that is pretty bad now I had useless bracelet . Fortunately I found an old busted watch which had a ping I could use.I really love that this watch has a screw down crown . The crown also has a nicely deep sea diver logo on it . Looks really cool.The finish detail , on this watch I awesome , especially for the price . I have not idea how they can produce such a high quality was for the money . The unidirectional bezel is very positive and the clicks are just spot on.The movement seem to keep very good time . With no problems so far . I am quite looking forward to seeing how it performs over a long period of time . I would have given this watch five stars if it had a hacking feature to assist in setting the seconds.I boughtt this watch for two reasons , my Rolex Air King if being fixed an I wanted a big chunky every day to wear willie I am waiting for my Rolex . The other reason is I wanted a decent but not too expensive diver watch . I am very pleased with the Invicta grand diver .
 Very nice watch . Was delivered as advertised . This is my third Invicta and the quality is well above average . A great watch for the money and Amazon makes the purchase and shipping very easy .
 I just love this Grand Diver , it 's not HEAVY to me but for some smaller folks it 's maybe to heavy for them . It fit my wrist just fine . Great price point for a automatic watch this big .
 This watch is heavy but for me it feels great on the wrist ... I have been comparing this to my atomic digital watch and it is keeping nearly in sync with my atomic . This watch does have a Seiko NH35A movement which hacks and is top notch.I would highly recommend this watch to people that want a watch that looks great and functions great as well for a fraction of the price of other automatics in its class .
 Die Uhr hat ein sch&ouml;nes Design , hochwertige Verarbeitung und Material.Der Versand ging sehr schnell - 6 Tage!Sollten die Gangwerte auch noch gut sein - ist die Grand Diver eine absolute Traumuhr!Der Preis ist unschlagbar !
 I recently received my Invicta 3044 watch . I am very pleased with my purchase . I have n't owned it long enough to speak of it 's durability . It is a great looking watch . I 'm hoping with average use , it still looks and performs great for years to come . .
 This watch has become my favorite everyday watch . Its very stylish and is fit for any occasion from casual to dressy especially at such a great price on Amazon .
 I have already received my Grand Diver , as someone said it is big and heavy but not too much , at least for me ... This weekend i am goint to test it on the sea , to see how it works under the water ... By now , i think it is perfect considering the price , let 's see later .
 This watch is big and beautiful well worth the money . Its my favorite watch and i collect them , you wont be disappionted . Delivery was fast i would buy again !!!
 I looked for a watch that was good size , I looked at all kinds of brands of watch and nothing matched the watch that I purchased . So far it runs good no loss of time so far . There is one thing I wished was better in all watches that has a luminated dial that one can see at night . Great watch Invicta Pro Diver
 I have been wanting a new watch for quite some time now , my friend had recommended this watch . Basically it is Rolex quality for a fraction of the price . I have received very good comments on this watch , and I am very pleased with the quality and workmanship of this product . So much as to I have already been looking at more Invicta watches to purchase .
 The style , design and craftsmanship is awesome , I would recommend it to all my friends and family . Love to go out and show it .
 I bought this watch for my husband for Christmas and he absolutely loved it ! He 's right handed but the lefty is still a great fit and he claims it is more comfortable for his wrist . Great price , fast shipping , and pristine condition . I could not be more pleased !
 Great watch , nice to add to my Collection , I love all Invicta watches , this one is great quality and the blue stands out
 What better comment than &#34; Thanks Dad - this is great ! &#34; He has brought it up several times and is very pleased .
 i 've been after this watch since several months and i finally got it , this is my second Invicta Force . i already have the 3332 and they both are beautyfull and elegant and they both get good compliments , the watch arrived in time , well packaged .
 This my first Chronogrph and think it looks great ! I stil figuring how to work all of the coo atop !
 I really like this watch . I wore it for the first time and received very positive reviews from all my friends.They asked me to take it off my wrist so they could inspect it . They all thought it was a great looking watch . I was very happy with their response .
 I was worried about quality while I was ordering , I though $ 90 was too cheap for such a pretty watch . When I received it I was so happy to find the watch to be of great craftsmanship and at a great price . I would definitely order again .
 I was first impressed by the watch because I really liked the combination of the blue and gold , and I must say , it really does look nice in person . I had some trouble deciding between this watch and the Invicta 1516 because the 1516 had a 1/10 second dial , but this one had the nice brown leather strap . Well I went with this watch , and to my surprise , mine did have a 1/10 second dial as well as a 12 hr dial for the chronograph , unlike what is described and pictured here . The tag on the watch said it was a 3329 , so I guess Invicta has just updated the model a bit from when it was first made.Like others have said , it is a large watch . People will see you wear it and comment on the size of the watch . It is not just the face of the watch that is large ; the strap is pretty large too compared to other watches I have worn . I wear it on the second to last or the last hole -LRB- tightest possible -RRB- depending on how frequently I have worn it and how stretched out the leather is that day . I do n't think I have small wrists either.I have had the watch about three weeks , and I have not had any issues with it yet . Everything functions properly , and it keeps time well .
 I love this watch . It 's a great time piece . So full of awesome-sauce it 's ridiculous . At this price I shoulda have bought 10 of these bad boys .
 really nice i have more than one from invicta . . all is great but this watch the best one for me . .
 Just received it ... I could not contain myself from opening it right away . I noticed one thing . WTH ?? The box is tiny compared to my other Invicta watch . Any-who , there it was big bezel , beautiful color combination , & and solid as a rock !!! Very sleek let me tell you . this can be dressed up or casually worn !! I prefer to dress it up !!!
 Hello all , I hope that this review proves to be useful . I purchased my Invicta 3329 a little over 4 months ago . I am usually a very scrupulous buyer , researching items high and low before making the decision to purchase . However , I was still new to watches and very much in love with the 3329 . I first saw it at an outlet mall jewelry store then pursued it online . I did not make my final purchase from amazon because they did not have the 3329 at the time . I payed roughly $ 250 for the watch with an `` msrp '' of $ 525 . I put quotes around msrp because Invicta is notorious for gouging the msrp price . They would more accurately represent their product by saying `` compared to $ 525 . '' This is not to say the watch is of poor construction . In fact I have been very pleased . It is hefty , comfortable , and I have had no mechanical errors in the short time of my ownership . I do not regret the $ 250 spent , what I do regret is spending the $ 250 under false pretenses of immense savings . I would like to quickly mention Invicta 's history . They were a Swiss watch company in the early 1900 's but went out of business in the late '70s early '80s at the hand of cheap Japanese digital watches . Recently , however , a Texas company purchased the namesake `` Invicta '' and has begun making the watches you see today . Again , I like my watch , and am pleased with the overall construction . If anything , I am upset that I did not perform my investigative research till after I purchased the watch . For some of you , this review may have helped , others of you may have already known what I failed to realize till late . If the name -LRB- and the way other 's perceive it -RRB- means more to you than the watch itself , you may want to look elswhere -LRB- Tissot , Bulova , Citizen , Seiko , etc. -RRB- Otherwise , there is a good watch to be had here .
 Hy . . ! This is one of the most beautiful watches that i have . ! Is perfect and gorgeous . ! Beware customers from UK -LRB- & Europe -RRB-
 I have 10 watches and this is one of my favorites . It is a big watch but not too big . The blue dial and gold edged white numbers are eye catching . It is not a heavy watch and although I am not left handed I love wearing this watch .
 This watch does have the crown and control buttons on the left side of the watch , making it appropriate to wear on your right wrist if you prefer . But ... it is not completely left-handed . There are two control buttons , known as Button A and Button B. On the right-hand version , Button A is on the top and Button B is on the bottom . On the left-hand version , Button A is on the bottom and Button B is on the top . It makes sense from a design point of view . They apparently rotated the control mechanisms 180 degrees in relation to the dial face , rather than inverting them , to create the left-handedness . It still means the buttons are less useful for the left-handed person than the right-handed cohort.The little date window is located on the same arc and angle as the 4 o'clock position , the same location as the right-handed version . It should be at the 2 o'clock position for the left-handed watch.If you look , you will probably see that most left-handed watches will have these kind of issues of incomplete conversion from right-handed . BTW , there are lefties who think that the clock should go around the other direction -LRB- counter-clockwise -RRB- for them . To me , that 's nuts , but to each one 's own.Other than that , I love it . It is really nice to have a watch I can actually control without taking it off or looking very stupid.Seems to keep good time -LRB- only had it a week or so -RRB- , numbers are clear , very good price , delivered when expected.It is a BIG watch . It does n't bother me , but my wife is not quite sure she likes the size on my wrist that much . I told her that if she could find me a left-handed watch as good for the price , she can buy that for me . Nothing so far has met the criteria .
 My boyfriend loved this watch ! He wears it almost everyday now . The colors match perfectly and the blue pops out very well . It is a watch you can dress it up or down and it will work either way . It was a really good buy !
 I love this watch and this brand ! Outstanding time and looks ! I am right handed , but I ordered this watch because of , looks , brand , craftsmanship , and the crown is on the other side so it does n't dig into the back of my hand . If you are looking for a GREAT watch , this is the one ! You will be very glad you got this one ! When you get this watch , there is no need to thank me , I just tell it the way it is ! Thank you Invicta , masterful watch !
 Watch shipped quickly - Hard to find Lefty Watch - Outstanding workmanship - Very high quality watch in brand new condition .
 Muy bonito reloj , y en un buen precio , la presentacion de la caja le da un toque elegante y lujoso , el reloj ha funcionado perfectamente
 As pretty as they come . This is a dark blue -LRB- almost black -RRB- and it shows off beautifully against the polished gold case . The brown leather strap adds the final touch . Very comfortable for a right hander since crown does n't rub against the hand . So far , functions and accuracy are great .
 I collect watches , many Invicta 's , Currently have about 65 in my collection . I bought an invicta lefty in a pea green and gold face and a pea green canvas strap and in a week had more than 10 people tell me how beautiful it was , so I went with the blue face and leather band . Same reaction , These are the I Force Lefty 's . I intend on buying more of these .
 I sent this watch back because it was a little too Big for my taste , I prefer watches around 40 mm for the case diameter.This Is Still a nice , stylish and well made watch.Make sure you look at all the specs before ordering watches , as it may save you some trouble in dealing with the return process , which was very smooth with this particular seller.Would recommend .
 This watch is amazing !! I bought it out of the blue and have loved it ever since , now I 'm on a watch fix and will def buy more invictas
 This watch is so clean ! The crown is big and manly ig the only thing I do n't like about it are the leather bands . Unfortunately they start to smell really bad after you sweat . But I am going to change them , get this watch it is so dope !
 I ordered this watch because I was afraid of losing or breaking a more expensive watch while traveling around Thailand . It is a great watch for lefties and keeps perfect time . Of all the watches I own , this one keeps the best time ! What made this watch even better , at least for me , was changing the leather band for a rubber one . It is a very comfortable timepiece that I am sure will provide years and years of great use . If you are okay with a leather strap , this watch is a bargain .
 I 'm now 20 years old and realized i really needed a good watch -LRB- plus it really completes the outfit -RRB- so I saw this nice left handed watch all black perfect starter watch plus the face is big enough to get a lot of attention along with the piano black finish -LRB- which you ca n't see in the photo -RRB- that makes it glossy in person the black leather straps with the white stitching is a very nice touch . At $ 130 you ca n't help but get this watch . Ca n't wait to wear it at school !
 I love my watch . I 'm glad I waited until I found this one . I am a small woman and this is a big watch . I am a lefty but I did n't realize how much I am use to setting my watch with my right hand . It was a little weird at first but now it is as easy with my left . I drain watch batteries very fast but so far this has been ticking since December . Most batteries last about 3-6 months in my watches . This is a heavy duty watch ! I have a couple of Invictas now .
 The whole lefty thing is a little awkward for a right-hander . I 'm not sure if it 's actually made for left-handers or if it 's like a thing that Invicta is doing . At any rate the watch is stunningly beautiful , well made , and comes with a great box .
 It ` s a beautiful and well made watch . Do n`t buy it if you have a small wrist because it ` s a big ben ! I wish it was a little bit smaller ... hello Invicta , what about a smaller version ?!
 Great looking watch , fits great on a righty too ! I wear it on my left wrist with no problems at all .
 this watch reminds me of kobe looks badass lethal watch ! everyone has to digg this watch !
 gracias buen vendedor lo recomiendo el producto es muy bueno y funciona perfectamente gracias por todo buena atencionespero comprarles mas de verdad gracias
 russian diver Invicta beautiful as the model for an hour waiting for my watch but not as good as russian diver deserves more than the money ...
 Este reloj es realmente muy llamativo , los n&uacute;meros grandes y los detalles del cron&oacute;grafo en amarillo lo hacen muy deportivo sin perder esa caracter&iacute;stica que lo diferencia de los relojes corrientesLos mandos colocados a la izquierda del tablero en la posici&oacute;n de las nueve lo hacen m&aacute;s c&oacute;modo aun si usted lo usa en la mano izquierda por que le molestar&aacute;n menos en el dorso de la mano cuando se mueve , lo cual es una incomodidad en relojes de este tama & ntilde ; o.Es bastante preciso sin ser un reloj espec&iacute;ficamente promovido por su exactitud . .
 the clock is spectacular , very impressive , and a little great , but it is worth to have it , is the most beauty one that I have now .
 Although it looks big to begin with , you quickly become used to the size , with the oversized numbers making it easy to read . Since i am a left hander , I find it wonderful that I do n't have to remove my watch to make alterations and so this gives it a major boost in the points category.My only gripe is that the fluorescent features do n't last very long in the dark , so they are only really any use for when you move into a dark area rather than using the watch in the dark.Overall the watch is a nice looking sturdy piece
 I have had this watch for about 18 months . When I got it , I paid about $ 220 for it , and that was much less than the $ 270 that many places were asking for it.This watch is inded large , but the all-black design reduces the bling-bling quality of it . And it 's very easy to read . -LRB- I will , say , however , that it 's a bit `` shinier '' than it appears on the web as the sides are a glossy finish . -RRB- NOTE !!!!! By default -LRB- I know 2 other people who have this watch -RRB- , when it arrives the `` resting '' position of the chrono second hand -LRB- the large one -RRB- is at about 58 seconds past the hour , rather than straight up on 12 . The manual explains how to change this .
 Okay . I 'm 54 . I do n't see up close as well as I used to and I hate to whip out a pair of reading glasses just to see what time it is . This watch is set up for left handed people . When worn on the right wrist the winding/setting controls are opposite my wrist which is much more comfortable . The face is big and masculine . Easy to see even in dark areas . It has been reliable.I alternate this watch with an Invicta diver 's watch and like them both . I would buy it again .
 i got this watch about a week ago and have worn it everyday since . i wear it on my left hand because i am right handed . got this watch even though it a lefty watch because i really liked the look of it . the crown does not bother my arm in the least and is still usable . it is a fairly large watch , not as big as the diver i was looking at before , but you will get comments on its size and although it is large the watch is pretty light . the minute hand on the crono is a little hard to see but other then that the watch is very readable . it is however not as bright at night as i would have liked but it is still bright enough . if you want to make this watch go with more clothes by changing out the band you do not need a tool to take the band off , although im having trouble finding the invicta 22mm bands . over all an awesome watch and im saving up for another !!
 I love Invicta watches and to be able to purchase them for around $ 100 is a great deal ! They are of excellent quality and I will explain why.I purchased them a few months back and I absolutely love them and wear them to death . It can be worn up or down depending on your outfit and I gets compliments from everyone.I was worried that the large face would make it seem too flashy and obnoxious but the sleek elegant and intricate designs of the watch allowed for them to be worn casually and classily -LRB- Not a word -RRB- . ALSO , this is PERFECT for left-handed people such as myself . It is great to finally have one for the team ! +1 bonus pointsBody
 The watch its not as big as some other invictas i have seen ... it 's light and pretty good looking , you should know the crown its glossy , and it does look like its somewhat more expensive , even when back in the day i paid 175 $ for it ... The real problem with it is i didnt realized this whatch is designed for lefties , and when they say that they mean it . The adjustment knob digs into my wrist when i wear it in my left arm . its something to consider if you 're a righty.Another thing i did n't like that much was the band . It was a little on the thin side for my tastes , but i 'm sure many people wo n't have a problem with it . .
 Just received this watch the other day and I must say that it looks and works great . The numbers are large and easy to read and they glow in the dark as do the hour and minute hand . All in all the watch is great but it does look different from the pictures . On the watch that was delivered to me the sub-dial at the 6 o'clock position is a 1/10 of a second counter , the 3 o'clock dial is the second and for regular time , and the sub-dial at the 12 position is a minute and hour counter . These things do not change this watch for me at all but I wish Amazon would have given accurate pictures .
 I absolutely love this watch . I bought a lefty because I hate how the buttons dig into your wrist . I still wear it on my left arm . watch manufacturers need to start thinking about this when they design bigger watches . Who adjusts the time while they are wearing the watch anyway .
 i 've got nothing bad to say about the watch , it is gorgeous , and it is big , but for me its a good thing , i would highly recommend this watch
 This is an absolutely gorgous looking watch . From the shine of the black face to the unity of color that flows through the whole watch . This is a great looking watch . It is bigger then the adverage watch , but that more the reason why I love this watch . You will love this watch garenteed .
 I like this watch . I purchased 3 of them as gift for my colleage professors . They likes them . They knew that the ivicta is famous brand name in the world . It 's very worthy and valuable.Thanks .
 This is a very lovely watch I must say , I could have easily paid $ 500 for it easily , and the pricing just made it even more appealing for me . Happy with the turnaround time from the seller . Could n't have been happier .
 I love how it looks , really sturdy and quality looking watch . So far , I 'm very happy with the purchase -LRB- 2 weeks now -RRB-
 A great price for a watch of this quality . Having originally bought one for my oldest sons 14th birthday last month , I am back to buy one for myself now .
 I must say I love my watch . It was more than what I expected , This my fifth Invicta that I purchase and I 'm the talk of the room when people see it . I will surely purchase more in the furture .
 Received my Invicta about 2 weeks ago and I love it ! I am a watch freak to begin with , happen to be left-handed and now own my first Lefty ! I love the large face , chronograph and quality black leather strap . I am totally happy with this watch ! -LRB- Invicta Men 's 3332 Force Collection Lefty Watch -RRB-
 this is a nice everyday watch it was delivered on time . it 's not too big of a watch witch I expected by looking at the pics on line . it feels sturdy , I say that because I 'm a locksmith and tend to bang my fist on safes to get them open.lol . I wear it on my left hand without any problems . it 's a nice buy for the price . I recommend this watch .
 military force watch . nice and good price . if you like a little big watch and leather do not worry about it . very reasonable price and high quality product.all functions are working do not worry about INVICTA .
 This is my 2nd Invicta watch . The first was a gift from my bro at Christmas . I first fell in love with the face on the 3332 , but worried about it being too large on my wrist - All worries went out the window when it arrived ... perfect size , looks great , not too bulky - if you do n't have a black watch yet . . this is a great choice !
 This is a beautiful , big , well-engineered watch . For the price , it beats all out there.I own a number of watches , of various levels of technological sophistication , but I recently decided all I really needed on a daily basis was a watch to tell time , and occasionally time events . This watch is tailor made for the task
 I have this in the gold.I ca n't say enough about the class and style of the invicta line . This is my 5th one and I 'll be pricing another `` Lefty '' . Amazon , and Invicta please continue to make and sell manly watches that reflect big size -LRB- 50-52mm -RRB- , weight and style , and I vow to remain a loyal fan .
 The watch looks great and ship fast then I 've got on time . Big screen so you can see the time easily
 Sometimes you love something cause it amazes you but this watch is just nice and functions very great . Glows in the dark too . If you want a okay looking watch and ca n't afford a watch that grabs attention than this one is it . This watch is n't amazing but it is NOT ugly or unfashionable . It makes me feel retro punk a little.The leather feels very nice but I read it wears easy , I 'll update if it does.Function
 If you want to buy this watch , do n't worry , this watch is very good . I think the watch is very cheap . You should buy it .
 I have n't had a watch in years , and was looking for a watch with military time and regular time , date , stopwatch , alarm and some sort of backlight for when its dark . It took me days searching online for watches and prices and this is by far the best product for your money . I was a little worried about the size of the watch , being its a men 's large faced watch -LRB- and I 'm a smaller sized female -RRB- . It is big , but now that I 'm used to it , the size is n't an issue . I still love it and get compliments as well . I would recommend this watch to anybody who is looking for one . Its very practical and sure beats looking at my phone every time -LRB- for work purposes -RRB- .
 This is my first lefty invicta watch , it feels great on the wrist and looks even better . I got a lot of complements on this time piece . The buttons are on the wrong side if your a right handed person that wear your watch on your left hand . The buttons do n't dig into the back of your hand . I must buy another .
 Good watch.works well especially for left handed people , very unique . Easy to see . Dials lumence could be brighter.I would recommend it
 I like the watches , This Invicta Men 's 3332 is another one that I like it has a good balance to it , very simple to use
 Very good , combination ideal between the sporty and elegant , its inverse buttons give originality , I am very grateful to this fabulous watch
 The watch looks nice , after adjusting the size , fits well also . I wear it while working in retail , so it gets bumped A LOT , but clock face has yet to scratch after 6 months . Very happy ...
 You may get the question , `` is there a hand missing ? '' when you wear the 2163 but you know of course that it is a regulator . And a good value if you shop around . This is a good sized watch , well finished and distinctive . The movement is a Swiss Ebauches Automatic with 20 jewels that can be see through the display back . It has a gold plated rotor which is very nice but the rest of the movement is not as pleasing to the eye . A small issue really in a watch that is this inexpensive . The gold plating on the watch in general looks very rich.The case , face , hands and winder are very nice and the trinite hands illuminate very well . The strap is a supple brown leather with a deployant buckle . Mine keeps time well enough but if you want absolute accuracy for this price you can buy quartz . I was looking to add to my collection something gold-toned and a little dressier than another diving watch . If you enjoy automatics as I do , pick up one of these Invictas from their `` Objet d'art '' collection .
 This watch keeps accurate time , synchronizes with the signal each night , and looks great too . It offers both digital time and analog watch hands . It has a light and there are various ways to set or not set the alarm . Instead of showing the digital time you can have it show the date instead . Instead of a second hand there is a digital seconds display . It is a sturdy , large women 's watch , not a small dainty one .
 Was Looking For a Digital/Analog watch . Only saw men 's watches like that , until I came across this watch . That had all the features I needed , Plus a leather band . Good looking sporty watch . I ordered and received 2 days later , using regular shipping ... CA N'T BEAT THAT .
 Watch looks great . Seller shipped promptly . This item was a Christmas '07 present . So far so good !
 I ordered for the Casio LWA120LA-1BV and I liked the delivery time as it was before the desired date . The package case was bit tampered but I can overlook that due to the promptness as well as the quality of the watch.Now a happy customer : -RRB- Thanks !
 The 3295 is a clean well constructed watch . It keeps relatively good time and looks like it would easily sell for $ 500 - $ 600 . It feels solid and you know it 's on your wrist when wearing it . This is the 4th Invicta I have purchased through Amazon and all have been of great quality and arrived in good condition .
 Very good product , fast shipping from Aazon , very recommended An excellent watch with a very good price ...
 This is one excellent watch and worth the extra money over the lower numbered model -LRB- 3449 I believe -RRB- . I actually upgraded to this model and have received nothing but compliments ! This is however , one large watch !! It is massive and not for someone with a small wrist . Even the heavy leather strap says BIG ! The most important factor I want to bring out in this review is that it is exceptionally accurate at keeping TIme , and that is what I need in a good watch.I bought this from Amazon and would recommend this watch to anyone who is a fancier of big watches that work incredibly well !! This is now my primary watch and I just love it!Robert , Levittown , PA
 It 's a real nice watch . Very sturdy and good-looking . But be prepared
 I was a little apprehensive about purchasing this watch , mainly due to my unfamiliarity with this brand , its design for left handed users and its blue strap . The band is a very dark blue , not a `` neon - put your sunglasses on blue '' . So do n't let its color rattle you too much . I love the big dial with the white digits against a blue background . It seems well made and for the money , and I am pleased . The reason I did n't give it 5 stars is unknown reliability . I am a new owner and had this watch less than a month , but so far it 's been working fine.I hope this helps anyone looking to purchase one.Scott
 Although the description says it 's got a brown strap , it 's actually an indigo blue . Would go great with dark jeans , but I wanted a brown strap to match my dress belt and shoes I wear to work . I am going to exchange this for the same watch , with the ivory face and -LRB- obviously -RRB- brown strap .
 I own this watch , it is a 21 jewel automatic , not quartz watch though . Bought the self winder , through Amazon to keep it wound and keep the time up-to-date . . Not my every day watch though .
 The face of this watch is black with white large numbers , and is very easy to read even from a distance . It reminds me of the easy-to-read gauges in an airplane , or a no-nonsense black with white numbers car dashboard . No backlight , but the numbers and hands glow in the dark ; the second hand has a glow-in-the-dark spot . The bezel can be rotated -LRB- counter-clockwise only -RRB- so you can keep track of elapsed time or countdown time , although the numbers and tick-marks are engraved black on dark bronze gunmetal and might be hard to read in some lighting.The strap has velcro , and the case is held in place by black elastic cloth , which sits between the case and the strap . The good news is it allows some give if the case snags on or bumps into something ; the bad news is the case sits very high above your wrist and is unnecessarily chunky . I replaced the original strap with a more traditional strap -LRB- 20mm , BTW , selection can be limited at this size -RRB- to get the case to sit on my wrist without intervening layers.I set it to a clock synchronized by the radio signal of the national USA timebase -LRB- the so-called atomic clock -RRB- a week ago ; it 's now about 3 seconds behind , well within a typical accuracy spec of + / - 30 sec/month . I 'd have given it 5 stars if it had some form of lighting other than glow-in-the-dark , and perhaps a more traditional strap .
 This is my 4th Invicta Watch . it is a very nice time piece ; however , when I called Invicta to inquire about the size they noted that it was the same as the 8926 Automatic . It actually is not , so there web site -LRB- Invicta -RRB- was incorrect . It 's pretty sad when the manufacturer does not have the accurate information . The watch has more of a purple versus blue background ; however , it is a nice look . Invicta also notes that this is a Mako Swiss . The watch is made in Japan and does not have any notes or Swiss markings . The case back requires a special tool to remove it and change the battery . Overall it is a nice time piece ; however , I only gave it a 4 primarily because of the Invicta inaccuracies and lack of customer service that they are known for . 10-8-09 UPDATE ; I had to change the battery in this watch . I opened the back and was shocked when I saw that the inner ring that holds the movement in place was made of cheap white plastic . I COULD NOT BELIEVE how cheap the interior of this watch was . If I could return it I would in a heart beat . The watch should be on a shelf at Wal-Mart for under $ 10.00 . Very disappointed .
 This is the best 80 dollar watch I ever had . I have had several that were over 200 dollars and I think this one is better than those also . It 's a handsome watch . I have small wrists and it looks just right on my arm . I had to go to a local jeweler and have 2 links removed from the bracelet . It was right after Christmas and she either felt charitable or sorry for me so she did it for free . It took her less than a minute . It is keeping very good time . As for people that complain about the magnifying bubble over the date , I like it because I hate squinting to see the date . The blue dial and outside minute bezel are beautiful . I own a whole drawer full of watches and this is my favorite . Until I buy another Invicta of course . It comes in a nice -LRB- huge -RRB- yellow leatherette box with a soft cloth to polish it up with . It would make a very attractive gift . I prefer that is a battery watch as I have no experience with an automatic and do n't wear one often enough to keep it wound .
 Wonderful watch . Looks and feels like a much more expensive watch . I 've actually had people ask me if I got a new Rollex .
 This is the second Invicta Men 's watch that I have purchased . This one looks even better than what is pictured . Self-winding watches normally lose a couple of minutes every couple of weeks but this one has stayed very close to the orginal setting . It looks as good as a Rolex at a fraction of the cost . Would not hesitate to buy another one if needed . I highly recommend this watch .
 Invicta makes a great watch and the 8937 follows suit in great style . Great color combination - gold and blue .
 Watch delivered as promised . Supposed to be a divers watch but the crown does n't lock . Invicta customer support says it does n't but is still waterproof . We will see when I go diving ! Let 's hope so .
 This watch is very appealing to the eye . It is an acceptable substitute to its Submariner counterpart without the 5-figure price tag . The face is more purple than blue , but this does not detract from the watch 's elegance . When I went to a local jeweler to get the watch sized , he enthusiastically said , &#34; You just purchased an excellent watch ! &#34; I am extremely happy with this purchase .
 I want to say that this is NOT a poor quality watch . I do n't get all the complaints of poor quality with Invicta watches . I have several of them and have n't had the least problem with any of them . This watch is only $ 64 and while it certainly is n't on the level of a Tag or Rolex it is far above the quality of anything else out there in this price range . My only complaint about this watch is the size of the face . While I do n't like the ` Mega face ' trend watch makers are tending towards these days , this one is goes a little too far in the other direction . In fact when I opened the box I have to say I was a little shocked and thought I had ordered a women 's watch by mistake . But if you can live with that this is a really great looking and well made watch for well under $ 100 .
 the watch looks really good , people think its a real gold watch ... the watch is good for the money you paid.but the band is not a wide band its in the middle not too wide not too small .
 It is expensive looking and feels the same . I am a collector.I am glad I got this one . IMPRESSIVE
 This is a very handsome watch . I liked it so much I got another with a different color face .
 I bought the watch for my Dad about one year ago , but the watch battery was used up , so I want buy a new battery for this watch , but I do n't know where can afford the watch battery ? Can you give me a help ? Thank you !
 I bought this watch for my daughter-9 yrs old . It looks great on her and we love it .
 Well my lady was quite happy with the gift , but I do n't really know too much about it .
 I gave this to my girlfriend during christmas . Lots of compliments . Even from a watch dealer who sized it . She said that she gets lots of request for this watch and that it is rare to find in stores because of it size . -LRB- Larger than those in stores -RRB- .
 It is a very nice watch , it worth the money , for me it was a little too shiny . I recommend it for whosever likes shiny watches .
 This is a great watch , but it will get noticed and some people told me on my next purchase I might as well just get a wristclock , lol ... that 's the biggest watch I 'll ever own but I 'm happy with it so far , I 'm used to it and I also love big watches .
 Got a super deal on mine . The genuine calf leather band is pretty thick and more a little difficult than a band of standard thickness to buckle . It is heavy , but not annoyingly so . The crown cap is excessive . It rubs your wrist if you bend your hand back . The whole watch pretty big . You get used to it after a day . Keeps accurate time . Had it for a few months and still not one minute off . Just got the 6606 model -LRB- stainless case , black dial -RRB- for my cousin . This line is apparently modeled after the super cool Classico line of U-Boat watches . The real one has the crown on the left . You can also get the U-Boat in a more interesting color scheme
 I 've only had this watch a day , so I ca n't comment on its longevity -LRB- i.e. crystal susceptibility to scratches , etc. -RRB- , but I love it . It is really a handsome watch with a good weight . I got a great deal here on Amazon which introduced me to the brand.A couple comments
 I forgot to mention ... I love my Corduba collection !! This watch like all of the Invicta , s are classy , and they will get noticed !!! This is my fourth Corduba ... -LRB- I gave my first one to my little brother -RRB- , so now I am down one and looking to up my collection ... with another Corduba or two , and a Russian Driver or three . If you have n't gotten it yet please develop it soon , and keep it ... the `` Invicta Fever '' !! Because , once you buy one you will not be able to pass on such great prices , class , style , and selection .
 I bought both the black and brown of this exact watch and it will be a sad day when this watch is no longer in production . Really thick heavy duty leather band , enormous face , and a perfect fit . People ask me everyday about it ! Makes me feel like I am wearing a thousand dollar watch in the form of only $ 150 . The only thing that isnt noticeable from the pictures is the raised crystal on the face . The actual glass is raised off the face and can be scratched if not careful . Almost nothing to dislike .
 My mom gave this to me as an early Christmas present , knowing I love Bambi and have had my eyes on it . Let me tell you , it 's adorable ! I love the vintage Bambi in the center and the links/flowers are so classy and elegant , even though it slides slightly down my thin wrists .
 I have owned several watches throughout the past ten or so years . Many of them were made by Fossil and Kenneth Cole , and I always had the same problem with these watches . The face would always get scratches on it and the pin holding the band together would randomly fall out . None of these watches lasted more than nine months to a year . I have had this Citizen watch for a little over two years now , and I have never had any problems with it . The watch still looks like new . The sapphire face is virtually indestructable . My only complaint with this watch is that mine runs a little slow . For instance , after a month passes with out me adjusting my watch , it will be five minutes slow . However , I could have this adjusted if I would take the time to take it to a store to get this fixed . Overall , I would give this watch my highest reccomendation !
 I ordered this watch on line just by looking at the picture.The watch met all of my expectations . It arrived in two days , was packaged perfectly and the watch was beautiful . It was a gift for my son and unfortunately , he did not like the square face of the watch - he wanted a round face . I returned the watch via the instructions on Amazon 's web site . I was reimbursed the total cost of the watch and my return shipping.Thank you , Amazon , once again . You always exceed my expectations .
 This watch is my favorite one - and I 've had a lot of them along the way . It 's 10 years old and I have worn it 7 days per week over most of that time . As one person said , it loses about 5 minutes per month but other than that it 's been flawless . It has a thin profile so it does n't get in the way and I wear it a little loose like a bracelet . I 've hit it against things frequently but there 's not a scratch on the face . No batteries - imagine how nice that is .
 Beautiful design , perfect execution . Timekeeping is very accurate , the sapphire lens is scratchless . Maintenance-free . So well balanced you do n't feel it on your wrist .
 MY HUSBAND LOVES IT . WAS IN MARINES 33 YEARS . THIS IS THE SECOND ONE THAT HE HAS HAD . I LIKE THE FIRST ONE BEST . THIS ONE LOOKS LIKE ORANGE ON THE FACE AND THE FIRST ONE HAD GOLD AROUND THE FACE . I THINK IT WAS MUCH PRETTIER . DO THEY STILL MAKE IT WITH GOLD ?
 I 've had this watch for over 5 years now and its still a great looking watch . I have broken the band and had to replace it , but got it online and did it myself . The battery is also replaceable , anyone can do it . The dials will get out of sync once in a while but the booklet that comes with the watch has the instuctions on how to correct it . I ware this watch every day . I still get people that want to look at it . Its a great watch .
 Skagen makes good watches and that is the end of story . This particular watch is taste specific . Not everyone likes an all black watch , but it is a limited collection item after all .
 I loved the watch face !
 Hello!This watch is wonderful , but with a problem : the band was bad in 1 side , but I fixed its.Thanks .
 Great price for a great watch . The color of the Stainless Steel Bracelet was darker than I expected but it is still very nice .
 The wrist watch was nicely packed . It 's an excellent watch . I could recommend it to as many people who cares to listen
 I am very pleased with the watch that I purchased . This watch is so cool for its price not to mention that it 's swiss made.I would like to commend amazon for it 's efficient internet shopping and tracking facility . There was also no delay in the the delivery . It arrived as scheduled . Excellent Customer Service !
 I had this watch for about 3 years and absolutely loved it ! The only reason I do not still have it is that it was stolen and I ca n't find another one ! I am very hard on watches -LRB- scratches , cracks -RRB- and this one sustained very little scratching and no cracks in three years ! I was always being asked what kind of watch it was . It looked expensive and held up far better than any other watch I 've ever owned . I 'd buy another one today if I could find one ! Oh and another benefit was that I never had to take it off to wash the dishes , go swimming or shower because it was water-proof up to at least ten feet -LRB- I 'm not sure about the exact depth restrictions -RRB- .
 Esta en buen precio y ademas es un buen regalo , lo unico es que parece mas grande de lo que en realidad es ...
 I bought this for a `` friend '' ... He loves it and gets many compliments on it . It 's a great dress watch for any man . I have bought watches on amazon in the past and was completely satisfied with the product and the price !
 Beautiful Watch , ca n't believe it was offerred at this price ! Like previous comments , watch has more of a mirror like finish than what looks like a satin finish in the photos . Still an absolutely beautiful watch ! Have received so many compliments ! Thank you so much
 Beautiful watch ! Bought as a birthday gift for my boyfriend . This will be his first quality watch and I am very excited about it ! He will love it ! Very classy ! Also it came in a very nice gift box .
 First thing I notice right off that you ca n't tell from the web is that the watch is a mirror finish . The minute and hour hands look black in the pic , but they are in a mirror finish as well . This goes well with the diamonds to give the watch a very noticeable `` bling '' for lack of a better word . Overall I am very happy with the watch . Everything was beautiful , even down to the case that I came in !
 I presented this to one of my friend , it is a great product ! It will turn out to be a good present .
 I bought this watch from a discount online website and I love it ! It 's beautiful , just a bit sporty but in a rich mature way , and it keeps perfect time ! I wear it with a tennis bracelet on the same arm and am constantly complimented . It retailed for $ 900 and it definitely looks like it ! I recommend it for women of all ages .
 This watch is for woman not for man , and is really gorgeus , elegant and youthful , very nice . Adem&aacute;s tengo que decir que para comprar un reloj hay que fijarse en las especificaciones y si est&aacute;n la medida del diametro de la caja y la medida de la correa , porqu&eacute; la gente se sorprende del tama & ntilde ; o ?
 this was first marketed as a mans watch . after receiving i can understand why they were displeased , band is too slender for a man . much more fitting as a womens watch . understated , great with jeans or semi casual attire . i love it ! glad i took the chance and purchased this one !
 I just received this watch which is beautiful and very weighty and solid . I knew before I bought this watch that I would have to have links removed to fit my wrist . However . I did not count on the battery being dead when I received it and that I would have to replace it or return it . I chose paying for a new battery instead or returning it . However I am very disappointed that I had to pay the extra monies for this watch .
 I love this watch - it has a great look and style and is a perfect size for a woman 's med size wrist ! I had been looking for a classic every day watch that had a little more style than usual , and this is it !
 First reaction was
 I saw this watch for the first time back in January . My first thought was that I had never seen a watch like it before , and I should buy it . I decided to wait and see if I could find something better . Well four months later , with to many hours of internet searching , and watch shop visits THIS IS STILL THE COOLEST WATCH I HAVE EVER SEEN . So I bought it.So far there are only two things wrong with this watch . The watch is a little heavy for some people . The watch face scratches a little to easy , so be gentle with it . Other then those two things there 's nothing bad about the watch . The weight issue does n't bother me.The plus of the watch include the kick arse design ! The watch has four buttons that you use to set time , use the timer , alarm clock , and chronograph timer . It also can keep two different times , alarms , and you can switch between 24 hour or 12 hour time display . The buttons are very well designed most people do n't notice them . The watch band can be adjusted to fit your wrist . You will need to make this adjustment as the watch band is huge . All it takes to change the size is a small screwdriver , and I do mean small . Also the watch lights up in a blue color , and it looks incredible ! This watch is so sleek and stylish , it 's like having a luxury car on your wrist . It 's the Audi TT of watches.I 've been asked on several occasions if I can use the watch to travel through time . I tell people that 's what the chronographer is for.Just buy the watch it 's awesome !
 I am a watch collector and I am constantly looking for unique designs and this one tops the list by far . At first it was a little unusual to read the time but you quickly became adjusted to this . The band however to adjust to your wrist requires a little patience and a jeweler 's flat head screwdriver but once you get through all that , I 'd say it was worth it . Hope you enjoy this watch like I am .
 This is not your every day run-of-the-mill watch , it 's a wonderfully crafted , and surprisingly refined piece of art . For a watch , it 's got a wonderfully minimalist design . I do n't know how well it will hold up over time , as I 've only had mine for a few days.It 's unique , a real find ! -LRB- if you can get a hold of one -RRB- .
 I have been looking at these watches for years and now that I finally have the funds to buy one , the one I want has gone missing . I had been wanting the Gunmetal version of the watch that I believe was around $ 165 , the more expensive of the two . Now that I went back to the site and browsed I can no longer find it . I e-mailed the fossil website and am currently expecting a reply but if anyone else knows where I can find this it would be VERY helpful -LRB- E-mail is zetzmemp@yahoo.com, please mail me if you learn anything -RRB- . I NEED this watch , it 's so stylish and ... me.I suppose this should be more of a review then a question so I will give my honest opinions of what I can . This watch would be great for anyone who has a simplistic taste as I do . The solid color , and full circular design would make it a great accent to many outfits , and although it is such a simple design it will stand out , as it is very unique in the spectrum of watches . Also , the Fossil brand is a name that I look for when I look at watches . I have owned a few Fossil watches in the past and can stand up for them , as they are very durable and well made universally . I am currently using a Fossil pocket watch that I managed to close in a car door at full impact . At first I thought it would have been broken because of the force applied , but when I lifted it up and inspected it , I had only managed to ding it slightly , and it still keeps track of time perfectly.These are only my opinions and wishful thinking of what I may one day own , and again , please e-mail me if you learn anything about the gunmetal version of this watch and how I may go about buying one .
 I was so pleased with my purchase . I have a freind who has a Skagen watch , and I admired it so much . This watch is actually my second and I love them both . The service I receive from ordering on Amazon.com is terrific . I have never had a problem .
 This was a great find ! Bulova is a well established and respected watch company . I was looking for an upgrade from my everyday watch I got at a discount store . I like the watch for its craftsmanship and that it had a non digital chronograph . It has a classic and professional appearance . It is very comfortable . The luminous hands are a nice plus . I look forward to purchasing more Bulova timepieces in the future . This was an excellent bargain ! I definitely recommend this watch as an upgrade from your everyday watch . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This high-end `` Swiss Made '' watch is beautiful and very classy . It is made of polished metal that reflects light in a way that catches the eye . It is also light . The band feels very rich ... more like a silver bracelet than a watch band . It is neither heavy nor very large and it should n't be . This is a watch that goes with formal dress for special occasions -LRB- I wo n't recommend it for everyday use because it 's just too fancy -RRB- . I got it from Amazon for $ 124.99 with free shipping !!! A very elegant watch at a bargain price.If you are looking for an additional watch when you dress formally -LRB- meetings , banquettes ... etc. -RRB- , this is it .
 I was very pleased with the product and the quick delivery of it . It is a quality product and I 'd recommend it to anyone .
 I needed a watch where I could easily see the time . I wanted all stainless steel . This watch fit the bill perfectly . I am more than satisfied with the quality and the functionality that this timepiece offers . The price could n't be better .
 This is an awesome watch ! Made by Fossil it 's going to be great anyways but this is a really good gift . Since it comes in three colors you can choose the style that best fits you , or the person that your buying it for . With this watch you also never have to wonder what day it is because of the four dial layout . It also comes with an eleven year warranty , so you do n't have to worry about it malfunctioning . To wrap up this review , if you need to give a gift for a guy who likes watches this is an exquisite gift .
 I really enjoy this watch . Very sharp looking and well built . The only problem I 'm having is the dial containing the number of the days of the month are very small and difficult to read . Also , there is no illumination feature to see the time at night . Other than those two suggestions , I really like it and wear it daily.I had to have the band resized by my local jeweler . I did not have the proper tools to do it myself .
 This is a very classy watch that is not overly pretentious . It is also durable and dependable . I highly recommend this as a wonderful present .
 I recently purchased my fifth Swiss Legend Commander watch . These are very nice timepeices and have become a very prominent line for Swiss Legend . They are large time pieces both in diameter and height . One needs to check the measurements before making the purchase . The only reason I gave the rating a 4 instead of a five was that this particular watch was one of the few that the dual deployment closure was not working properly . I had heard their CEO mention this during a recent ShopNBC program . I called SL 's service department and had a new improved clasp in 2-3 days . They offer great service . No problems whatsoever from the seller .
 This watch is even more spectacular in person , the picture does n't do it justice . The watch would work fine with sporty attire & would also fit right along at a black tie event!The watch itself is very sleek & lightweight , yet not feminine in any way , great for the guy who wants something other than the standard round face , yet something really classy !
 I got this for my elderly mom . It 's easy for her to see the numbers . Nice looking watch .
 This is a large watch that is easy to read . The stop watch works well . My daugter `` borrowed it '' before I could even wear it . It keeps good time . I would definitely buy another Swiss Legend watch .
 Muy bueno , trae adem&aacute;s varias correas que te permite combinarlo con ropa diferente . Las correas se cambian f&aacute;cilmente . Es grande .
 The Nautica Men 's N14508 BFC Diver Box Set is the watch that i use all the time cause is very comfortable , sporty and elegant !!! And delivery time was excellent !
 i love it , nice , good price , on time ... . what else do you want me to say ??? you people ... . ugh !!!
 Love that there are two different bands with this watch and it costs less than the bands on other sites .
 Delivery was prompt . Originally saw the watch in Jewellers in Naxos while island-hopping round some Greek islands . Amazon was almost 50 % cheaper.The spare straps and changing tool supplied look good in photo/box but are cheap and tacky on closer inspection . The watch is good quality -LRB- considering it is made in China -RRB- and I am very pleased with my purchase .
 I already have one that I bought in Italy , with the difference that have the crown was oppositte in the watch , but is a good sport watch , I enjoy this watch
 I bought this watch because I wanted an everyday wear while I was on vacation -LRB- on the beach -RRB- . It worked like a charm , I wore it everyday in the sun and the salt water . The orange band didnt discolor nor did the face dial froze up . Nautica really knew what they were doing when they built this watch . Thanks !
 Excellent ! The watch and gorgeous ! I live in Brazil and the delivery was super fast ! The watch works well and draws attention everywhere where I go .
 This is a really nice looking watch , has different bands to switch the look of it . I own several invicta watches and thisnone holds its own against them .
 this item is amazing and good quality material , its functions work perfectly and it 's easy to change the time and date , the orange strap is the best looks nice , strong and sporty the other 2 straps look cheaper on closer inspection , case is 54 mm wide , it 's a big size watch , if you have a thin wrist do n't buy it , otherwise do n't hesitate because it 's a very good deal and a very nice man 's watch box set . finally , the watch is exactly how it looks in the advertised picture.este articulo es increible , de buena calidad buen material sus funciones trabajan bien es facil de ajustar el tiempo y fecha , la faja de color naranja es la mejor se ve fuerte de buena calidad y eportiva , las otras 2 fajas se ven baratas pero solo inspeccionadas de cerca , la caratula del reloj tiene 54 mm de ancho es grande , si tienes una mu & ntilde ; eca delgada no lo compres de lo contrario no lo pienses porque es una buena compra y un buen set de reloj para hombre . por ultimo el reloj luce igual como se ve en la foto de la propaganda .
 I have several sport / big sizes watch , but none of this brand.This one is the best deal I 've made up to now.Great sport look but still elegant -LRB- does n't look cheap -RRB- , robust , ... Good deal to me . I think I 'll buy other Nautica watches in teh future .
 I got this as a Christmas present , and am -LRB- 12 hours in -RRB- very happy with it -- with a few caveats : - It 's big . Like , holy crap big . The body is 5cm -LRB- 2 inches -RRB- across . If you have larger wrists/hands/forearms , it looks great . On a skinny or slight guy , it would look stupid.-The strap is VERY flexible , unlike what another review said . It 's probably the most pliable watch strap I 've ever worn . I like it a lot.-It 's a plastic/polycarbonate back plate . Not necessarily a bad thing , but not an obvious one from the pictures on Amazon .
 The quality of this watch is second to none . Have been looking for a genuine `` Swiss Movement '' watch at an affordable price for some time now and this watch has fit the bill in all respects . This is a very handsome , substantial watch that will definitely get you noticed and respected for your good taste .
 I bought two of these watches for my Best Men -LRB- My Younger Brothers -RRB- and I am SO HAPPY THAT I DID ! This is a nice sized Men 's watch -LRB- unlike the children 's toy like Buluovas -RRB- that I had to return . Heavy and just beautiful to look at . Thanks !
 This watch is very beautiful - the picture does not do it a justics . I ca n't remark about its timekeeping abilities but the watch itself is stunning .
 i think that this watch real poss , one must equate for it to happen like this watch
 Invicta 's reputation for both quality and customer service is mediocre to poor . While I own several of them , I have always been careful not to pay too much as I know that it may not be worth the hassle to send them in for repair . My local jeweler stopped selling them due to poor quality and the customer service issues . The watch movements are made in several different countries from Switzerland to China but quality also varies as Invicta appears to contract their work to several different firms.I find the Invicta watches beautiful with a nice heft . For me Invicta makes sense when priced around the $ 100 range , but I would be hesitant to pay much more than that . You just can not be sure of what you will get . Just my two cents .
 I really like this watch . I received it as an anniversary give from my wife to replace my existing Wegner Swiss army watch which was well worn . It functions great , however there I wish it had a locking adjustment knob . The adjustment knob has a tendency to be pulled out accidentally , stopping the watch from running . I 'm assuming this happens when I reach into my pockets to pull out my keys . My old watch required you to unscrew the knob before it would pull out . This is a much better way to secure the knob rather than simply pulling it out . All in all I really like it other than this small issue .
 I am a Big fan of watches , and decided to start spreading my love of watches via gift giving . My close friend had been helping me out with a lot of things , and I noticed he had only ever had one watch . In my opinion , every man should have his choice of watches and cars on any given day , but that 's another story . . I decided to give him this watch as a dress watch , and another as a daily/sport watch . Upon receiving this watch , I was admittedly jealous ! It 's a great looking watch , with fantastic attention to detail , and pretty good material and build quality . AND it has complications !! No complaints here ! He now has a rotation , and while this does n't get worn as much , it is reserved for times when a nicer looking watch may be more noticeable.Bottom line?Great Standard sized value priced dress watch . At this price , it could be worn every day and replaced , if so inclined .
 I have this watch for a year already and works well looks great get good complements , the size is the only issue but other wise a great watch .
 After owning this for around 6 months I love this watch . I 've bought more expensive watches so I was leery about the quality of Invicta . I 've determined this a high-quality watch . I wear it often and it gets hit on all sorts of stuff but has n't scratched/scuffed yet . I also get the most compliments on this watch over my more expensive ones .
 This watch is very nice , the bracelet shines in all angles of light and the overall look is very elegant but not overdone . The case could be a bit larger -LRB- 38mm -RRB- but it is the same size as my old watch and it looks well balanced with the 20mm bracelet . It 's not too bling but just enough.The box it came in is very nice -LRB- if you like the canary yellow -RRB- and all the padding in packaging gives this watch a high value product . They did n't skimp on anything ! -LRB- polishing wrag , etc. . . -RRB- The watch and bracelet is VERY well wrapped so it 's impossible to get any scratches from shipping.One thing a bit weird
 I bought this watch for my husband for christmas . I was impressed by how gorgeous it looked in person . It looks way more expensive than the price . And it looks so elegant that it dresses up any man . What I particularly liked was the weight . It is not a flimsy watch , it has some weight to it which I think men like a lot . I loved the product and would recommend anyone to purchase it . You get more than what you pay .
 well i purchased this watch 2 weeks before , so far its fine , everything looks good and i liked it . the shipment was fast and in good condition.the only small problem i noticed in 2 weeks that the bottom side is starts loosing color . anyways overall it is price worthy watch and i recommend it .
 I have had this watch for over a month now . I liked it online , I like it when it arrived , and I still like it . So it was a great deal to me . I did n't want to spend a fortune on a watch , but I think a watch adds something fashion-wise . I 've always thought that . This is basically a piece of jewelry . The functionality of the watch is great . Keeps accurate time and it 's easy to operate . The band was big so I had a jeweler take a few links out . This is a very classy looking watch . If you do n't have a huge wrist and think a large watch too big , this one is a great compromise . Not too small , Not too big . Feels very solid .
 this was a great watch for the value and i have been wanting a watch like this for a long long time
 very good watch ! the only problem is that the color looks a little plastic , and it does n't say swissmade in the watch like in the picture . .
 This watch is nice and good looking . Very elegant for use with formal wear . Its size is good , not great and is lightweight . It is worth to buy it , but if you like big watches then there ...
 Very sharp watch for the price . Get alot of compliments and easily looks more like a higher end watch in person , then one that cost under -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks!Watch feels perfect weight around my wrist , and really shines on my wrist .
 My order was processed quickly and received as promised . The watch is very nice looking and appears to be well made . The watch band and case appear to be made of good quality steel and will probably last a long time . I bought the watch as a graduation gift and my nephew thinks it looks great also .
 Nice watch . A bit fancier than what I 'd want an everyday watch to be . But great for times when dressing up is a must .
 This watch keeps very accurate time and seems reliable I have had it for 3 months now and love it 's fit and finish . The reason I have rated 4 stars instead of 5 is because it is very easy to scratch up if you are not careful in part of it 's high polish finish . Also it is rather beefy but if you like weight to your watch you will surely love it ! For the money you can not simply get a better value !
 This is a great looking watch . I love this watch and highly recommended.Thanks to Amazon for a nice deal .
 5 stars for the watch ... 2 stars for amazon . This watch really is beautiful . It looks nice in the picture , but even better in person . It 's a very nice weight and not too big , as I 've heard complaints about other Invicta watches . Amazon gets two stars for not only taking over two weeks to deliver it to me , but when I did receive it , it had either been poorly packaged or mishandled . The box was torn open and crushed . Luckily the watched survived .
 I bought this watch as a thank-you gift for a friend who has never owned a special watch . One consideration is that he 's got large , muscular arms and I wanted something which would look masculine and substantial , not flimsy . This watch is so beautiful that I ca n't stop staring when he wears it . The metal is rich looking and everyone who sees it -LRB- male and female -RRB- give him compliments . They did a great job on the packaging , it makes it exciting just to open the box . And Amazon did a great job with the additional warranty . I really ca n't begin to tell you how proud I am to have given this watch and how proud my friend is to wear it . It 's a win-win situation .
 Have had many watches costing hundreds of dollars more . This watch beats those costing much more .
 This watch is just gorgeous in person . The sample image does not do it justice . It gleams , it 's hefty , smooth , comfortable and very masculine.I ordered this for my husband as he desperately needed a new one . He 'd never do it himself , so I took on the job . He had expressed interest in Invicta watches after reading reviews and doing some research on them.At this point , I ca n't speak to sturdiness , but for the price , if it lasts a couple of years , everyone will be happy .
 Was very please with the Invicta watch . Watch does carry some weight , but is very pleasing to the eye . Side buttons do work , they are not just there for show .
 Muy buen producto todo llego a tiempo y de la forma esperada . El vendedor es serio y cumple con lo ofertado
 Handy item to keep keys and flashdrives for work all together.I do wish the numbers and hands were a little darker .
 I bought it to wear at work which is a noncontact job . Feels very light though and I am unsure if it would stand up to rough wear . Remember that this is Sport Design and not a Sporting Watch . I like the look though and it is doing well 6 weeks after I bought it .
 This year at work , wrist watches were band along with rings and any hand or wrist jewelry - this watch was a great buy - large face easy to read and clips right onto the belt loops of your pants or slacks .
 it 's a great watch , the only thing is that the white plastic band gets dirty too quickly .
 I bought this watch and fullfil my expectations . I gave it as a christmas present and the person was more than happy , the belt is easy to clean , and the look of it is amazing , just right for you.Recommendation
 ITS A GIFT FOR MY A VERY NICE WATCH , VERY COMFORTABLE ELEGANT AND DISTIGUISHED SHE WAS LOOKING FOR A WHILE , ITS PRICE SEMM FAIR
 Its the watch for all occasions dress casual it looks like a 500 doller watch for less than half the price .
 entrega oportuna y calidad esperada , volver&iacute;a a comprarle a este vendedor . el producto cumpli&oacute; con las expectativas . que buena compra .
 i own an omega seamaster and bougth this one for my summer hollidays , for the beach etc.But since i receive it its still on my wrist and the omega is at my self for a while.its a great watch , with very nice colour combination and stylish too.As i had read before i order it , its turn a little bit yellow cause of friction -LRB- i think -RRB- with the table etc.Overall its great !!
 execelente quality , I like the color , but gets dirty very fast , I tried to get other bracelets to change , but can not find .
 I am very staisfied with the AMAZON costumer `` system '' ! I ordered this watch from Hungary -LRB- Europe -RRB- on tuesday and I received it on friday ! So the NAUTICA watch is super and the UPS parcel service works very fast ! AMAZON is very reliable !
 Donde mejor precio pueden conseguir es por amazon , en cuanto el reloj tiene una esfera que cubre muy bien la mu & ntilde ; eca o sea el tama & ntilde ; o del reloj es considerado dejando ver una pieza elegante y comodo . me gusta como trabaja ya que es independiente en su maquinaria , me explico el secundero con el conometro creanme les va a gustar .
 i bought this watch as a watches meniac and after long time of wishing to have white Resin Band one and was hoping@the time i purchased it that it would be okay . . but as soon as i recieved it and used it oh god i went off to my summer holiday in thailand with 3 watches for 20 days and this one was on my wrist 18 days of them , i guess it conclude its value ; - -RRB-
 Everything was in excellent condition.Also AMAZON services was super!The watch is exactly the same as in the web picture.I was worried if i was going to like it but it is truly a very nice item that you can wear iteither with a casual dress for a walk in the park p.e , either in a much more formal situation.Definitely you will not regret this buy.For it 's cost i recommend it to everybodyand i am giving to it5 to 5 gold stars !!!
 I just love my watch !!!!! everywhere I go someone says how beautiful my watch is ... Everyonw should own one , I already own 25 watches and this one is in my top five !!!
 excelent watch ! very elegant ! I recommend it for day and night and the price is great ! excelente reloj , muy elegante ! lo recomiendo para usar de dia y de noche .
 Excellent timepiece , awesome finishing details , realy finest presentation , it could be better with an aditional nautica rubber belt , but anyway this watch will give you many looks and comments
 this nautica watch looks sophisticated with nice leather strap and dials and its external frame and wear . i would recommend it highly if you like nautica brand or dress watches .
 Este reloj llena todas mis expectativas , y mas con ese precio . Luce muy bien y en muchas ocasiones me han comentado lo bien y lo lujoso que se ve . Muy buena elecci&oacute;n para un regalo o para uso personal .
 My lovely girlfriend just got me this watch for valentines day and I must say it is my favorite out of all the watches I currently own . The watch is built of really good quality and is very classy yet can be warn on a daily basis . You will not be disappointed if you make this purchase . Nautica really payed attention to detail on this one . Great Buy ... Great Price ... Great Shipping ... Great Girlfriend = priceless
 A classic looking watch with a face that will stand the test of time . Quality leather band and rose gold crown sets it off . Quite a big watch but will suit a regular size wrist . Would recommend for casual or everyday wear . Good weight to the watch and does n't get too heavy after a full day of use .
 I bought this watch for my husband . He usually uses Bulova Watches . This watch is so beautiful the online picture does not give it enough credit . This is a screw on crown and the date and time are easily set up . The second hand is actually the little hand inside the middle circle ; the second hand on the traditional placement actually is the chronometer along with the pointer on the left circle that tells minutes.This watch does not look like a hundred dollar watch ; it has a much more expansive look . It is somewhat heavy and the face is quite big , so little wrists may have trouble wearing it correctly . The leather is nicely crafted and stitched without any issues.It has 100 % Japan movement and it is water resistant to 100 feet . So far it has been right on time and no issues at all . Awesome watch for the money .
 Excellent clock , smart , tough . I have almost a year using it and still like new , I do not regret having purchased , its price and quality make it a good option
 This is a gorgeous watch . A friend of mine had one and I admired it for a long time and decided to buy one . My only complaint is the hands are very thin and are hard to see in dim light .
 Is amaizing , i love the style and is very exact , i used all the time , the price was realy good because i had one before and i paid 160 dollars and for this one i just paid 100 , i love it
 A stunning watch made with great care in every detail . Any person seeing the watch for the first time thought it was a special treat to just look at the front and back of the watch . The only special advise that I must give is that you should check the specified metric diameter of the watch face . The watch may be a bit large for a person with small wrists .
 Cool stuff . Quality and design . I have a lot of watches , but usually choose this one every morning .
 I would have to say that this watch is a fantastic timepiece . For the price I paid for it -LRB- $ 119 -RRB- I feel that I got a fantastic bargain.Good points
 Since purple is my favorite color , it is a no-brainer as to why I was attracted to this watch ! However , I love it for many other reasons too ! It is ultra comfy to wear , easy to read , and very stylish . This is my first Fossil but I 've read many good reviews of their quality so that also attracted me . You can not go wrong with this watch !
 This is a beautiful watch . I love it . The purple band is unique and the face is pretty and easy to read . It 's very easy to set the time and date . You do n't have to wind the hands around to change the date , just simply pull the stem out 1 click and turn and it changes the date window only . I am very very pleased with this purchase . This is probably my favorite watch out of the 4 Fossill watches I now own . Thanks.Sincerely , Teresa Moorman , from Ohio
 Pretty , stylish , and comfortable
 I like this watch very much ! More comfortable than any other watch I 've owned so far ! I also enjoyed the terrific deal I got on Amazon.com !!! I also like the color very much ! I do n't have to worry about the metal turning my wrist green or not fitting as well !! Thanks !!
 I love this watch . My old tag heuer needs new o-rings , so I got this to take snorkeling . No complaints . Do n't try to tighten stem ... it does ` nt need it . Such a beautiful watch . What a value . Swiss movement for under 100 dollars ? Wish bezel moved easier . Only had it two months . So far , so good .
 I am about to order my 2nd of this style , the first of which I got for my birthday over three years ago . The first one still keeps wound , tells great time , looks great from a distance but does have some scratches on the gold plated band ... so time to get a new one ... But why am I happy to do buy another after `` only '' 3 years ??? Do the Math ... . I love the style ... closest to a Rolex Submariner at an everyday use price ... A used ROlex would cost 6K ... Let 's see ... every three years I spend $ 100 for a new , shiny watch that keeps great time ... OK , so I 'm bad at math but my guess is if I bought a replacement every three years it would take me 180 years to reach the cost of a rolex ... I have alot better things to spend 6K on than a watch ...
 This is one beautiful watch ! Very well made and best of all it has a dependable swiss quartz movement .
 Great buy . Super price on this excellent watch . Invicta Pro Diver Swiss Quartz Watch # 9310 . It keeps accurate time and it looks very close to a Rolex .
 Great watch . Looks just like a Rolex model in every detail . Feels like a good hefty solid watch.A real bargain .
 this is a very nice looking watch kinda looks like a rolex keeps perfect time i really like it , good buy . k hall
 I RECVD WATCH IN EXCELLENT COND . ITS BEAUTIFUL AND WORKS FINE . WOULDRECIMEND IT HIGHLY .
 Upon noticing this watch , I had a friend tell me how envious he was of me - `` I guess you need to get your second kid out of the way before you get to buy your ` Submariner . ' I have been asking my wife if I could get one for years with no luck . '' Later that day I told him that I liked the Tag he was wearing . `` Not as nice as yours '' was his response -LRB- His Tag cost 12 - 15 times what MY `` Submariner '' cost -RRB- . I have only had this watch for several days , so my review is based upon that experience . I hope to update my review a couple of years in the future . I bought it because my ESQ of 9 years was with the repairperson being cleaned , is having some problems , and ESQ discontinued the model . I have owned Pulsar , Timex , Michel Herbelin , and an ESQ 200M diver and my review will compare my impressions against those timepieces , especially the ESQ.PROs : AppearanceMovementValueCONs : Tight BezelLuminescenceGrinding screw-down crownFirst , this is a STUNNING , beautiful watch ! It looks better than the photos . Depending upon the light , the color changes from blue to purple to royal blue . The watch case has Invicta engraved on one side and looks elegant . The Invicta logo wings on the back of the second hand look classy.The crown has a Swiss cross raised on it and is of the screw-down variety . It threads with a grinding , unnatural feel , and I fear it will mis-thread and fail over time.The bezel is tight and rotates with great reluctance -LRB- an apparent Invicta trait -RRB- . I use the bezel a lot and am disappointed I will be unable to use it much on this watch . The bezel on my ESQ is near perfect , and I am puzzled why Invicta can not improve this aspect.The luminescence is disappointing . When exposed to direct , unfiltered sunlight the lume is initially fine but fades within an hour . My ESQ puts it to shame.The band -LRB- brushed silver links with polished gold links -RRB- is fine , looks GREAT , and does not pull my arm hair but does not feel as heavy or as high quality as my ESQ 's band -LRB- I can not image what the `` folded link '' bands on lesser Invictas are like -RRB- . I have read in these reviews that the 23k gold plating comes off rather easily over time.The movement is Swiss and seems fine . The second hand hits the watch 's tick marks much more precisely than my ESQ.Overall , I believe the watch is a great value . I chose it because I would have had to move to the $ 400 - $ 500 price point to find anything else close to what I liked and Amazon offered a free extended warranty . Although I would not have purchased this watch without the extended warranty , I may purchase other Invicta 's without it depending upon my experience with this one.UPDATE 11/12/11
 I rec 'd my new , Invicta 9310 `` Swiss '' Quartz watch yesterday from Amazon.com in one -LRB- 1 -RRB- business day as promised . And at no NO ADDITIONAL CHARGE.Upon opening I was very impressed with both the look and quality . Band was easy to adjust by removing links.I choose a quartz movement owning other autonmatics , incld a Rolex.It has run for 14 + hrs since first set and remains right on-the-money in accuracy . Even the yellow box is impresseive ... . ALL for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . Why would ANYONE want to spend $ -LSB- ... -RSB- for a watch that does n't keep as good of time , nor looks or feels any better?Sincerely , and Well SatisfiedD.R . Hibbs
 Not having about $ 10,000 USD to splurge on a Rolex `` Submariner '' , I decided to , at least , have the look of one by purchasing an Invicta `` Pro Diver '' . I had previously owned the Invicta `` Pro Diver '' that used the Citizen Miyota calibre 8215 automatic movement , but was VERY disappointed by it . Aside from gaining about 1/2 minute per day when it was new , after three years of daily wear , the movement became so dirty that it just froze up and would not run . That watch wound up in the trash.So , I replaced it with this Invicta `` Pro Diver '' that uses a SWISS Ronda 715 analog quartz movement . I 've had the watch for about two months so far and can not notice any error in its timekeeping!One annoying problem with it , however , was that the jumping second hand was landing BETWEEN the second marks instead of on them ... VERY distracting and annoying . A watchmaker friend of mine was able to correct the problem for me , but I would STRONGLY urge Invicta to have whoever is assembling these watches for them do a better job of attaching their second hands . I want the second hand on any analog quartz watch I purchase to land EXACTLY on the second marks ... not between them.Anyway , if second hand alignment is not an issue for you , then I think you will really like this watch . It is VERY accurate and with its screw down crown is water resistant to a depth of 660 feet so there will be no problem if you dive , swim , or just shower while wearing it . I notice that in a crowd this watch tends to attract the admiring glances of people who will assume you spent a fortune on it .
 I think anybody that would spend $ 5000.00 plus for the likes of a Submariner should have a head transplant espically when great watches like this Invicta 9310 are available for about $ 100.00 . I own a Prague in this same style and love it , but wanted something a little more well made . Steinhart has a fantastic blue on blue divers watch that sells for $ 450.00 -LRB- a real bargin -RRB- that many believe outclasses the famous `` Rolex Submariner '' . Only problem is that I got impatient waiting for it to become available again -LRB- Steinhart is a first class operation -RRB- ! Not knowing anything about Invicta except for liking the looks of their products , I did some research and liked what I saw and read enough to order the 9310 Swiss Quartz Dive watch . I really did want an automatic watch but after reading all the info about needing to take them to a jewler every 2 years to have them cleand and oiled I thought - who needs all that - excpecilly after checking into the cost of oiling running about 80 bucks a throw - no way ! I just got a 5 year battery installed in another watch for a 20 spot and that sounds a lot better then the previous . The 9310 is a heavy well made time piece.If I did n't know better I would swear that it is worth hundreds more then I paid . The word `` INVICTA '' is engraved in the side of the watch and looks really cool . Do n't expect to get the watch that is in this advertisement with the neat red wings on the face with `` SWISS '' written under it because Invicta has changed the style of the 9310 ... but thats OK because the wings that are on the rear of the minute hand that is constantly going around is done really well and adds a certain classy look . Im not much on worring about packaging but the new yellow wave box this watch comes in is pretty darn cool -LRB- a 12 dollar box if bought by itself -RRB- as is the included $ 8.00 polishing cloth ! The company also includes the easiest to understand instruction booklet on the market today . Do n't get sucked in by paying thousands for a name as no watch is worth all that as any honest jewler will tell you ... save that money to put towards a new car and use your brain to rationalize getting a watch that in my opinion is just as functional as the high price boys and really nice to look at . I ca n't wait to get all dressed up with my wife and wear my new watch to go out ... wearing this cool watch makes you feel like you got a few bucks rubbing togeather in your pocket . Oh yea ... when you first open your watch check out how well this item is wrapped to avoid any scratches . The corded hanging tag on the watch is even classier then the one on a Rolex . You want a first class , cool looking time piece without breaking the bank then get this 9310 Dive watch with it 's Beautiful Blue/Blue face and gold trim ... you will not be disappointed ! `` Enjoy '' Joe Kopeck - MD. .
 I am definitely impressed . I have had the watch for a couple of weeks now and it keeps time perfectly and has withstood my constant abuse . I am really hard on a watch due to my avocations but this one doe n't even have a single scratch up to this point . This is my second Invicta and I like this one even more than my previous more expensive version . It 's simple and does n't have a lot of useless functions that I do n't need . I did n't realize it when I bought it that it is a Rolex look-a-like but after receiving several compliments I did a little research and found that it does in fact mirror a Submariner that costs several thousand dollars . The little bubble over the day of the month is a bit worrisome because it protrudes away from the face but I say this a great deal for the money !
 Having chased Rolex wanna-be watches for about 20 years , I have to say that the Invicta 9310 is the best I have found . The continuous sweep second hand clearly announces that this is not a battery driven movement . The weight and feel of the watch are impressivly stout . I have n't taken it below 30 feet , but the one-way bezel worked just fine in the dive time tracking mode.Issues
 I bought this watch in Feb 2009 . And for awhile I did n't like it . Clasp kept popping off ... And I kept it in my truck for like a 6-7 months . Then I found it again one day recently , fixed the setting for the bracelet , and now it fits well without a problem . I just had to get used to it , but it is n't really larger or heavier than `` normal . '' I used to wear a Timex Ironman watch at work , and that one would feel so distracting when I type that I 'd have to take it off . But the Invicta is PERFECT . The blue color is really to die for . I 'm ready to try the 6693 with the white dial . It really is surprising to find so many interesting styles for a reasonable cost . Invicta as a brand is something unique yet I admit that I was skeptical at first . No buyer 's remorse ; and I understand now why so many want to be `` collectors '' and pick up several Invicta watches . I have the bug too now ...
 This watch does not feel more expensive than it is , however it does * look * more expensive than it is . Invictas keep accurate time , wear well , and look great . I 've read comments by others that this particular model compares visually to a Rolex Submariner at a tiny fraction of the price . While I never especially liked Rolex watches -LRB- what 's so great about them ? -RRB- I found this approximation to be both subtle and iconic . At this price , I decided it was worth expanding on my usual taste preference a bit , and I 'm happy with it . Good luck ...
 Attractive watch ; works fine , so far . The only issue I 've noticed is that the stem does not screw down , as with many other watches , and occasionally the stem is unintentionally pulled to the adjustment position and unintentional changes are made to the date .
 This is a very good looking watch . It gets lots of looks . I only wish it was a bit larger .
 My only problem with the watch is the second hand calibration . Unfortunately , it lands between the incremental marks on the watch face . Other than that annoying feature I am happy with the watch .
 The face of this watch is VERY blue ... and very striking . Face is about 20 % larger than I expected . Watch is solid , and heavy when compared to other similar watches I have . Lots of stainless steel here . Overall , I 'm pleased with this purchase ... . I 'm a watch junkie , and this one will be on my arm for those days that I 'm feeling blue .
 great watch for the priceif Invicta or the chain could supply watch band replacements at a better price , it would have gotten a 5 * .
 Once I arrived , I could not believe , much like the Rolex Submariner , the enecant&oacute; my wife , my mother and brothers were surprised by its low cost and high quality noticeable . High quality finish . Some friends are envious , it is a watch that gives class and imposes imposes on other more expensive brands . The pulse was faacil suit my thick wrist , however I took it to a professional jeweler to do the job , only cost me 5,000 pesos Colombian , something like $ 2.5 . I am very happy and I love that in the dark when you can see by the luminosity of the hands and points.The only thing I do not like is the light that is lost teimpo desdepu&eacute;s of true light outside . Then you need to place it in a short time frame to direct light so you can see in the dark after.But overall it 's a magnificent watch and I 'm very glad I bought on Amazon : : : !
 I really like this watch . It has a great solid feel to it and looks great ! I 've had many compliments on it .
 This watch gets a ton of attention and is very nice . I would purchase it again but it was a bit smaller than I expected . After a couple months it has held up great and kept time with only a slight loss every couple weeks . I do not wear it everyday but I would n't hesitate to use it as a daily watch .
 Invicta is one of the premiere watch makers of affordable watches . A host of different styles and designs for every individual , make it a great brand for those looking for a bit of everything.I purchased this as an everyday watch to wear to work . I wear it on the subway and in inclement weather . I have not had it long enough to determine long term durability , but it hasnt scratched in the few months of wear . It has held up as well as any of my other more expensive watches.Positives : For the price of around $ 100 , the style can not be beat . It is a replica of the famous Rolex Sumbmariner , and quite a few have commented on this fact . It is an attention getter as the gold plating gleams on my arm.The watch has a nice heft and size . Not overly large like a Tag Formula One , but not small delicate like a Cartier . The links are well spaced and there are no gaps . The screw on cap is a nice touch . This would fit well on regular sized wrist . Small wrists may not like the weight.Nice invicta logo on the second hand is a nice touch.The movement is pretty accurate . It is swiss.The Negatives : The clasp appears to be the weakest point of the watch . While it hasnt come apart , it feels like given long term use , may cause problems.The fact that it looks identical to a Rolex , means u have to explain sometimes why you bought a `` replica '' Rolex . I just say its an Invicta , styled similar to a Rolex.Dont expect it to glow in the dark . I dont use it if need to tell time in the dark.Overall : Overall I give it 4 stars . 5 for value and style , but knock it down a notch as it does try to look identical to a Rolex , instead of trying for a different unique twist like some of the other Invicta watchs I own .
 I bought this watch for my Father and he loves it . It is a very nice looking two - tone watch and for a timepiece that is cheap to buy - it certainly does n't look or feel cheap ! . The watch keeps perfect time . For anyone who would like to own a very nice looking Divers watch and at a very good price , this Invicta is certainly well worth considering . My Father has some nice comments about his new Invicta 9310 .
 I ordered the Invicta Watch for my husband as his other three watches stopped functioning . The Invicta watch is a real beauty ! It is easy to set and comfortable on his wrist . We are very happy/satisfied with this purchase .
 beautiful watch . big and heavy and a quartz . careful with the size . some are small watches , though they say they are larger . this model , 9310 is large . the crown does not screw down , not a real diver . wouldnt wash my hands with it on .
 Excellent watch and very good price . I like Quartz watches . I have a very professional job so a nice watch is desirable . This is very attractive watch , fits well and so far keep good time . Watch is nicer and looks nicer than I thought . I would definitely recommend it .
 This makes the 5th Invicta watch I bought and I love it . This is fast becoming one of my favorites because of the comments I get on it . Everyone thinks it is a Rolex ! It 's nice having a watch that looks like it costs several thousand dollars but is less than $ 100.00 . I do n't wear it all of the time becasuse it has a minneral crystal insted of saphire . I am hard on my watches so I worry about scratching the crystal on it . Other than that I love it !!
 I ordered this Invicta Watch for my brother as a x-Mas gift . Hefound the watch high quality and a Rolex look alike . He compairedit to other 9 watches and he placed the Invicta high.A great buy . You will not be disapionted .
 I 've had this watch now for over 2 years , and it has worked flawlessly . Kept time very well and looks great.The band has some wear on it now , the gold color is rubbing off , but overall fits and feels good.Look almost like a Rolex !
 The pictures do n't do this watch justice . It is very nice , my girlfriend loved it .
 I could ` nt be happier with my watch , it arrived within 3 or 4 days of ordering -LRB- USA to UK -RRB- and is just really cool plus reasonably priced
 The watch is nice and basically looks like the pic . It is fairly large so make sure you are aware of that . The only complaint I have is the band , which is kind of cheap looking -- I 'll probably replace it .
 Bought this watch after looking at many others , and I was not disappointed . There are about 5 or 6 other NAUTICAs that ressemble this one to the T , but are up to 200 $ more expensive ... not sure whay.The watch is huge , and I 'm a fan of big watches . The bracelet is a tiny bit cheap looking , but could replace it eventually.Overall very satisfied with it.Good watch , good price , good buy !
 This is an absolutely gorgeous watch . Its simple and understated . The mother of pearl face adds just the right touch of shimmer without the watch standing out too much . It does n't look like some giant piece of `` bling '' that people tend to wear these day.For those of you with small wrists , my wife has very very small wrists and this watch looks great on her .
 This watch has class . The Amazon price w/5 year warranty ca n't be beat . -LRB- No I do n't work for Amazon.com ! -RRB- ...
 At first I was n't sure if I should invest in an expensive watch online . I was worrying about the quality and whether if it 's copycat . But since Amazon is a very reputable online store so I put my trust in them and decided to make the purchase.What an excellent watch !!! . If I get this in a store it would be 40 % more then what I am paying at Amazon for exactly the same thing ... Thank you .
 This Tag is beautiful . Go look at it in a mall jewlery store and then buy it from Amazon . Same exact watch and I saved literally 1500 bucks from the store I was looking at it .
 My watch was delivered the next day and it was gorgeous!I can wear my watch everyday and it can even be worn when i dress up . I was very happy that i was able to save close to $ 1000 by buying from amazon.com!I would highly recommend this watch !
 The shippment arrived very quick , the watch is just the same as I can imagine . It 's perfect . However I just ca n't find the warranty .
 This is the perfect watch for someone , like me , who wanted the class and look of an analog watch with the features of a digital watch . The watch is fairly large and heavy because of the steel . It feels and looks like a $ 500 watch for an excellent price . The only negatives I have is that the buttons on the side for the digital features of hte watch are easily activated causing the watch to beep . Additionally , the digital part of the watch is kind of tough to see which is good and bad . It allows the classiness of the analog part of the watch to stand out , but it is tough to see the numbers for the analog part of the watch . If I were to purchase this watch again , I would definitely do it ...
 I purchased this watch as a gift . I was a little hesitant that buying it through amazon instead of a jeweler would mean that I would recieve less , but the watch arrived with all the packaging and amenties that you would get with any Tag . The box is gorgeous . The watch is beautiful . There are a couple other styles available including one with a numbered divers bezel , however I like the simplicity of this watch . It was a big hit .
 Excellent watch . A 10 years of marriage present for my wife . She loved it -LRB- and loved me too -RRB- . A great watch , well finished , elegant , precise and quite beautiful , from the traditional Link Tag Heuer series . Sport can be elegant .
 I bought the watch for my husband 's 30th birthday . It was here in 2 days and it 's an amazing watch !
 Not even today I know whether I am wearing a Fake or the real thing.Had huge trouble with customs re . shipping costs.No proper written Guarantee came with the watch .
 This watch is very unique ! It has a large face and when I opened the box I was very impressed with the design and quality ! My boyfriend wears it everyday and I must say it looks awesome on his arm . Ladies -- this is the perfect watch for the man in your life ! He will love it !
 Introduced by Heuer in 1969 as a motor-sports instrument , the Monaco still remains contemporary in its design . Tag has wisely chosen to continue producing a number of the auto racing circuit models that made Heuer famous . -LRB- as these are much more interesting and well styled than Tag 's own designs . -RRB- There is a misunderstanding shared by some who have commented on this watch and a few sellers who offer the model online . The crystal is made from acrylic true to it 's vintage predecessor . It is never sapphire regardless of how listed on some web pages . A large square watch such as this , will incur more wear and tear over time than one of more conventional proportions fitted with a scratch resistant window . Truly a specialty piece better suited to collectors than as an everyday `` work watch '' . I happen to consider the Monaco to be on my short list of favorites , and finally have the privilege to own one .
 I 've owned this watch for over 5 years and I love it - but it is not for everyone . It runs just as good today as it did the day I bought it and it still looks fantastic - after I `` cleaned '' it up . This watch is very distinctive and gets lots of complements but I now wear it as more of a dress watch than an every day watch.When I first purchased this watch I wore it all the time and as noted in some of the other reviews - I scratched the crystal -LRB- or acrylic -RRB- top . The crystal sticks up from the body of the watch and is easily bumped and ends up taking the brunt of a lot of the daily banging around . If you are looking for an everday watch that will not show its wear - this is not it.It is such a nice watch that when the watch band broke -LRB- a common problem if you wear it every day -RRB- I decided to clean it up and wear it less and more carefully than I had been . I had the band and the crystal replaced and the watch looks brand new . Now I only wear it to work or out on the town and it comes off as soon as I get home.Don ' t let its `` racing '' past fool you - this watch is more for dress than for every day and if you treat it that way , it will give you years of care free and stunning service . If you try to wear it as your every day watch - it will work but it 'll show its wear pretty quickly .
 My wife bought this watch for me as a 10th anniversary present , after hearing me speak enviously for years of one that belongs to a friend . It 's an icon -- and while expensive , still costs less than the other iconic chronometers out there , the Rolex SS Daytona , Omega Speedmaster Professional/Legend/Broad Arrow , Zenith El Primero , etc. -LRB- all of which I also covet -RRB- . Whether you get the blue `` Steve McQueen '' version or the more conservative black , for those who know their racing history , it will immediately bring to mind McQueen himself , Jo Siffert , and the movie `` Le Mans '' -LRB- in which McQueen wore Siffert 's watch and driving suit from the 1970 race -RRB- . The design is both retro and hip . You 'd be surprised at the cross-section of people who will look at it and say `` what a cool watch . `` Brasso will take scratches out of the acrylic crystal . Nevertheless , as others have also said , I now wear this watch mainly as a work/dress piece . I wore it a few times on track days because of its motorsports lineage , and to show it off to my weekend-racer buddies , but I was just too nervous of smashing it against the cage of my car in a bad moment . So I got a far less expensive -LRB- but surprisingly nice -RRB- Seiko sports chronometer to wear to the track -LRB- at least when driving -RRB- . There are days , though , when I 'll put away the khakis , and pull out grey , blue or black clothes , just so I can wear this watch -LRB- despite the fact that I also have very nice Baume and Mercier with a brown face and band -RRB- . And I 've been known to spend idle moments playing obsessively with the stop watch . I think it 's an investment you wo n't be sorry to have made .
 Was larger than i expected but oozes quality and a pure classical look with black face and -LRB- croc -RRB- leather strap .
 Fantastic timepiece . The description provided almost didnt do it justice . The company were very helpful and efficient in every aspect from placing the order to delaing with customs etc. . I will definitely do business with them again.JOHN L , IRELAND
 I had researched watches extensively and I know that I got a good price and good value . The watch arrived quickly . It came packaged as if I purchased it at a fine jewelry store with appropriate warranty information in attractive packaging . I had to spend a few bucks to have it size correctly . It is a beautiful watch and is working well .
 I wanted a nice watch that would be elegant enough to wear with my business clothing , but also sporty enough -LRB- and tough enough -RRB- to wear while hiking , horseback riding , and swimming . This TAG Heuer fits the bill . It 's very pretty on the wrist , and I think it has just the right amount of diamonds on the dial -LRB- they really sparkle in the sun -RRB- . It 's neither dainty like dress watches , nor clunky like sports watches , and the dial is large enough that even middle-aged types -LRB- like me -RRB- can read it easily . It arrived very promptly , in its TAG Heuer watch box , carefully packaged , with all the manufacturer 's literature and a booklet explaining Amazon 's warranty . The price was very good . I also liked the fact that you can return the watch within 30 days to Amazon , if it 's not been worn . I 'm keeping this one , but it 's nice to know that you can try it on and see how it looks and feels . -LRB- I 'm also pleased whenever it 's possible to avoid sales tax on a larger purchase . -RRB- All in all , I am very happy with this watch and my purchase experience .
 i bought this watch for my wife to replace a simlarly designed rolex which was always a disappointment . it never kept proper time despite adjustments and regular cleanings . we have both had tags in the past and my day to day watch is a tag , so we were familiar with their reliability . i bought this watch on a whim , after looking for something for her for six months or more . she was thrilled to get it and she wears it every day to work and even when she dresses up to go out . it keeps perfect time and we are pleased with this purchase .
 I love this brand and watch . . As expected , this watch is great . It was time for a new one and this is perfect.Thank You
 This watch is absolutely flawless . I hesitated a little about spending that much money on a watch sight unseen . But it was the smartest purchase I ever made , buying it from Amazon . Some online retailers that discount Tags scratch out the serial numbers , but this watch is perfectly intact . And I ended up getting a better warranty with Amazon than I would have got with Tag . I 'd do it all over again !
 I thought that I knew what I was getting when I ordered this watch . I had looked at many Tag watches before and the reason I ordered this one is because I could n't get it in the store . When it arrived , I was only disappointed because it is the MINI LINK women 's model - but having only seen it online I thought it was the larger ladies model . I thought it was the same size as the Formula 1 with the triple row of diamonds-bezel , but it 's definitely not . This watch is delicate and small . Do n't get me wrong - the watch is very beautiful and my Amazon experience was great . The price is also dramatically lower than the stores I dealt with . However , the watch is just too small . If you 're looking for a small ladies model - it 'll be perfect for you !
 I looked at this same watch at many jewelry stores before finding it on amazon . I saved about $ 1000 and no one knows that I did n't spend retail ! It is absolutely flawless .
 I purchased this watch from amazon for everyday wear . It is beautiful and the diamonds are nice but subtle enough to be worn casually . My only vice with this watch is that it 's highly polished finish is prone to scratching . I will definately have to get if polished whenever I have the battery changed .
 I bought this watch for my wife this past Christmas . All I can say is `` We have a winner '' . She has not taken off since I gave it to her and she raves about how it is her favorite watch to date -LRB- and she has had a few -RRB- . She says that there is nothing bad she can say about it . That 's a score in my book .
 This watch is so beautiful ! You can wear it casually everyday as a regular watch or to an evening party as a jewelry . I like its weight -LRB- but some people might consider it a little too heavy -RRB- . It is not too difficult to remove links yourself if you have good and necessary tools.All in all , here are what I like about this watch :1 -RRB- very beautiful2 -RRB- reasonable price3 -RRB- nice and solid material4 -RRB- genius design links
 This is a very nice watch ... a bit rugged looking though because it is thick . Ebel makes much thinner watches which I generally prefer , but this one is great for more casual wear . The diamonds sparkle against the black background , which is nice . The date and time change functions are difficult because you need a tweezers to unscrew the knob to a point and then you can pull it out to make the changes . Then you have to screw it back in . I like it , but generally prefer a thinner watch .
 First major watch purchase -LRB- over $ 1000 -RRB- for the wife . She was overwhelmed and it was the same watch at a significantly lower price . Shipping was great but make sure you can track your $ 1,000 + watch . Love the Tag and so does she . We 've had it 4 years now and no problems and she still gets compliments .
 I thought the diamonds would be too much but for the price at Amazon , this is a great watch . This was a Christmas gift and my wife loves fact that it is not obvious that watch costs a lot but once you tell somebody it is a tag heuer , then ... . My wife also loves the small size so I lucked out all around . Of course , the no sales tax at amazon is also great .
 I researched this watch to death ; finally decided to buy it at Amazon and count on their warranty , if needed . Worth the cost savings , I think . The watch is beautiful , light , and comfortable . Looks great with casual , athletic , or business clothing . Would highly recommend .
 The individual the watch was purchased for was very surprised and impressed as well , especially since it was gift . He enjoyed the gift and the craftmanship .
 Un reloj de adecuadas dimensiones , comodo en el uso diario ya que es ligero y como no cuenta con la corona hacia el lado de la mano no lastima al movimiento , el brazalete es de pl&aacute;stico muy flexible se adoza adecuadamente al contorno de la mu & ntilde ; eca , al respecto a lo que habia leido en comentarios previos , en mi caso lo he usado diariamente y no he tenido problema alguno respecto a que pierda su adecuada tensi&oacute;n a la mu & ntilde ; eca . Me gustar&iacute;a que la marca se esmerara m&aacute;s en poner marcas luminosas en las horas de adecuada calidad ya que las que tiene este reloj no permiten una adecuada visualizaci&oacute;n de noche ademas de que no es duradero el efecto luminoso .
 I 'm not a golfer so I was a little turned off to this watch at first but if you 're like me and hate taking your watch on and off because it bugs you throughout the day , this one is well worth it . The band is made of silicon as opposed to rubber so it flexes with you throughout the day . What makes this watch unique is the `` band buckle '' is built into the watch casing , giving you maximum comfort . I 've never had to take it off while driving or typing since the band never knocks against anything.In response to another review here about there not being a certificate of authenticity , she is right . However , with Amazon , you get their 5-year warranty and pay about 40 % less than you would at a jeweler or in the mall . At one store I was quoted $ 1250 + tax and they were `` throwing in '' a 2-year warranty . The box , which is hefty , includes everything you would get except the little card but in my opinion , you get much more value with Amazon.If you 're looking for a really comfortable watch , give this one a shot . I think most people would be pleasantly surprised by its feel .
 Somewhat pricey ... certainly ... the unique style and function are worth it . This watch exudes Tag quality ... the build and themechanism are excellent ... the `` golf '' dimpled face creates aneyecatching optical illusion when viewed at various angles . Noregrets whatsoever ... just do it .
 The watch itself is a great watch , good quality and looks nice . The only issue with the watch is that the strap does n't keep snug against the wrist -LRB- which is the purpose of the watch -RRB- . After a few days wear it becomes loose and you have to adjust it to keep it snug . But overall , it 's a nice watch .
 Obviously , I expected good things from this watch or I would not have ordered it . However , the watch has surpassed even my lofty expectations . This watch did cause me some uncomfortable feelings as soon as I got it removed from the very nice box it comes in . One of the first things you have to do is to trim the band to fit your wrist . It may only be me , but I was a little uneasy about taking scissors to something I just received that is also not the most inexpensive thing around . Although , I took my time and trimmed the band -LRB- actually a couple of times -RRB- to find the right fit , the watch has been extremely comfortable . The watch is wonderful about staying in place and I forget it is even there . I play a lot of golf and tennis , which has always meant that my watch had to come off . Not so with this watch . I have played both sports since receipt of the watch and left it on just to see if it was a hindrance of any degree . I can honestly say that I never even noticed that I was wearing the watch . It did exactly as advertised and stayed out of my way . I am also appreciating it at work when at the computer . I can not say enough good things about how nice the band is and how well it does not interfere with whatever activity I find myself doing . If you are looking for a really nice , very attractive watch that has a nice snug fitting band that will not interfere with whatever you want to do , then I would highly recommend this watch to you . My only regret is not buying mine sooner !
 I have been wearing this watch for two years now . Overall it is a great watch . Good size but not too big or too heavy.Only two complaints :1 . The watchband is expensive to replace -LRB- $ 170 -RRB- and most jewlers do not carry it in stock . The watchband is adjusted by a clamp the can cut into the band if not done carefully .2 . After about 15 months , the watch quit working . The second hand kept trying to move but was `` stuck '' . It cost me about $ 100 to have it fixed.Even given the expiernce of the band and the repair , I highly recommend it .
 very useful for what I need ... wore a rolex while playing golf but it could n't handle the sudden movements and this works perfectly !
 I purchased this watch as an anniversary present for my girlfriend -LRB- now wife -RRB- after she tried on many watches in St. Thomas and found this one to be the best style for her . Not only does she wear her Tag every day , she has been scuba diving in this watch , hiking and plenty of other sports activities . So far the only maintenance we have done is to clean and polish it occasionally.One thing I should highlight is that if you purchase this Tag Heuer or any other one that is the `` Link '' style you need a jeweler to adjust the band size . It is very complicated to do on your own.On a side note , I also own a Tag that is 15 years old and has never had an issue , I just replace the battery every 2-3 years and it keeps perfect time .
 This was a special birthday gift for my daughter - and it is beautiful ! She will wear it for business as well as dress .
 I recieved this watch as a gift an estimated 7 or 8 years ago . I love watches and had quite a few ... I ca n't express how much I LOVE this watch ! I am a very small lady , my jeweler had to remove several links for it to fit properly ... This was the heaviest watch I had ever even put on my wrist ... but after only a few days I had fallen in LOVE with it and I tried to wear one of my other watches the following week ... and it felt `` dinky '' ... I took it right off and put my Tag back on ... . it 's been with me every where I go since that day . I do n't wear other watches anymore ... this one dresses up and dresses down ... it 's absolutely perfect ! Just a note
 Perfect , elegant and easy to read watch with great designer name , very affordable . In very expensive looking wooden box.The only minus
 I 've had one of these for a couple years now and enjoy it immensely . I 've got smaller wrists and a lot of the currently in-vogue huge watches just look silly on me . This one is nicely sculpted and I find the strap very comfortable . As you would expect from a TAG product , the fit and finish is very good.Not clear from the photos is that the back crystal allows viewing the movement .
 This is the first time I 've bought a high end watch from Amazon so I was a little nervous , but I 'm very pleased with the purchase . TAG was exactly as described , brand new with all the original TAG packaging and box . I would definetely order a higher end watch from Amazon again .
 The shape , size and looks of this watch is perfect , swiss automatic movement -LRB- even if is stopped you can start it with their crown -RRB- and uniqe appeal . This is the second TAG of my housband and he never has get dissapointed , the quality of their products are really awesome -LRB- including sunglasses -RRB- . The rubber strap is well made and does n't looks or feel cheap , you can use this watch whit casual clothing or even formal dress .
 Love the watch . Rubber strap looks good and does not feel cheap . Perfect to wear to work if you wash your hands often and are worried about getting the straps wet . Nice hefty weight to the watch . Size of the watch is also perfect to me . I do n't like those huge 45mm plus watches !
 Fortunately I think I was one of the last buyer of this wonderfull watch.It 's precious mixing sport and classic style.The seller was very correct with time and delivery.I recommend if you are lucky than I was .
 This clock is so good . And it makes a great gift ! I gave it to my parents for their Anniversary and they loved it !
 I purchased this watch about 3 months ago and have been wearing it off and on in rotation . It is a very elegant an unique looking watch . You will likely never see another watch that displays the time in such a way . That being said it is not easy to simply glance at the watch and tell what time it is . It is more art over usefulness . It has a nice brushed metal look that always gets compliments and a cool second hand that has the 5 second numerals except for 19 and 48 -LRB- replacing 20 and 50 -RRB- . The band looks great but I am not a fan of the button push clasp , it is easy to disengage with mild activity . So dinner or sitting at a desk yes . Clapping -LRB- sporting event -RRB- or doing work around the house no.In review . 5 stars for the watch itself . Keeps accurate time . -LRB- But only time -RRB- and looks splendid .3 stars for the band , Looks good but the clasp is frustrating .
 I just bought this watch a few days ago and I am not disapointed at all ! I love it . It 's so lovely and elagant . It 's not too girly and dainty like my other Fossil watch - which I do love . This one has a hint of masculinity to it but it is absolutely a classy women 's watch . I will most likely wear it to work . And all the time ! The black face is just gorgeous!What great quality for such a low price . Unbelievable!I knew before I bought it that the band was going to be too large for me -LRB- tiny wrists -RRB- so I had to find a way to re-size it . Removing the links took a while to figure out . Once I got it , it was easy . I suggest you google how to remove links from this exact watch before you try to do it yourself . I 've also heard that jewlers can do it for you for a relatively low amount of $ $ . I did n't want to pay any more $ $ -LRB- not that this watch is n't worth it -RRB- , so I am very happy I succeeded in removing the links myself .
 Bought this watch as a gift for my sis . SHe loves it great purchase .
 Bought this for my wife and she loved it . I would recommend this to any guy looking for a beautiful good watch for their queen .
 This watch is very simple in design , a touch of class . Ideal for a smaller wristed man . It is a very thin delicate looking watch . But made with a precision look to it.Robert JungLexington , KY
 This was a Xmas gift for my son . He loves it . He is a young professionaland enjoys classic styling products .
 This is a very nice looking watch . Only downside is its wristband is too long and very difficult to adjust.Casio sent me a how to adjust file and according to its description , this type should be just pushing the pin out , but even Walmart can not do it with pin removal tool.Would otherwise be 5 star without this problem .
 i love this watch . always wanted something that was delightful and expressive of my eclectic electric self . black and Movado and unusual style .
 I purchased one of these LARGE watches at a Swatch store during a recent trip to Europe . It was somewhat of an impulse buy as I generally prefer mechanical timepieces over quartz . Like another reviewer , I had the strap switched out for a stainless steel bracelet when I bought it . It wears very comfortably this way , although the brushed finish of the bracelet is in subtle contrast to the polished case . I have the original strap as well , so I can switch them out if I want to . I believe the crystal is acrylic and will be prone to scratching , but Swatch will re-polish their crystals at their stores if needed or the user can employ a product like Polywatch and touch up the crystals themselves . I prefer sapphire for it 's scratch resistance , but there 's a lot to be said for a material that is soft enough to be maintained by the user at home , as well . Mineral glass , on the other hand , is soft enough to scratch but too hard to repolish in the average home setting . Overall , I find the watch to be well made with a handsome legible dial , the lume is quite effective over a long period of time and the split second chrono is a hoot . Even though it is one of the more expensive watches in the Swatch range , I find it a good value .
 This is MEN 'S watch , not WOMEN 'S ! If you go to Swatch.com , you will find it in their Core Collection for me . I am speechless . I bougt it for my boyfriend after I saw it on Swatch official website first .
 I saw this watch first at Heathrow airport tax free in August but with UK prices being high even there I chose to wait until I could check out Amazon . As Swatches go it 's still a bit expensive but well worth it . To my surprise I have n't had any comments about it but it is a very good looking watch that is a delight to wear . However , I do n't know why they call it a women 's watch . This is definitely a man 's watch or one for a woman who wants a huge watch to stand out . Word of warning , though . If you are a guy with thin wrists , you 'll probably find yourself using the last available hole on the wristband . Even further indication that this is not sized for women . BTW , the wristband buckle is a regular one and not some kind of clasp as sometimes portrayed . Other reviews have mentioned that it scratches easily and this can easily happen . It is a large and bulky watch that you need to be aware of . Definitely one not to wear for any kind of activity that involves tight spaces .
 Great watch . Beautiful color on the dial and leather band.The info on the specs says the Dial window material type is Mineral , it is acrylic . As I see it this is the only thing I do n't like about Swatch watches at this price point .
 I bought this one from a Swatch company store in San Francisco . It performs well and looks great . Very trendy with current styles leaning toward the oversized look . And yet , it is superbly comfortable . This watch has a folding clasp married to the excellent quality leather band , instead of the traditional buckle . A very nice touch . The stop watch chrono is simple to use and precisely accurate . The Chrono features a split time function that is simple to use and and easy to re-set . Time measurements go down to a tenth of a second . Dials are clear , simple and straight-forward . Any racing buffs out there?Re - adjusting for dials that may get miss-aligned from pilot-error , hard bumps , during initial setup or after changing the battery is painless when following the 1-2-3 easy printed instructions.What I have found to be a great innovation is the slotted battery hatch built in to back of the solid stainless steel case , eliminating the PIA of replacing batteries , -LRB- like once every 3-4 years is a pain -RRB- , and seemingly very secure . It 's as easy as changing the battery in a calculator or flash light . Did n't think I 'd like it , but now that I have checked it out , I find it very cool.For me this was an impulse buy and my first Swatch . I paid full retail , which is a few dollars more than listed here . I liked it from the start and have no regrets . I 've had several compliments and this one has zoomed to the top level of favorites in my collection.I have no practical use for a Tachymeter , like the one on this watch . Not a racing fan . However , in all fairness , this Tachymeter is visible , functional and precise . Adds to the `` High Tech '' appearance and overall ambience of the watch.My one dissapointment , however , is that the crystal is absolutely NOT scratch resistant . I 've noticed 2 barely detectable scratches after a couple of weeks of wear . Really-really minor . I would not have noticed if the sun had n't caught it just so . At a glance you ca n't see them at all.As another reviewer suggested , it may be made of plastic or more likely harder acrylic . I tried to determine what material it is made from and could not find it specified anywhere in the Swatch material , web-site or in any other product descriptions . I am used to having scratch resistant mineral or sapphire crystals on most of the watches in my collection . This seems a bit old-school to me.This may turn out to be a plus , as the crystal is huge and has a nice prominant domed profile . As large as it is , a harder , more scratch resistant mineral crystal may just be vulnerable to an impact crack or shatter . A hard sapphire crystal might surely be at risk . This is a very high profile crystal , a feature that adds much to the overall charactor of the watch.My deduction of one star is because of the soft crystal . Other than that , this watch is a beauty , a bargain at the price . Quality all Swiss Made precision and I love it . I 'll just be a bit more careful not to bang it around . It 's way too large to be practical for use in any kind of manual labor , and I would not wear it for this type of activity . Accordingly I 'm confident that any damage to the crystal will be minimal and inconsequential.Definitely a great casual watch for office work or socializing . Noticeable , functional and trendy . I love it .
 I purchased this watch during my visit to Switzerland . When I purchased it , I had the band changed from the leather strap to a steel one.The watch has a large face with prominent numbers and the wearer definitely will feel the weight of the watch.It can be worn in all situations and will be , as the reviewer above listed , the focus of some attention .
 Ive been buying Swatch watches for while.The Price on this was cheaper than other places i saw . Can be worn casual and formal . People have given positive comments about it .
 Ordered this watch on a thursday and receievd it by the following monday . Very fast delivery considering i am located in singapore . The price is fantastic . before i actually made the purchase , i visited the retail store here and got some idea whats the `` actual '' retail price of the watch . The price that the retailers are selling here is about S$ 780 . However , i only paid about S$ 340 for the watch , including freight charges , when i ordered mine through amazon.The watch itself looks better in real life than the pictures shown in amazon . The quality of the watch is fantastic , and coupled with the long history of `` Rotary '' , it really seems that i have got myself a great buy . Though some may argue that the warranty may be a prblem here in Singapore as repair or replacement cost is high as we need to freight back to the original country for repair , the good news is that when it comes to quality brands like Rotary , the watch is made to last a lifetime , with proper handling as well . That would ensure that we need not even need to expect repairs in the early years . i have been a watch collector for the past 15 years and my experience with watches is that the good ones , 99 % of the time , would not require any repair at all . I have 2 antique watches that are about 30 to 50 years old , and with proper care and handling , they are still functionong well today , and they have never been send for repair as well.Hope the above helps
 My old model of this watch died after 16 years of use . I love not having to purchase batteries .
 Nice watch , has the same features of Suunto and Tissot watches costing 3x to 6x more . I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because the band is really crappy . The band fell apart after less than a week . I bought a `` The Band '' , heavier-duty velcro band for it . Wore it skiing in South America in August , and the altimeter / barometer worked very consistently in frequently changing altitudes and weather.Very happy with this purchase . I have a whole drawer full of very expensive Tissot , TAG Heuer , and Breitling watches , yet I somehow wind up wearing one of my three TIMEX watches about 99 % of the time . None of my TIMEX watches cost more than $ 75 . Great product line in general .
 This is a very cool watch from Timex . I have purchased other Timex digital watches , but this is the first Timex watch that consistently maintains the time -- have n't needed to re-adjust the seconds in the month or so that I 've had it.The only downsides are that I have a small wrist for a man and this watch is better suited for large wrists . I actually latch the band in the next-to-the-last slot.Also , your body temperature will affect the temperature reading , so it 's not particularly useful.Otherwise , I am very happy .
 This watch is great . It 's face is not terribly wide , as so many watches are these days . Very elegant looking . The links alternate polished then brushed for a very nice looking effect . Very please with it , especially for the price .
 I love this watch it looks great with any style of clothing . Compliments have come my way the moment I started wearing it . You will not be disappointed . Just think ... I will never have to replace batteries ever again .
 I bought this watch as a gift for my hubby 's birthday . It took me a while to find it because I just had hints of the type of watch he wanted . The gift was purchased and received without any problems at all.The watch arrived neatly packed and it is exactly as it appears on the picture , it is even more beautiful when you have it up close and personal . My husband is delighted with it and he has n't stopped receiving comments and compliments of such a sharp looking watch.If you want to get a nice and affordable watch for the men in your family then this is the one to get . It looks awesome either with casual or formal wear . It gives men a certain touch of distinction because it is different from the common leather , sporty watch.I am pleased with my purchase but most of all I am happy because he is fascinated and it 's just the watch he wanted !
 This is a really awesome time piece . It is stylish and it is really sturdy . I do n't know how many times i have hit this watch -LRB- on accident -RRB- on walls and on the floor and it is yet to have a scratch or dent . I love the stop watch features and ... well , just buy the watch and you 'll know what i am talking about .
 Bought this watch for my son and he absolutely loved it . He is 17 so that is high praise .
 Very Nice Watch . Modern design . Big for a biger wrist.The only bad . The black stainless steel band and case could have a little scratches with the normal use . May be the stainless steel model dont have the same problem , but the black color is very nice .
 A bold chronograph for your wrist . Legible and colorful , this timepiece is accurate , easy to use and a welcome addition for your resort wear collection .
 It is big , but with today standards perfect . Good solid construction . Elegant , sporty modern , exclusive .
 i just recieved this watch about 1 hour ago , , i have no plans to return it . first of all , it is a man 's watch . by that , i mean a big and musculine watch , , i like the color integration , its heavy , but good heavy . its a quality watch u can be sure . the manual is so easy to read . the only thing i didnt like about the watch , was that it looked brighter in the pic , the colors are a bit pale , i dont know if thats amazon 's fault or the company 's fault though , , i definately like the watch , no regret . . especially for 99 bucks , such a bargin
 I love it , it 's like having a new watch but I still have the double faced watch that I was n't willing to part with .
 I like this watch very much . Stylish , real automatic movement , extra ordinary quality . Nice gift . The only one problem is that fold - over-clasp too small . I 'm a regular weight person -LRB- 185 lb -RRB- and I can barely put it on . May be you can help me out and send an additional chain link or two ?? TX a lotBest regardsSergeyp.s . I will recommend that item to my friends . Also I was impressed with the quick delivery - 3 days - standard shipping - Christmas time !!! Great job , TX again .
 I bought this watch a little more than a month ago because I 've really been wanting something beefier . For the past ten years , I 've been wearing the same thin , light Swiss Army watch and figured it was time for something different . I was not disappointed ! It has mass . It 's thick . It 's fairly sizable across the face and very easy to read at a glance . It 's not a honkin ' 52mm Invicta -LRB- which I think are a little too big for me -RRB- but it 's substantial . I 've gotten a lot of compliments on it and I 'm happy with it in every aspect . There are two things that took me a while to get used to and they are -LRB- 1 -RRB- I 've banged it against door frames a couple of times because of the case thickness -LRB- no damage to the watch or door frame ! -RRB- and -LRB- 2 -RRB- I kept thinking it had stopped since the red `` second hand '' is for the stop watch function and is normally at rest in the 12 o'clock position . My Swiss Army also has a red second hand that ticks around the dial so that took some mental adjustment after ten years . I synced the time to my Mac -LRB- which in turn syncs with a time server -RRB- when I first got it and it 's only lost two seconds in that month 's time . I 'm not sure how other watches do with that but I think that 's more than acceptable . For the price , I think this is a nice timepiece . If you 're used to a Rolex or Breitling , this is probably not for you . But then , I ca n't see spending that kind of money on a watch .
 I bought this watch last week for $ 165.00 . It 's easy to figure out and use . Very masculant looking and handsome . The leather band is small . When I wear mine , the leather band can barely accomodate my wrist -LRB- I am using the last hole in the band -RRB- , but then I have large wrists . That is my only complaint . The other timers ' operations -LRB- 12-hour , 30 min and second hand chronographs -RRB- are easy to use . I wish the date window included a month and day reading -LRB- mm , dd , date ie . Jun 29 , Mon -RRB- besides the date . Nonetheless , I am happy with my purchase and it appears like I got a good deal compared to the prices I see on Google shopping search . My other watch is a Casio G-shock atomic watch and it has taken a pounding that most other watches would have wilted from .
 I 'm well known on Amazon.com and looked for a new watch . I 'm a collector for a long time but this watch is the greatest of all ! That it 's waterproof for 200 mtrs is nice but not necessary . Also I 'm not really a sportsman but the possibilities on the chronometers are also very nice . But most of all I like how it looks . It 's quite big with all kinds of gadgets and , for me different , it has a leather band . Nice to know is that I saved 100 euro 's by buying it on Amazon.com .
 Big watch and well made . Keeps time . Its so big you can easily tell time at a glance . Crown is tight and responsive unlike many japanese movements . I like it as much as my Tag link . Good price for a great watch .
 This is a very nice looking watch . Very good quality . In my country -LRB- Montenegro -RRB- the price is EUR 120 higher so I had a good deal . Since Amazon does not ship these kind of items to Montenegro I had to provide different address in other country . Apart from this fact everything else was just excellent .
 I am very satisfied with not only the watch , but the place that I ordered it from . They gave me a time frame and they stuck to it . I think it 's important to keep people informed . If the people ordering items know thatthey are n't just another # , and you let them know where the item is or even if it 's being delayed , then they have a better sense of you have n't forgot about them ... Keep us Informed
 I like the Puma brand , so this watch is up my alley . This watch can be casual or dressed up . The watch band leather -LSB- ? -RSB- is on the cheap side , but for the $ 102 I paid here on sale , I 'm happy . The stopwatch is not terribly readable or useful .
 This is a great and beautiful watch . Its design is clean and modern . I loved it .
 Couple of weeks ago , I had ordered 4 packages of tire lights for my bicycles . Total number of batteries which came with my order was 48 . Believe it or not , each and every single batter , was dead ! Needless to say , I wrote a very poor review of that product.Thinking I had been a sucker for the above listed item , I headed off to our local Wal-Mart . Found that a single AG10 Button Battery was selling for $ 3.86 ! On the way back home , I noticed Radio Shack was still open . Not holding my breath , I entered the store and asked for the AG10 Button Battery . Found Radio Shack sold this item for a staggering $ 3.99 each ! Walking out of the Radio Shack Store the first thought which came to mind was , how I had been suckered into them darned tire lights!After having arrived back home , I went on-line and headed right here to amazon.com to let my fingers do the walking . And I found just what I was looking for , right here upon this page . And if that was n't enough ? The price just ca n't be beat , anyplace else ! Oh and yes , these batteries came fully charged and ready to go . Oh happy days!I do highly recommend this battery and the supplier -LRB- A2V Power , Inc. -RRB- of same to anyone searching for the AG10 battery !!
 I needed the AG10 battery for my calculator . Most places on Amazon were selling them for around $ 4.95 . Here was a whole package of 10 for less than the price for one . I decided to go with the value . Put it in my calculator and it runs fine and has been ever since . Why pay more ?
 This product came on time , it was reasonably priced . It was packaged nicely . It is beautiful and we were very pleased and we would recommend this pocket watch .
 My wife and I bought this watch for our 11 y.o. son last Christmas and he never takes it off ! Thinks it 's so cool that he can wear it swimming , in the shower etc. . . Size is perfect , velcro band very comfortable and he instantly figured out how to set the time and use all features -LRB- alarm , stop watch etc. . . -RRB- Also , he times EVERYTHING now which is at once adorable and annoying ! It 's also inspired him to start running for fun ... laps around the block ... where he uses the watch the time himslf and go for personal records every weekend . Not bad for $ 15.29 !
 I bought this watch for my ten year old son and as soon as he opened the box , he loved it . It 's sturdy -LRB- so far -RRB- and he can wear it in the shower -LRB- which was on his wish list -RRB- . He loves the little man at the top that changes from a bicyclist to a swimmer to a runner ... I hope it lasts a long time !
 My son loves his watch . It 's got everything he needs - time , date , stopwatch . He wears it everywear . He 's sleep with it if I let him . Highly recommended .
 Watch was great but the directions were difficult and not user friendly.They were small and hard to read , made it frustrating .
 Bought this for my mom , and she loved it immediately . The awkward clasp is a bit of a bother , and you can easily drop it while trying to wear it initially . Very poor clasp design indeed . But a great looking watch , and excellent value for the price
 For an elegant ladies watch below $ 100 , this should be the creme of the crop . Same Bulova sells at retail stores for more than double the price . Watch is beautiful , a cross between a gold bracelet and a watch . My wife wears it everyday at work and it also matches her fine get-up when we attend formal occassions .
 Its one of the best product i bought on amazon . Its so cheap and seems to be a watch that could have more than $ 100 . In real , it looks much much better than in the picture . I really had a good expirience by wearing the watch and i will strongly recommend this watch . I live in india and i got this watch within 3 days . So thats fast shipping too .
 This Casio men 's watch looks like an expensive designer dress watch from the likes of Bulova or Calvin Klein , but for much less . Yet , it is not a rip-off imitation watch and Casio is obviously reliable . It almost looks like a bracelet with a watch within it . The design is stark and simple , yet appealing and functional . It took just a few minutes to adjust the metal bracelet using a paper clip ; so no problems there . Its hard to find more value for the buck !
 This is an excellent watch , with practically no weight is an every day use product . The excellent desing and style is just to love it .
 Just the Swatch watch I was looking for and at a great price !! Once you 've worn Swatch you 'll never go watch !!!
 I bought this from Amazon for $ 22 , and it is a great deal . Here is what you get from this watch for a beer budget :1 . Quartz clock accuracy -LRB- + / - 20 sec per month , probably one standard-deviation , so yours is likely to be more accurate than that -RRB- .2 . Anti-scratch mineral crystal watch surface . I accidentally bumped it against a steel nail , and the glass did not scratch .3 . Stainless steel case and screw-in back cover -- should be water-proof for many years even after battery change -LRB- as opposed to a press-and-pop-in back cover that loses its water-tightness after opening -RRB- .4 . Stainless steel band with secure push button clasp should last a few years longer than leather or plastic bands which require constant replacing . I soaked the watch in water on the first day , and it has not rusted after two weeks -- stainless as advertised .5 . A good looking watch with quality workmanship -- smooth and shiney crystal glass with perfectly machined shiney stainless steel surfaces on the case and band . You would think that the watch costs $ 80 ~ $ 100 . The only thing missing from my wish list is the luminating hands and hour-markings . You will not be able to read the watch in the dark . But for 20 bucks , I 'll live with it .
 I was given this watch as a gift 10 years ago . I have worn it almost every day . It is so pretty ... it works nicely when I am dressed up or dressed for everyday at work . I HAVE REALLY ENJOYED THIS WATCH AND PLAN TO BUY Bulova watches from now on whenever I need a new one .
 I love this watch !! I received it as a gift about nine years ago wore it every day . It is a very comfortable watch to wear and it goes with everything . The only problem I had with is was the latch would loosen every couple of years and I would have to take it in for adjustments . The sad thing is it came loose and fell off my arm without me knowing it . I lost it several months ago . In my search for a replacement , I bought three other watches which did n't find a place in my heart like this watch had . I was so happy to see that I could get another one from Amazon .
 Beautifull watch ligth elegant long size strap.i get it for my mom she loved it the machine is exact , the material feals great .
 I received the watch I had ordered exactly on time and in excelent condition -LRB- new -RRB- . I would not hesitate to shop here again .
 This is a stunning watch . It is very thin and has a small face . It might look too small if you have very large wrists . But if you have average or smaller wrists , this is absolutely beautiful . It keeps very accurate time . People give compliments on this watch all the time -LRB- without knowing that it is a Cartier -RRB- , and then when they take a closer look and notice that it is a Cartier , they say `` Of course , it 's beautiful , it 's a Cartier . ''
 Let me be clear , I have not purchased this unit as yet , but after reading the reviews specifically the very negative review which states that the real hands are `` black '' ; in fact emphatically states that they are BLACK ... I contacted a Cartier store located here in Atlanta in Lenox mall . I was told that the specific model in this review comes ONLY with BLUE hands . NOT BLACK ... The photos on the Cartier web site -LRB- I was told by Cartier -RRB- appear to be black due to lighting , but if you go to the Cartier store you too will see that the hands are in fact blue.As I like to say , `` It 's may be ok to be LOUD sometimes , it 's ok to be WRONG sometimes ... BUT IT IS NEVER OK TO BE LOUD AND WRONG at the same time .
 I love my watch . At first , a review scared me it might not be authentic . But I took it to Cartier to have the band adjusted , and it 's definitely real . MY BEEF IS with Amazon . One day after I received the watch they lowered the price to $ 1825 from the $ 1945 I paid for it , and their policy is
 It is my wish to own a Cartier watch especially this . However , there are other things more important than this esp food and my sister 's education of which I shoulder . I love this but I could not afford . I hope that someday this would still be available so I could even just see it , at least . This is my dream watch. : - -RRB-
 Pros
 High quality sporty fun green watch ! The product came in right away , super speedy shipping ! Love it ! The watch is unique with a shiny green strap and yellow face with the 19 and 48 on the face . I do n't know why , but I love that .
 I was so suprised when i saw this watch , beacause that is so perfect just like what i always expected -- a Timex ! Unfortunately , I come form China and live there too , I am not sure how can I get it without credit card -LRB- is there any other paypal without credit card ? -RRB- , beacause I do n't have one yet , but I am sure I will , maybe couple days later .
 it is a nice watch . look elegant and beautiful . The most important is not expensive .
 I was thrilled with the quality of this watch . I purchased it as a gift , and it was very well received . Furthermore , the presentation of the packaging is very beautiful . The watch is easy to wind and very elegant . I would highly recommend it .
 This watch is the perfect size for a woman , the black dial with gold is simple and lovely . The case and strap are higher quality than I expected , and the hands very visible . Only the date window is very small , one can only read the date in good light , but that is a small quibble for what is surely a fabulous value .
 I bought this as a gift and it was admired by all ! Beautiful wood and quality craftsmanship . It was even better than I expected it to be .
 A nice inexpensive Casio watch , works wonderfully . I have MANY Casios and am pleased with all of them .
 This is a great everyday watch for me , as I work in a corporate setting where it is more dressy than casual . I was unsure of the white/glossy looking face but was delighted to see it was more of a mutted sheen to it . I highly recommend this watch for its elegance and polished look !
 The watch is an excellent value . The quality and looks are great . Very pleased .
 This was purchased for my 20 year old daughter . She loves it . I find it to be rather large , but stylish . She loves the bling , and yes , the size too . Not for a tiny boned person - could be overwhelming - but for average to larger boned wrists , it 's really pretty .
 This is a great watch - the price was excellent , and it arrived quickly . I am very pleased with my purchase . Thank you , Amazon !
 Saw this watch in a foreign city at more than twice the price of purchasing on Amazon . The watch has a very readable face and a no-nonsense setting operation . Very please with the look , style and color . If only the date window were a bit larger -- or maybe it 's my eyes ??
 This new calibre from Citizen is available in at least six variations , `` Classic '' case -LRB- straight lugs -RRB- or `` Contemporary '' case -LRB- curved lugs -RRB- in stainless , two-tone , or goldtone . This review applies to the `` Contemporary '' two-tone . For a production watch fit and finish are excellent . The bracelet has five cross links with solid end links providing a comfortable tracking of your wrist shape . The clasp is single deployment fold-over with a dual button release -LRB- no accidental deployment possible -RRB- . The case is of contemporary curved lug shape with a one step bezel . The bezel and sides are high polish while the lugs are brush finish . The bezel is gold in the two-tone . The mineral crystal is flat and merges cleanly with the main bezel . The two crowns are of conventional size . Both crowns are gold in the two-tone . The three o'clock crown is a `` screw down '' and acts as a lockable sleeve for the month adjustment pusher . The four o'clock crown pulls out in the conventional manner . In position one , the moon phase is set via clockwise rotation and the day-of-month is set via counter-clockwise rotation . In the second position the time of day and day of week are simultaneously set by clockwise rotation . See instruction manual for correct sync of day , date , and time functions.The dial is a translucent `` ivory '' tone to my eye . The inner dial has an attractive scalloped sunray texture . The outer chapter ring contains the day of month register -LRB- 1 to 31 -RRB- in black font on a satin silver-gray background . The next innermost chapter ring has applied bold ouline stick markers with luminova -LRB- or equivalent -RRB- fill at the hour positions -LRB- gold outline in two-tone -RRB- and normal black stick markers at the minute positions.The day of week register at 9 o'clock has a black stick hand which is easily read . Monday through Friday legends are in black , Saturday in blue , and Sunday in red -LRB- a nice touch -RRB- . The month register at 4 o'clock consists of concentric semi-curcular registers . The inner register having months 1 to 6 , and the outer register 7 to 12 . A single black hand has `` cup '' shaped ends , one of which embraces the current month integer -LRB- 1 to 12 -RRB- . See `` magnified '' watch image if available.The moon phase register at 7 o'clock has a conventional dark-blue sky background with a dark `` pumpkin '' colored moon in the upper portion . The bottom of the register is decorated with a fan of nicely textured radians.The hour and minute hand are nicely shaped gold outline with luminova -LRB- or equivalent -RRB- in the broad portion of each hand . The second hand is black ending in a point on both ends . The day of month hand is gold with a red `` cup '' -LRB- another nice touch -RRB- at the end which embraces the day of month integer.The movement is the tried and true `` Eco-drive '' -LRB- solar powered -RRB- that Citizen introduced many years ago . When you receive the watch it will not be running due to lack of light source in storage and shipping . An initial `` charge '' of direct light for 4 to 8 hours will get you going . Subsequently 4 or more hours of artificial light or low sun-light per day will sustain operation . Prolonged exposure to light over a period of days results in a `` full charge '' which will sustain operation for up to six months without further exposure to light . Thus you can store the watch during periods of inactivity without need for a re-charge and reset of time/day/date / moon-phase . This watch is available at very attractive street prices that make it a super value with the fit , finish , and complications that it offers .
 I have added pictures of this watch as the one placed by amazon comes no where close to demonstrating the beauty of this time piece.I checked this out at several local places and I found the discounted street price to be right at $ 400 . Great buy here on amazon.As I noticed a very good and well written review already published I will point out a few things I do not believe were mentioned . First , Citizen gives you a full 5 years of warranty on this watch . Second , I have four other moon phase watches and none have the ease of setting this piece has . In that light I would also mention along with your manual you receive a DVD that can be run in a player or computer that will have you setting all functions and wearing your watch in about 10 minutes.Lastly , If you view the pictures I have posted you will find the calendar functions very much different than you find on other watches . This will make your time piece distinctively different than others.At $ 300 or less this watch is a bargain . At the today 's stated price of $ 225 it is a best buy ! I rate this time piece at fully 5 stars and I highly recommend it !
 I am also very fond of moonphase watches , and have several , but this one , AP1024-56P from Citizen is magnificient.Accurate , easy to view , light , no need for batteries -LRB- Eco-Drive -RRB- . It has also day , date , and month arms . Especially the date , encircled with a red crescent , is very easy to read . What else you expect ? This is a grand-complication watch , which you pay at least 6,000 USDfor the mechanical equivalents -LRB- and they do n't go accurate -RRB- . This watch , can also be more easily seen in dark , as the hour marks are also luminous , apart from the hour & minute hands.I wish it would be Perpetual Calendar for few bucks more ... Do not hesitate a second . There is no equivalent to it . Excellent value for money . - Enjoy ! - Ergun Talu
 This Eco-Drive Watch is practial and professional . The moon phaseset is tricky , however once set it 's a real assist to the watchface . I believe a 5 score is modist , however well deserved .
 I am especially fond of watches , and this one has quickly become my favorite ! Easy to set , comfortable to wear , a must for those who like moon-phase watches .
 I have owned several Citizen watches . They have all been accurate , reliable , and attractive . The EcoDrive is a high-tech wonder . The watch never needs a battery . The EcoDrive is charged with light.This watch is easy to read . I just love it . I 'm not sure how much my wife paid for it . Hopefully , not retail.I higly recommend this watch for anyone looking for a high quality analog watch .
 I purchased the `` Moon phase '' Citizen Men 's Calibre 8651 Two-Tone Watch #AP 1024-56P from a third party vendor on Amazon.com for $ 299.99 . It 's worth every cent . This is simply the finest time keeping piece I 've ever owned . It remains true right to the very second , for weeks on end . It 's literally + / - 0 -LRB- yes , zero -RRB- seconds per months . I 've used it for about 2 months now and am extremely pleased with the high quality , not to mention the weight and heft , of this model . All functions/settings are exceptionally easy to set , including the moon phase and second hand . I 've had more expensive watches , but this one is the best . It 's nice enough for dress occasions and serves as an everyday watch too . It 's truly built to last . I very nearly turned up my nose on buying a Citizen ; I 'm absolutely happy I bought this watch .
 I ca n't say much more , the pictures uploaded really do the watch justice on good this watch looks ; if you 're looking for a ` dress ' watch : - two-tone , nice gold shiny accents - lunar dial -LRB- bonus easy to adjust , do n't underestimate ! -RRB- - face pearl finish , really overall classy lookThe final killer
 My Husband Really loved this watch . He has recieved lot 's of compliments since I gave it too him for a gift .
 The most important thing about a watch is that it works , and I mean accurately . I have never gone wrong with a Citizen and it is the same with this watch.The only complaint I have is that I have to manually set the day of the month setting for every month that does not have 31 days . It might not seem like a big deal , but when one buys a watch that never needs winding or a battery replaced one has some expectations .
 I 've had this watch for a couple of weeks and received several compliments on it - it 's a good looking `` dressy '' watch with month , day-of-week and moon phase dials . Not interested in knowing the phase of the moon ? Me either . I guess it 's more for looks than anything else . Hands glow in the dark so you can view at night -LRB- with practice -RRB- . I bought mine for $ 225.00 on Amazon .
 Beautiful watch . Exactly as described . Much better price than available locally . My 3rd Citizen -- quality in a fine looking timepiece .
 Keeps great time . Comfortable . Sometimes I forget how to change the date on short months and adjust moon phase instead . That is my problem . I look forward to Citizen longevity without changing batteries . I bought an Eccodrive for the wife too .
 I bought this watch for my husband . This watch has it all - time , date , day of the week and phase of the moon . It is rather complicated to get all of the settings correct , but it comes with detailed instructions so we did n't have any trouble . This is our second eco-drive solar powered watch by citizen and in my experience with my own watch which is now almost 5 years old , the solar power feature works beautifully . Citizen makes excellent quality watches .
 I bought this watch as an anniversary gift for my husband -LRB- who is very particular about his watches -RRB- and he actually thought it was a very nice looking watch with all the right features ! I love the look and the fact that it 's an eco-watch so no more batteries . The only downfall if you call it that is that it takes some time to set the watch and it has to be done in a specific order ... the directions are easy to follow , though .
 I have had this watch for two years and I love it . I just make sure it gets a little sun once in a while . It has never stopped and I 've gone many months over the winter giving it virtually no direct sunlight .
 Citizen is known for quality and this one is no exception . An all terrain watch -LRB- if u can call one -RRB- with amazing features and zero maintenance . The Moon cycle havent been of much use to me , but it still enhances the look of the watch . The Black dial and the sturdy case and the Eco-drive really makes the watch a real worth for its money . The dial is easily viewable from any angle and the radium in the watch hands are bright enough even in pitch darkness . The knob to adjust date is but hard but you get used to it .
 Been wanting a new watch for a while . I had problems with my Seiko kinetic and a Swiss Army that crapped out . I 've got an older ESQ which is by far the best watch I ever owned and wanted to get another . But none of the new ones caught my eye . I must have looked at a couple of hundred watches here on Amazon and settled on this one . The eco-drive attracted me -LRB- no more batteries and I have sworn off kinetic -RRB- but the looks on this one are great . The stainless steel really shines and the overall look is very sharp . The picture above does not do it justice . The band takes a bit of getting used to but once you do , it is great because with the metal clasp , the leather wo n't wear out from taking it on and off . Just got it a couple of weeks ago but so far , I could n't be more pleased .
 This watch was purchased as a Christmas present for my husband who has very particular tastes when it comes to watches . Neither of us were disappointed with this one . The hand movements are precise ; the calendar and moon phases work well ; the leather band is very attractive and has an easy one touch clasp . The solar eco-drive charging has not been an issue at all and it keeps time well . We highly recommend this watch to anyone with an affinity for fine timepieces .
 This watch was a gift for my husband it looks great on him , it was easy to set and easy to use . The only thing I do n't like is that it was a little big on him .
 I typically look for a watch with an alarm , stopwatch , 24 hour time , dual time , a count down timer , waterproof , and that does n't look like I have a huge contraption on my wrist . This watch has all that plus some.It has 5 alarms ; of which Alarm # 1 has a snooze function . The snooze alarm turns off after 10 seconds , repeats every 5 minutes for half an hour . There is no convenient way to turn off the snooze feature -LRB- you have to disable alarm 1 and then re-enable it if you want it to go off again tomorrow -RRB- , so I tend to let it go off for 30 min -LRB- 7x 10 seconds -RRB- . Obviously , that will drain the battery more quickly.The feature that turns on the light when you `` flick '' your wrist works fine for me . It has to be turned on and turns itself off after 6 hours -LRB- which is smart -RRB- . That could be a bit longer , since if you go to bed at 11 PM , you still need the watch to light up at 7 AM . However , the motion to turn on the light is pretty hard to accomplish while lying down , so is obviously not intended for that . Basically I am nit-picking . For walking or sitting around in the dark , and wanting to know what time it is whithout having to let go of your drink or your wife 's hand , it works great!The only downside of the watch is the volume of the alarms . Do n't count on the watch to wake you up , unless you wake up from the slightest noise . The upside of that is that the hourly chime does n't alert everybody in the room , that your watch is beeping.I am not sure what the litle circular thing is on the face . Dashes are added around the edge of that circle , so that the circle `` fills '' every 10 seconds . In countdown mode , that runs in reverse . I suppose it could be used as a 10 second timer . For taking someone 's pulse , a 15 second timer would make more sense . It is not any kind of draw-back , just not all that functional.The buttons are sometimes -LRB- especially in the dark -RRB- hard to find by touch . They do n't stand out from the watch body very clearly -LRB- again
 I have to take medication in the middle of the night and my alarm clock always woke up my husband , so I bought this watch . It works perfectly and it 's so cute , I sometimes wear it all day too !
 convenient features
 `` Better than G-Shock ?! He must be sick ! NOTHING is a better sport watch than G-Shock ! `` There are a lot of G-Shock collectors that will feel that way ^ . But hear me out . I would say the G-Shock is more of either an * extreme * sports watch ; like mountain climbing or white water kayaking , and maybe a better everyday watch . But this one has the heart rate monitor feature , which makes it a much more useful workout companion.The heart rate range we should strive for during a workout is 60-85 % of our max . heart rate . -LRB- Max = 220 - age -RRB- So the watch helps a person to stay in his sweet spot without overdoing it . G-Shock ? One would have to stop exercising to manually take one 's pulse . Not ideal.The display on this watch is bigger than that of any G-Shock , even though the watch is slimmer ; and the digits are nice & dark against the background.The stopwatch can be linked to the work out , so that when one 's starts it , it starts logging data , and when you reset it , it saves that data to memory . Recalling that data is as simple as going to the next screen and pressing the upper right button to scroll through that data . -LRB- I 'm mostly interested in how many calories I burnt and how long the workout was . -RRB- Same for the countdown timer . There is an option for two countdown timers for interval training
 Good watch for sport activity outdoor.I bought it as a gift for my brother . Brother , I really like it . He wears it all the time to exercise .
 Funciona perfecto para monitorear mi ritmo cardiaco mientras troto o monto bicicleta , el nivel de precision es muy bueno.Es sencillo de usar , el transmisor es comodo y no molesta al hacer ejercicio .
 The watch arrived in 4 days and is terrific . I have had it for about a month and it has gained 5 seconds . that is great !
 I bought this six months ago on Amazon and have worn it everyday since . It is a great watch due to the look and its weight . Clearly , and I knew this when I bought it , the titanium has a different finish than stainless steel . It is duller and not as `` shiny '' . The advantage of this is the weight . I have a relatively small wrist and this is a great watch because it is big -LRB- 45mm wide -RRB- and looks like it weighs 10 pounds , but the titanium makes it much lighter . It is a good size watch and sits off your wrist a ways , however , this is the style now and it looks very good . I did put a very small scratch on the face when I bashed it on my granite countertop , but in general , I have hit it alot -LRB- again , big watch -RRB- and that is the only scratch . I will also say , the titanium holds up very well and due to the duller glow it has , you really ca n't see any abuse on it , which is much better than shiny stainless , which is noticeable after it gets scratched .
 I choose this watch out of all watches under $ 600 on the web . I have not been disappointed . It is large , solid , and light weight thanks to the titanium . It is one of the nicest watches Citizen makes . The alarm is usable and stopwatch feature is great . The Tachymeter will not do any good unless you are timing something over a hundred miles per hour , but no big deal . Great Watch !!
 I was looking for a replacement for a casio digital watch which I had for a long time , and felt like getting something I could keep for a while . This watch is seriously better looking in person than the picture given online , and you will not be dissatisfied . It came about 1/4 charged , and took a little more than a week for it to go to full and stay there . It 's very easy to read , and I was surprised that it had an alarm on it . It is not the loudest , but still is enough to wake me up in the morning . The titanium band is pretty slick looking , and feeling . I pretty much agree with all the other reviews . Purchasing this watch is one of the best presents I ever got for myself : -RRB-
 I got this watch some couple of months ago and absolutely loved it . It looks , feels and functions really good and got lots of positive comments from my peeps . Now for the reason i cant get give it a 5-Star -LRB- i really wish i could -RRB- ; IT DOES NOT HAVE PERPETUAL CALENDER . i was looking for a watch with all of the 2100 qualities and also with perpetual calender . I hate the fact that i have to manually adjust my watch and painfull enuf , i have to leave with this flaw.If you dont mind a watch without a perpetual calender then you would love this watch and literally bite the finger off of anyone that puts their finger on it but i want a watch with perpetual calender and this doesnt not fully cut it for me .
 You can get it over 50 % off from alternate websites . I was shocked when I noticed amazon did not have the lowest price . I have no issues with the product and I love it to death but I would not recommend paying the uber high price listed on Amazon . Take your money elsewhere for this fine piece of engineering .
 it 's a great watch.i 'm shocked that a i have n't put a scratch on it yet.i wear it all the time.i work in the yard i lift weights and it gets banged around alot , and still looks like new .
 I have had this watch for about 6 months , there are two things that i love about this watch i love the fact that it is made of titanium , , it is very light and very scratch resistant casing and bracelet ... the other thing that i really love about it is that it 's powered by light : -RRB- my only two complaints are that i wish the glass was a saffire crystal ... instead of the mineral crystal . . and that the alarm is not really precise it could be off by 10-15 minutes.I paid it 300 $ very very good deal : -RRB- i have had a few compliments on this watch ... the grey titanium look is very cool .
 The watch is very nice and I recieve alot of compliments . I think the watch is very cool and will survive with all of my swiss automatics and swiss quartzs watches .
 I bought this for my husband ; it 's an absolutely beautiful watch that keeps accurate time . The watch 's face is very large , so it 's not a good choice for those with small wrists.It has an easy to use stopwatch/timer that my husband uses every time he barbecues & he 'd need to write a review to tell you what all the other dials on the face can do -LRB- I tell him that I 'm not adequately degreed to tell time with his `` clock '' -RRB- . He is very pleased with the watch and he -LRB- unlike me -RRB- does know how to make good use of all the various chronographic dials . The watch does track the date & Citizen 's Eco-Drive technology is awesome -LRB- uses solar power to keep the battery charged -RRB- . A fabulous , good looking , functional watch -- highly recommended .
 I purchased this watch about a year ago and to describe it in a simple way , this watch is just perfect . From its performance and durability to its price range , you will simply not find another watch like this one for just over $ 500 . I did my research on this watch for a while and had another Citizen and a Seiko in mind but the Eco Drive Titanium Calibre 2100 just caught my attention . This watch can be easily compared to any mechanical watch such as Tag or Breitling and it costs only a fraction of the price of all those other watches . I can say that I am extremely happy with this purchase and I wear this watch every single day and never had an issue with it.I would recommend to send the watch to Citizen in California to replace the mineral glass to a sapphire glass . I did this for about $ 100 shipping and taxes included and I am very glad I did , the sapphire glass is such a better kind of glass that is scratch proof , after almost 1 year of wearing this watch I am yet to see one single scratch on it.This watch is perfect for anyone who wants a very elegant and extremely reliable time piece without spending a couple thousand dollars .
 Excellent product , met all my expectations and some . Great looking watch , gives watches that are far more expensive a heavy run for their money.Highly recommended product , I would certainly buy it again !
 I 've had this watch for over a month and wear it where ever I go . My other watches sit in a drawer with their dead batteries and will probably never see the light of day for a long time if ever . To all the people who worry about scratching the mineral crystal ... I had some left over cell phone screen covering , you know the one they use to cover helicopter blades with . I cut out a circle the same diameter as the crystal and slapped it on ... it works great . I wear it everywhere . Anyways check out the watch you 'll love it .
 I spent a long time time making the decision to get the Citizen 's Calibre-Ti , but after 2 months it as the best watch I 've ever owned . -LRB- 2 Invitas , a pathfinder , another Citizen Eco , A Casio dive watch , a Diesel , etc. -RRB- I have n't worn any of my other watches since I bought it.ProsAwesome size in a metallic color scheme that goes well in suits as well as jeans.Large enough to make an impression , and proportionally match a 6 ' 2 '' , broad shouldered guy like myself.Light enough not to hurt my wrist -LRB- my right wrist -RRB- being on a mouse & keyboard all dayConsDate reset issue is a minor erk , yes it only takes 10 seconds ever other month to manage . Nonetheless it does leave you a little ... Uncertain if the date is correct when you have to do the math if you 've changed it recently ... not enough to ruin my experience.UndeterminedHaven ' t yet seen any scratches despite a few rough -LRB- unintended -RRB- scrapes to its face . Shows a little wear on clasp , only noticeable by me , and could be buffed out if it ever got bad.Charge seems to bounce between full and 75 % depending on day night ?
 I love this watch so far ! Ive had it for about 2 months and everything about it is great . The weight is just right , I feel if I went with the steal band it would be too much for my arm . Like many have said , you do n't get a good feel for it until you see it in person.One thing that does make this watch sub par is the crystal . I bought the watch and a week in I put a hugh scratch in the crystal . Scratching it is very easy because the crystal is not flat with the case . It sticks out a mm or so . HOWEVER I took the advice of someone else who wrote a review and sent it to citizen to get the crystal replaced with sapphire . It cost me $ 96 total . With this they changed the crystal and did a water test where they tested it at 21 bar . Also the sapphire crystal sits flat with the case . I HIGHLY recommend sending this watch in to get the sapphire crystal . It will last you.My last advice is keep looking around for the price . Amazon seems to be pricey at times but if you keep an eye on it you can get a good deal . I was able to get mine from amazon new for $ 350 . So keep an eye out.All in all I love this watch , the alarm could be louder and more precise but the feel and look give this watch a 5 star . Not to mention the good feeling inside knowing you will never have to replace a battery in your life.After a year use the sapphire crystal has not a scratch and the time peace is still lasting me
 Do you want an elegant watch ? A watch that can be worn with anything , Titanium made and really beautiful ... this is how I would describe my new Calibre 2100 . It came fully discharged but in about 2 hours it will be fully charged under sun light and ready to be worn ! The `` official '' picture is not as good as it looks in real life , check the customers-uploaded pictures , they are more realistic and give a better glimpse of it .
 This product is everything I expected it to be . And it is surprisingly light , thanks to the Titanium body . The metal band does n't pull on your hair . The date needs to be set every other month , but that just takes 10 seconds , so it does n't really bother me . It leaves quite an impression - great looks . I does not have a saphire glas , but so far I have been bumping into several things without any scratch.In my opinion a great watch for the money - and you really ever have to worry changing the battery , thanks to ECO-drive .
 This is the Great watch . I have it from seller in the US . I am just wondering why all Citizen watches in the US market will not come with Sapphine crystal . What is the big deal ? Still this watch is still fine on my wrist for almost a month . But like other have said , it will be bullet prove if it comes with Sapphine . The price is a big bonus too . In my country the cheapest one -LRB- of course , Sapphine one -RRB- will cost US$ 850 . But I bought it on web at only US$ 300 . What a hugh different !! Very happy with this great watch .
 This watch would be perfect if they used a sratchproof sapphire crystal rather than an easily scratched mineral crystal . They put sapphires on their Asian Ti models ... . Sapphire can only be scratched by sapphire , Ruby , or Diamond . Mineral can be scratched by almost anything . Mineral is a bit better shatterproof , but the tradeoff is not worth it considering most people scratch their crystals rahter than shatter them . The dial is HUGE and I have to wear it carefully . Having a sapphire would be much less stressful . Put it this way , you vould drag a sapphire crystall watch against concrete and it would n't scratch the crystal . Try that with mineral . BTW the sapphire crystal is NOT that expensive and I have seen them on $ 300 watches.That aside , the watch is awesome . The Ecodrive is an awesome technology . This and Seiko 's kinetic is the ONLY quartz I would buy . I could n't be bothered with battery changes . I usually stick to mechanical watches , with focus on Swiss and German , but Citizen 's Eco Drive has earned a place in my collection.The detail is unbelievable , from the dial to the case and bracelet . The Titanium is so light and unlike steel it does n't make my wrist smell bad when I sweat . My skin must react stinkily with steel where Titanium is more neutral of a metal . So far the braclet has n't scratched either . The Titaniukm carbide coating is so tough that its all the more shame that they did n't go all out with a scratch proof sapphire crystal . With that this watch would be bulletproof.Maybe when the majority of the American watch buying public learns the difference between mineral and sapphire and wants to pay a few dollars more for it things will change.Other than that a great watch . Solid , Heavy , ecodrive , quartz accurate yet no battery changes needed . The chrono seconds hand has a smooth sweep for a quartz . The true seconds hand ticks but its small in a subdial . The large seconds hand is the stopwatch hand and that one moves nicely . That is what convinced me to get this watch . BTW one minor issue for some is that apparently the chronograph part of the movement is not shock proof , so if you were timing something and it got jarred badly it could cause the hands to not realign . The watch has a cleaver `` reboot '' function but the manual states that sometimes this does n't work for the chrono misalignment due to shock . That shocked me . Citizen should fix that . The entire movt should be shockproof . So , we have a great looking sport chrono where the chrono is n't shockproof and the crystal is easily scratchable ... . Fix that , Citizen . I 'll pay more for it , just fix it in these 2100 's . The night time lume glow is great and a nice blue color . This is a great watch for the price asked . Basically Citizen does this by putting their Japanese technology into a Chinese manufactured good . The manufacture is very good . Citizen must oversee the manufacture in China or Hong Kong . -LRB- which also is China -RRB- Citizen 's US customer service is top rated bar none . I have dealt with them and their 5 year warranty is the best in the business . Buy a Citizen with CONFIDENCE . The Swiss and even Seiko can take a lesson from Citizen USA .
 Was little worry about purchasing this watch . This my first Citizen.Got the watch today , the size of the watch is about 10-15 % bigger than regular watch sold in the market . Due to it 's size , I would only recommand you get it in Titanium ... unless you build like Aronold . S.S. Version is about 6.5 oz more than 1/3 lbsBig Watch has it 's advantage of being easy to read . The Picture on Amazon does not do Calibre 2100 Titanium Watch any justice . It look much better in person.The Craftmanship was superb , one of the few watch that 's still being hand assembled in Japan . Links was well designed .5 Star Watch ** Note ** This watch come with 5 years warranty ... other company only give you 1-3 years warranty.For those who worry titanium gon na scratch easy . . compare to S.S. version ... Citizen taking care of the problem by using TICC -LRB- Titanium Carbide Coating -RRB- The E2100 Chronograph has Citizen 's own TICC -LRB- Titanium Carbide Coating -RRB- . Titanium is virtually rust proof and is allergy free . The coating achieves a hardness of 1,000-1 ,200 Hv , making it almost scratch proof . As a result , it will stay unblemished and maintain its appearance for many years .
 Just received it , immediately struck by the size -LRB- large -RRB- and the weight -LRB- light -RRB- . I brought it to my jeweler to have the band sized and he liked it so much that he took the model down to order some to sell at his shop . The eco-drive is very cool and the watch is very visible in the dark . Highly recommended .
 Good looking piece of time keeping . I was looking for an upgrade from my all purpose watch , and decided that I did n't want to just pay for a name , or something made in Switzerland that I could climb Everest wearing without the lubricant freezing , or wear while scuba diving to the Titanic . Looked at several brands and compared options and reviews . I wanted something that had an alarm , chronograph , decent water resistant depth , and did n't need batteries . When I came across the 2100 I really liked the look . I tried on the stainless version and found out it weighs 5lbs . I liked the features and look so much I decided to get the 2100 , but get the titanium version . I do like the look of the ss version better , but overall the titanium is a good looking watch . The titanium weighs about the same as my 3/4 size all purpose watch so it does n't feel how big it looks . The alarm is straight forward and easy to use . The chronograph shows 1/4sec increments which is good -LRB- if you could push the button that fast -RRB- . The watch even showed up 3/4 charged and set to the correct time and date -LRB- 12hrs off though -RRB- . Overall , I 'm very happy with my purchase , and would recommend this watch to anyone .
 Titanium for super light weight , eco drive for no battery , Breitling styling for short money and incredibly acccurate to boot . An extraordinary watch at an extraordinary price . You ca n't miss with this one -LRB- and I have Italian and European watches that retail for three to four times the retail price of the Calibre . -RRB-
 Purchased this watch little while ago and I LOVE it ! The materials used in the construction of this watch are top notch . At first I did n't really want to spend the money on this watch since I already had a watch of similar price -LRB- Seiko Kinetic -RRB- . Now after purchasing this watch , the Kinetic has been sitting on the sidelines . I prefer the principle of the solar power to having to replace batteries or manually wind it using the Kinetic feature.The watch is huge though . I 'm a big guy and it swallows up my wrist . Not too gaudy so when people notice it and get a closer look the watch really shines.I was a little concerned about having such a large crystal . Thought it could get scratched easy , but after wearing it for a while and bumping it on things , it has not picked up one scratch.Overall , because of the price and the quality of this watch made it a deal I could not pass up . From what I hear titanium is significantly stronger than steel , and much lighter . The watch is pretty light but substantial enough to know you 're wearing quality.Only thing about this watch I might complain about is it 's thickness . The back makes the watch protrude up pretty high so this is no thin watch . Another thing is the crystal looks like it 's bulletproof with glass that thick . It should help with scratches but the highest point on the watch is the crystal , and not the bezel as I would have thought.Have fun .
 This is a really well made timepiece . The craftsmanship is excellent and since the frame is made of titanium , the watch compared to it 's size is very light weight indeed . The mechanism and all the moveable parts turn and twist smoothly and with great precision . It feels very solid and acts very solid . It 's by far the most attractive timepiece I have ever owned.With the Eco-Drive technology and the lovely chronograph feature , this watch can best be described as complex but simple . So if you are considering buying a watch which is practical with some lovely features added and of course ending the hassle of ever needing to change the battery . Look no further I assure you wo n't be disappointed . Thank you .
 Quick , what 's the difference between a higher end Citizen watch and a Tag or Omega or a Rolex ? The answer is price ! Not only is the Citizen watch made to incredibly high standards , but it looks outstanding and never needs a battery ! You get all this for a fraction of the price of the other watches . Even with the Citizen price increase on December 1 of last year , the Calibre 2100 Titanium and other Citizen models in this price range are ridiculously under-priced . I currently own four Citizen Eco Drive solar watches and three of them are Titanium models . I own the gold toned stainless steel Moon Phase watch , the Titanium Nighthawk , Titanium Skyhawk , and the Calibre 2100 . They are all superb , but I must say that the 2100 is the most impressive of the bunch . The 2100 is also easy to read and operate . So while my James Bond Omega Seamaster watch sits in a drawer waiting for me to find the time to send it for expensive repairs , and my wife 's Rolex loses time , my Citizen watches just keep on trucking along !!!
 The 2100 has an ease of use unmatched in previous Eco-drive watches . The watch comes with a small instructional CD which will have you using all of the functions within 15 minutes.I ruined earlier versions of the Eco-Drive watches trying to adjust dates and set digital time features . They required a degree in mechanical engineering to operate . This is not the case with the 2100 . Although not a perpetual calendar , the 2100 's date feature is easy to set and really can not be seen as a down side.The Titanium band is cool in the summer and much lighter than stainless steel . The double locking clasp is a big plus . I previously had problems with past Eco-Drives coming unlatched at the clasp . A real pain if you 're into sports or other physical activities . I believe the people at Citizens really took past complaints seriously and tried to remedy those problems in the 2100 . Another big plus is the multi-purpose nature of the watch . The 2100 can act as a dive watch , a sports chronograph and a quality business time piece for travelers . I have owned Rolex , Omega and other so-called `` top of the line '' watches . This one has them beat.The only problem with the watch is Citizens use of a mineral crystal instead of a quality sapphire crystal . However , do n't let this dissuade you . I use quality eye glass scratch filler which can be purchased at Wal-Mart . The scratch cover does not obscure the view and creates a crystal clear finish while filling in the scratches.In conclusion , this is a top quality watch . No , a world quality watch and hopefully the last I will ever own . I highly recommend this time piece .
 I have had this watch for about a year now and I ca n't tell you how much I like this watch . Just a little tip for those thinking about buying this watch but want a sapphire crystal , Citizen USA will now replace the mineral crystal on this watch with a sapphire crystal for a small fee and also have it pressure and water tested . Call them to get a quote.This watch looks amazing and is very comfortable to wear . As a matter of fact , out of the 60 plus watches I own/have owned , it 's the most comfortable watch I have owned . Part of it is due to the fact it 's titanium but also the fact that the pushers and crown sit high up in the case so it comes no where close to your wrist so no buttons dig in to your wrist . I get many compliments on it . I love wearing this watch . It has really good lume , made of Titanium , has 200m WR , works on the sun and is light but looks like it weighs a ton . This is one of my favorite watches ever !! . I bought a bunch for relatives and friends and they always tell me that people comment on this watch . I could only imagine what the swiss would charge for a titanium watch with 294 parts in it ?! . I have owned and own many swiss brands from Omega -LRB- over 10 of them of which 6 were planet Oceans -RRB- , Rolex , IWC , Breitling , Baume Mercier and more and in the whole time I have collected watches , no watch comes anywhere close to what you get for the money with this one . This watch has to be one of the best values in watches ever ! . Not only that , it also gets me more compliments than any other watch I have ever owned . Even if this watch was 3 times the price , it would still offer more for the money than any other watch out there.The reason is that this watch has everything from a super accurate movement which contains 294 parts and 3 stepping motors when most watches have one -LRB- just to give you an idea how complicated this watch is -RRB- . I also like and use the chronograph a lot . The chrono also has a mechanical feel which is real nice . I also like that its Eco Drive as well as titanium which light and strong . Many of the watches movement is assembled by hand . For example , out of the 70 chronograph parts , 39 are assembled by hand . Out of the alarms 28 parts , 23 are hand assembled . All 13 parts of the calendar are hand assembled . Out of the 18 setting function parts , 14 are hand assembled . Out of the 9 parts for the solar cell , 8 are hand assembled . This watch is very complicated and a lot of hand assembly went into it . I think this watch is a super value !!!
 I always look for a very good watch , and I found that Citizen makes one of the least expensive watches .
 Everything is marvelous about this watch , accepts the alarm . They say that it is accurate within five minutes , but I find it more close to 15 minutes off my intended time . Also , shop around . If you can wait a couple of days you can get it for around $ 300 . Less than the $ 450 I paid for it on sale . Anyhow , the titanium is really nice because it makes the otherwise bulky , heavy watch much lighter than stainless steel . But , whatever ... it 's a watch .
 With this watch , Citizen came very close to making a product that would be perfect and truly compete with many better Swiss offerings . + The titanium case and band keep the mass low . This watch , although bigger than my Tag Heuer Aquaracer , is actually lighter . + The chronograph has a crisp feel and action to it . Flyback operation is a nice touch . - The mineral glass crystal is the major negative here . If this watch came with a sapphire crystal , it would have received five stars . + / - The alarm is a nice feature , but it is not particularly loud . If you are awake and in an office or home setting , its volume is sufficient . + The band is great and has only one minor flaw
 Had few watches before this one . Got this about a month ago . I have used it every day since i received it . I suggest to shop on ebay if you are trying to find a good deal , saved over 50 % off the retail . the craftsmanship of this watch is mindblowing . I never had a watch that i want to wear everyday , I do with this one . I will guarantee that the pictures on the web do not give this watch any justice . If it 's been out in the sun for few minutes , and you bring it inside , its got the most beatyful blue dial dots to it . You will not be dissapointed and if you are , got 5 years warranty . unheard of . Buy with confidance . best looking watch I have ever seen . I suggest to pay the extra $ 40 or $ 50 and get Titanium cuz its lighter -LRB- significantly -RRB- and it is skrach proof . I work delivering furniture to peoples houses so the watch gets bang up arround quite a bit . Month and a half later and its still looks like brand new . Some say the crystal is eazy to break or scratch . I say its bunch off bull . Had some big metal parts and door frames hit by , make me think that the glass is done . Not at all . Very impressive and stylish for any occasion . Big dial looks good on a bigger or smaller hand . Absolutley best , hands down .
 I recently received this watch as a gift -LRB- after dropping heavy hints and admiring it for > 12 months -RRB- . The other reviews have covered all the specific features so I 'll no reiterate . I give this watch 5 starts - it really is that good . I 've received a number of compliments -LRB- in the short time I 've owned it -RRB- . It 's a large watch but when wearing it you do n't really notice because it 's so light given the Titanium construction -LRB- which looks great and should be hardy enough to look good for many years to come -RRB- . The only reason I titled this review `` Almost the perfect watch '' is because of the absence of a perpetual calendar and the sapphire crystal -LRB- both minor - hence still 5 stars -RRB- , with those 2 features I would classify this as the perfect watch - Great job Citizen !
 I have banged my watch against all kinds of hard surfaces and am pleased to say that this thing is built tough . Everytime I 've accidentally hit it against a counter top or wall , I worry that I might 've scratched it , but everytime -LRB- knock on wood -RRB- it 's come out clean . Another good thing about this watch is that it 's light . For a big watch , it does n't weigh me down like a stainless steel model . I 've gotten many compliments on it . I love it .
 This watch is beautiful . I can not say enough good things about this watchs design . Its 45mm face is bigger than most watches but doesnt look gawdy , it keeps perfect time and is very light weight . I bought the Calibre 8700 before this one and I love both of them but I would give this one a slight edge . My two small complaints are that this watch doesnt have the perpetual calender which is a very nice feature that the Calibre 8700 does have , and also that this watch uses mineral crystal for the face and not Saphire . I am sure the crystal used is scratch resistant but it is no where near as resistant as Saphire crystal would be .
 This is a beautifully detailed watch , assembled by hand at a separate location at the Citizen factory . I bought it because it was featured in an April '06 article in WatchTime mag , and I have an older model . Most accurate watches I 've ever owned -- far superior to what the factory info states , though the alarm could be louder .
 I just recieved this Citizen beauty , And I must say that I `` m blown away by its Awesome Design and the fact its so well madethis is my Second ECO I have the Diver Version which is AwesomeThis will make a Beautiful Every day watch , As well as a great dress watch ... Amazons Price on this Item is the Best on the Internet ... If your Thinking of buying this watch and getting away from watch batteries forever , You will be making a very wise choice , Enjoy ...
 Bought this watch maybe 3 years ago as first watch that I spent more than $ 60 on . Absolutely love it !!! It is easy to read , the size is perfect , and it is great looking . The titanium is amazingly light and has never discolored my arm -LRB- an issue I have had in the past with other materials -RRB- . I am constantly getting compliments on it . I have never lost charge . It has always kept perfect time . Never noticed a gained or lost min even after about 3 years.However , lately I have had some pretty bad issues . I would like to preface this by saying that I wore this watch DAILY for this first two years . I took it off for sleeping , sports , working out , and showers . - the glass has scratched and is chipped on part of the corner - there is condensation in the case that from time to time gathers on the inside of the glass -LRB- no idea how since i usually take it off even when I wash my hands -RRB- - about a year ago the stop watch stopped resetting consistently , then a few months later it stopped working all together - about six months ago I pulled out the main dial to change the date and the it came completely out of the watch . Luckily it clicks back into place , but now I ca n't change the date or the time . I have n't sent it to Citizen yet or gone to repair . Just too busy . -LRB- the time is still correct because as I said it keeps great time , but the date is off by 3 days because of 30 day months , but that does n't stop me from wearing it ! -RRB- Overall , I am still happy with my purchase . I 'll let you know though after I have it fixed to see if costs too much.UPDATE
 this watch is a very stylish watch that can be worn for business casual events . i got compliments from all my friends and co-workers on the choice . the light charging function adds to its `` charming '' effect and makes it more eco-friendly . surprisingly the bracelet is extremely light at first i thought it was poor quality aluminum but it turns out to be titanium . i heard that one draw back is the glass which is not scratch proof , till now i have not scratched it , and hopefully will never do !
 Just returned from a trip to Germany . I was looking for a cronograph and ran across this ECO drive . Overthere it lists for 695.00 Euros , on Amazon.de I found it for 585.00 Euros wich is equivilent to $ 850.00 . Yes it may have a saphire cristal , but 400 dollars more , insane.I ordered it while I still was in Germany so it would be at my house when I returned , from the good old American `` Amazon.com '' and Amazon gets five stars from me too.As mentioned by others , the watch is very light , but the glass and the guts have the normal weight , but it is OK and not bothersome . Oh yes , it keeps time too and the 12 hour cronograph is what I was looking for.Happy and smiling , John .
 Very high quality watch , I recommend these to all luxury-fans , works without any problems , my old Citizen Chronograph are working for over than 12 years by now daily used .
 I just go this watch for Christmas and love it , I am a big guy and wanted a big watch and thats exactly what it is .
 I have always wanted a watch with was big enough to cover my wrist , not a very shinning metal , never needed battery and looked good to any attire . This is the one . It has a nice dial , good visible area , good dull yet cool titanium metal and an eco-drive . I just received it and am thrilled to have it . And the best part is that it is weightless . The joints are smooth and dont entangle hair and break it .
 The best watch I have ever owned , large but lite weight due to titanium , looks and functions great.Excellent 2 day shipping -LRB- and tracking -RRB- Amazon had the best price on the web.Many Thanks
 I purchased this watch 4 years ago , still going strong and looking as good as the day I purchased . Price has gone up since then . But more than one occasion has been mistaken for a Breitling , which was in fact my inspiration - but out of my price range .
 Great looking watch , and I shopped around for the best price for about three weeks before I ordered from Amazon . Shipped lightning quick also .
 I just purchased this watch today . Picked it up for $ 420 -LRB- 441 w/tax -RRB- from Kay 's . Cheaper than Amazon . Its much lighter than the stainless steel version like a quarter of the weight . It has a brushed steel look and is n't shiny like the AV0031 models . It has a nice bulky look , although the glass should have been sapphire instead of mineral.Citizen should have made the date in line with 3 pm insead of 4:30 . Thats my only problem with the watch . I would recommend the lighter version over the cheaper flashier stainless steel one . Its a $ 75 difference .
 I like this watch . I shopped around quite a bit and preferred the light weight of the titanium model as opposed to the stainless version . Overall , the quality of the watch is very nice , and it has proven to be very durable . When I first got the watch , one of the pins fell out of the band , but when pushed back in it did not come out again . Nice watch for the price , I recommend it .
 Afantastic machine whic is eco friendly . Will never bother with batteries and winding a watch again . Looks like a custom design and works to perfection
 The 30 reviews before mine gave pretty complete description about the watch . I 'll just say it fits very well on my relatively small wrist.If you like the watch but think it wo n't fit well because you have small wrist . Do n't worry , it fits just fine . Enjoy.After wearing this watch for few weeks , I realized I am just like many others , wearing the Calibre 2100 exclusively now .
 This is a nice watch . I have small bones and a very skinny wrist , so I was concerned that it would look too bulky on me , because it is very big compared to most watches . But it looks just fine , and is much lighter that it looks , thanks to titanium . You ca n't go wrong with this watch .
 My fiance and I were in the Mall of Asia -LRB- Manila -RRB- and as usual I stopped by the store here that sells Omega , Rolex and other fine timepieces . And once again I looked at the Omega Seamaster . I like the watch but the price was just hard for me to swallow -LRB- 3000 + USD -RRB- . A point that I would like to make is that while I really liked the style I was not passionate about it , but I digress . We left and continued shopping and stopped at a watch store that sells Citizens . The salesperson pulled out the Calibre 2100 titanium and I fell in love with it at first sight . I was good though and continued to shop and think about a possible purchase . A while later that day I was back and just bought it . For the price it looks as stylish as any watch out there without the `` bling '' of some much more expensive watches . I did not purchase through Amazon although I have been a loyal customer for years . Being that I live in the Philippines -LRB- U.S. citizen -RRB- my version of the watch has the Sapphire crystal standard . Why the Asian models have it and the U.S. does not intrigues me . It even has `` Sapphire '' etched on the back of the watch . The eco-drive , large case and chrono features all grabbed me . NO MORE KINETIC drives for me as they stop after not being worn for a short time ! I am estatic about the purchase and had never really considered Citizen seriously before . The market is flooded with timepieces from Switzerland etc. but this watch beats them all as far as I am concerned . You can not go wrong buying this watch , you will be as happy as I am with my purchase if you do decide to buy it .
 This is an EXCELLANT time piece ! I am overseas and received it quickly without any problem . The manual that comes with the watch makes operation quick & simple ! I have bought many watches over the years but this one beats them all . Charging the watch is simple under direct sunlight ! Let 's stop complaining about the mineral crystal and simply take care of it !! Trust me , this is a lot of watch for for the low price and well worth the investment . I wear the watch with everything and it looks great !! Citizen got it right ! You wo n't regret buying this watch !
 I really like this watch . It gets some attention , and is fun to look at . I have another Citizen Eco-drive , and so this was a pretty easy sell . It is very lightweight for the size . For me , getting used to the bigger watch was n't too big of a deal . I 'm 6 ' , 230 lbs , and have a large frame . I think the single biggest gripe I have about it is the fact that it is n't a perpetual calendar . I should have paid more attention to that ` missing ' feature . Since my other Eco-drive does have that feature , I really have come to rely upon it . You basically set the date one time and it knows the month , day , leap year , etc. . With this Calibre , although it 's more than twice the price of my other Citizen , it 's lacking that feature . I did n't realize this until I bought it . I can honestly say I may have purchased a different watch , if I had known I would have to fix the date every month . That is so annoying !
 Overall , the product is great . I have had the watch for nearly three months now and have had no problems with it . The quartz movement is very accurate , the chronograph works very well and i use the alarm every day . The only drawback is that you have to reset the date on months that are less than 31 days . Otherwise this watch is fantastic and with the eco-drive , you never have to worry about repacing the battery . And the titanium version is so lightweight that you hardly notice that you are wearing a watch .
 Awesome watch . Much bigger than I thought it would be . A little heavy even though it 's titanium , not for someone with a very small wrist . Looks very impressive and is extremely easy to use . I am extremely happy with this purchase .
 You 've seen the other positive reviews on this watch -LRB- and they are merited -RRB- , just a couple other fyi 's . The head is probably larger than your neighbors watch -LRB- 45mm will look larger than 40-41mm -RRB- and a couple guys tried on the watch and thought the head was a little heavy . For me , I 'm comfortable with the size now and having the titanium band made the watch significantly lighter than my last one . A couple other things
 watch is beautiful , got if for 298 with overnight shipping , cheapest if found it in the mall was 450 plus tax ... awesome deal , watch is beautiful
 I love , love , love this watch ! It has the quality and look that I wanted , without a high price tag . I 've gotten hundreds of compliments on it . It wears well , and looks elegant . The gold band does fade slightly , if worn every day in a humid , ocean climate - but so does everything else that is n't pure gold ! It holds up well for years and continues to work . It 's a really great watch .
 I was n't sure what to expect upon receiving this watch , I was a little iffy about ordering it - it was n't my usual `` style '' . Well , let me tell you - I was pleasantly surprised !! For one thing , it is extremely comfortable - which I ca n't say about most watches I 've owned . The back of the watch was not shown in the pictures so I thought the brown leather would continue all the way to the back of the watch but it has a gold jewelry clasp w / approx 8 gold links/bars which makes the watch even more stunning !! The leather ties and gold circles on the side straps are such an awesome design !! The square face w / MOB dial is the perfect size , easy to read w/out being too large.Needless to say , this is got to be one of my favorite watch purchases ... Five stars all the way !!
 I 've had this watch for almost 3 years , and it 's been an excellent watch . It illuminates blue in the dark and you can see everything ! With the dual analog and digital time feature , it 's also good for when I would travel between time zones . I 'd always set the digital to the current time , and leave the analog where it was so I 'd know what time it was at home . I 've also never had to replace the battery . This time piece also has a feature where when you bend your arm to look at the watch , it automatically illuminates . Easy to set , easy to use , and all for under $ 50 !! I highly recommend !
 Great product . Reviews sold me . Excellent watch for a man who travels . Looks sturdy .
 When I received my watch , I read the manual , which is supplied with the watch . The instructions are very precise and includes all functions of this watch . The watch works great . I think the trick is to follow the instruction booklet and follow the instructions for the automatic downloading of the update signal . This watch is not bulky and is a nice looking watch . I would highly recomend this watch .
 If you are deciding on whether or not to get an atomic-clock-synching watch , I highly recommend it . Knowing the precise time all the time is somewhat liberating . Gone are the times when you are late because the meeting clock was fast.This particular Casio is comfortable and looks nice . It is a good general purpose watch . The only real complaint I have with it is that polymer facing is not very durable and it is prone to scratches and scuffs . Because of that , I 'll probably go with the g-shock next time .
 I 've spent a lot of time looking for a practical replacement for my old '70s - era Seiko analog-digital watch that still works well but just does n't have the basic functions I need . I finally chose a Casio Wave Ceptor because it had these attributes :1 -RRB- Analog/digital combo -LRB- easy to read with both day and date -RRB- 2 -RRB- Waterproof3 -RRB- Backlight for reading full face in dark4 -RRB- Alarm5 -RRB- StopwatchI like the pinpoint accuracy of the radio , but that was not critical . The watch is a bit thick and clunky for my taste , and the design does n't have much `` pizzazz , '' but it does meet all the specs I set for it , and it outperforms those in that it also has world time -LRB- but not useful for setting to anything but major cities -RRB- , multiple alarms and the radio time set feature . Setting the alarms and using the stopwatch take some learning . The watch has four function buttons , and it 's difficult to memorize which one does what for particular functions . I 've had it for weeks and still refer to the manual now and then.All that said , I would buy it again and will keep an eye out for a new , more user-friendly version that someone somewhere might spot on my wrist and say , `` Cool . ''
 I 've owned this watch for two years and am very satisfied with it especially for the money it cost . It sets every night in Charleston WV and keeps perfect time . Worn daily the crystal has scratched and the band broke after two years . Currently they sell for $ 35.00 . I think this is a good deal for the price .
 Looks relatively simple , stylish and sporty-professional , but packs a whole lotta punch with so many features . Offers up to 5 daily alarms which is pretty unique . Auto update keeps it always on time so you dont have to check whether your watch is slightly slow or fast . Best part is the electro-luminescent backlight -LRB- not just glow-in-the-dark -RRB- 'cause it means I can lay in bed and know what time it is without getting up to look at my alarm clock.Only bad thing is that its relatively big , so its only gon na look good on men , or bigger wrists . I 've got really skinny wrists and looked silly . Other than that its a pretty cool sports watch
 This is the third time for me to order this watch . The other two have been excellent , but were damaged from rough use .
 I have had this watch for years and it updates every morning . The key is you ca n't lay it on its side . When you take it off at night , point the face towards Colorado and lay something on the band so it wo n't tip over . I usually us my toothpaste tube . I travel frequently across the entire country . This always works . By the way , I have owned many different brands of atomic watches and they all have the same issue .
 This product was once sold by Hammacher Schlemmer until early last year -LRB- do n't know why they did away with selling the product -RRB- , however , I like the way the time stays accurate . The biggest drawback would be that if the watchband snapped after lots of wear and tear putting it on and taking it off -LRB- which happened to me that 's why I purchased a replacement , it could n't be replaced . Perhaps this model is discontinued .
 I am very happy with my Waveceptor , which I purchased a year ago . It synchs every morning at 4 or 5 . I point it toward Colorado and put it on a windowsill when I 'm in a hotel or other steel building ; in my house in Maryland , it works great ! I love knowing that I have the exact time . The alarm and night light work great . I traveled to Europe for two weeks and it did not recognize the European signals , but when I returned it was still in perfect time . My crystal has no scratches . None . Maybe Casio has improved the crystal ?
 I am very pleased with this watch . Atomic technology is the definately the way to go . I had another atomic watch by Casio before I bought this one but it was amost too thick to wear . But with this one they have improved both the size and the looks . I am very pleased with it . The ease of changing time zones is very convenient and of course also the always accurate time . The watch does not syncronize with the atomic signal every night but if I set it in an unobstructed place I find it will syncronize about every 3 nights , which is just fine with me . If there is a negative it would be the face which does blemish rather easily , but your environment will determine whether or not that is a problem . In my opinion this is definately a very practical and functional atomic watch .
 I read reviewa of the WVA104HA1AB which mentioned difficulty in picking up the radio signal from Chicago . I decided to pay $ 5 more for the WVA104HA1AV but was cynical about picking up a signal in Minneapolis . The instructions say to leave the watch by a window at night to pick up a signal . The first night I owned the watch I fell asleep with the watch on and slept with my arm under a pillow . The watch still picked up a signal and reset itself at 5am ! I am impressed . I think this watch is a great deal for the money . I ordered mine from Chelsea Watch and they shipped promptly with no problems.Added April 2007 . Ithis watch alos picks up the signsl in Puerto Vallarta mexico
 Works as advertised . I have no trouble receiving the signal in Boulder , CO
 A very handsome men 's watch . The band is leather with a metal-type clasp which helps to keep it more secure . The dial is easy to read and the local time setting is helpful when traveling.And its nice that I do n't have to worry about changing batteries with the eco-drive -LRB- solar -RRB- . Its always on time.Well worth getting for the price .
 I have owned this watch for almost a year without any problem whatsoever . The only ting it does n't do automatically is adjust for daylight savings time . It stays charged , is very comfortable , and leather strap wears well . Keeps perfect time . Strap loop came loose and I used crazy glue , worked fine . Looks good , strap easily adjustable , online interactive instructions for setting or re-setting . Wonderful value .
 This watch does do everything that it is supposed to . I get compliments whenever I wear it and it keeps perfect time . The Eco-Drive really does work and perpetual calendar eliminates the need for setting the date.The watch has numerous other features that make useful for travel and it appears to be indestructable .
 Let me say to start with '' Immaculate fabulous detailed beautiful terrific ... . AND GREEN `` Solar powered with two time zones and Alarm with date and calender function with DST support with leap year automation of Feb 28/29 . This watch catches eyes of most of people and some dare to ask which one is it and I get compliments all the time.BAD
 I love this watch . It 's a perpetual Eco-Drive , which means that once programmed , it will automatically switch to the correct month and date . For example
 Wonderful watch , I just love it . My old one got lost on a beach in the Bahamas . Sure , I know , why was I wearing my watch on the beach ? Anyway , this is my replacement and it 's fabulous . The only disappointment , minor , was how thick it was . My old watch was as think as the quarter . This one is about 3 quarters in a stack . Oh , never mind , it 's great .
 The watch is beautiful and my boyfriend has received numerous compliments . He adores this watch .
 This is a great watch ~ thin , lightweight , and easy-to-read . Plus , you can wear it all the time
 This is the second S Skin Swatch that I have purchased . I do n't like thick heavy watches that flop around on your wrist . This watch is perfect for someone who wants a watch that melts into your wrist and becomes one with you . The design is clean and elegant , works for everyday , dress up and most of all ... keeps perfect time
 It is a great watch . I have had it for 5 years before I had to change the battery . I love them ! Comfy , light , stylish , but there is one `` but '' . The plastic has scratched . But I thionk they will last the lifetime with scratch proof cover :-RRB- -RRB- -RRB- I 'm giving it 5 stars because nothing lasts forever .
 This is a great watch . I bought it while vacationing in Italy and it has survived many travels . Stylish and very thin , it 's a great watch for casual wear but can also be used when dressing up . One of the other reviews pointed out that the plastic watch face can get scuffed and I do have some small scuffs on mine as well . However , the lightweight and thin case make it an acceptable compromise .
 Swach is Great . I had another skin watch for 6 years and the battery is still running . The only problem is that the glass is not scratch proof.I am sure it would make it more expensive , but it would pay off down the road .
 The Swatch Unisex SFK116 is an intriguing model . As advertised , it is only 4.0 mm thick . With OEM band , it weighs 26 grams . Without the band , it weighs only 7 grams . Incredible.But there is a problem with the OEM band . It is 1.9 mm thick , and quite stiff . It does not conform . Not really tolerable . Though not designed to be easily removed , I succeeded in hacking it out with a Dremel tool without ruining the case . Steel lugs are molded into the case to carry the spring bar pins . A good feature . I replaced the OEM band with nylon , ASIN
 This is a great watch . I was in love with it , the moment i saw it . It 's pretty , so lite , comfortable . I would say little high on price , but so worth it . Yo might get lucky and get it cheaper on the Amazon.com site , like i was .
 Delivered on time . Nice watch although I would n't say it 's unisex . Too small for my wrist .
 I like braclet/chain watches and they are so hard to find . I saw the Kenneth Cole Chain Braclet Watch and decided to try it . I Love It . It is the right size , not too small and not too bling bling . I am able to see the time clearly and it does not turn on my wrist . I have had several compliments on the jewelry when I wear it . I would recommend treating yourself to this beautiful piece of jewelry or buy it for a loved one .
 Cute watch . The links are really large , so it 's a little big , since the removal of one more would cut off circulation , but over all it 's very nice .
 Love this swatch . . very stylish , light as a feather , incredibly thin but seems strong so far . The only 2 numbers on the face are 12 and 6 , so it can be a bit hard to actually tell the time !!
 I originally ordered clear strap with grey line accent untra thin Swatch . As it turned out , it was sold out and Mr. Watch called , apologized and recommended an equivalent substitute that was better than my original choice . I love my watch and the excellent service provided by Mr.Watch .
 I ordered this as a Christmas gift . I appreciated being able to order , receive quickly , and in excellent packaging in ample time to wrap and deliver for Christmas ! Thank You !!
 I am very picky when it comes to clothing and accessories - COMFORT IS A MUST ! I have tried wearing watches in the past , but they always drove me crazy . This watch is awesome ! It is the most comfortable watch I have ever put on my arm ; it 's so comfortable that I forgot I 'm even wearing it . My only complaint would be that it does n't have numbers on the face . I 'm going back to Swatch for another watch with the numbers included , but this watch has served me well for two years now !
 I have always loved watches that provide utility . I normally do n't spend much on watches . This time I splurged and I am glad I did . The watch is very professional looking . The functions are very nice . It has the perpetual calendar which I find indispensable . If you are a person who has had watches that do n't have this feature you will love this . The watch does not need a battery . The watch is a bit complicated to set at first . A CD is provided that makes it very easy to follow . After initial setup it there is no maintenance except for DST or if you change the alternate time you set . You can set two times on the watch but this is only good if you are staying that time zone . It is not good for quick reference . The watch provides day of the week and calendar date . The alarm on the watch only works in the master time zone not the alternate time zone . It is a bit quiet if you are a deep sleeper but works admirably . I think you will enjoy this watch .
 i 've had this watch for 6 years now , but with the stainless steel band . i 've got to say it has kept perfect time and date and i can always depend on this watch . i 've had other watches for looks and etc , but for perfect time keeping , especially while traveling , this is my go to watch . when i go to a different time zone and use the local time function , the date will automatically adjust which is really nice . i can just get off the plane , turn one dial and know exactly what time and date it is locally.the thing 's built like a tank . i 've dropped it and taken falls with the watch . it has scratches but functionally it 's been perfect . if not for the stupid daylight saving time i would have never needed to adjust time on this watch.i still get a lot of people asking me about this watch , and i 'm always glad to tell them how inexpensive it is and tell them to look into getting one.a downside of the watch is i 've been wanting a new watch , but this citizen just wo n't die and keeps going , so i ca n't justify buying a new watch = -LRB-
 I own this watch for over a year now and i have nothing but good things to say about it . It has a perpetual calendar that never needs to be adjusted once set up correctly . I have another watch which does not have perpetual calendar and keep forgetting to correct it every other month . With this watch you are pretty much set up for life . Another good thing is the battery , no need to replace it . It 's always charged as long as you have it in the light at least once every 6 months , perhaps even longer . It is really comfortable to wear , this is why i choose the leather band instead of metal band . I just like the leather feel on my hand . Some of the other extra features allow you to set up your watch to operate at different time zone , it 's especially useful if you travel a lot , that means you can always keep time zone where you live and just adjust time zone wherever you fly into . It 's a very well made watch .
 I got this watch in august and since then it 's been working fine great look great price and super light love the solar energy and perpetual calendar
 So I 've owned this watch for about a month now , and it works great . It 's my first , decently nice watch . The watch , in my opinion , is n't all that hard to operate . The manual looks a bit big to some people , but you really only need to read a few pages to get a basic understanding of how the whole watch works , and how to set each mode . If you do n't like reading , it comes with an interactive CD and shows you instructions on how to set the watch . Wearing this watch for a bit over a month , it has only gained +3 seconds , which I think is pretty good . Here are a few Pros and Cons.Pros : - Solar powered-Accurate -LRB- Only gained 3 seconds in a month -RRB- - Very nice looking face , even better in person-Perpetual calendar -LRB- Never have to set the date again ! -RRB- - Four different modes -LRB- Time , Calendar , Alarm , Local-Time -RRB- - Fun to watch the day/date change-Second hand stops moving after 30 minutes of no use to conserve battery , but still keeps timeCons : - Only the hour and minute hand illuminate-The illumination does n't stay bright for very long-If you have a really thin wrist , the leather strap may not fit perfectly even on the lowest notch -LRB- Only 7 holes -RRB- - The buckle may press against your skin and leave a mark/cut . - Alarm is very quiet , may not be reliable for waking you upOverall , I am very satisfied with the watch . Also for those who ca n't figure out how to adjust the leather strap , the bottom side of the buckle with the `` Eco-Drive '' text on the buckle snaps open .
 Lovely , elegant and sporty , all in one . Gave to my son as as graduation present and it wowed him !
 I only have three days with my Citizen but i love it . Looks very great and it 's very easy to use , only when I change the mode and set a new configuration is very slow but does n't matter because I do n't have to change all the time the configuration.I recommend this watch.PD
 If i could give this watch 20 stars I would . It is terrific - definitely a must have . The price is right , it is a Eco-Drive , batteries not necessary , and unlike some of their Eco-Drive 's , any light will charge it , sunlight , a florescent , or even a regular house light bulb , does n't matter , give it light , give it power ! It has a perpetual calendar , great functions , accuracy and it looks super cool & expensive . Do yourself a favor , get this watch !!!
 Love it . Just bought another one as a gift.Arrived set at precisely the correct time to the second inclusive of time zone . I found this watch to be very well designed and accurate .
 Everything good written in other reviews is true regarding the looks and unique features of this watch . My only complaint about this watch is its accuracy ; it loses about 15 seconds every month , which is not so great . I 've owned it for about a year and all functions have worked as advertised .
 This was a Christmas gift and I absolutely love it . The black on white design makes it extremely easy to read and it looks great.Setting the watch was a bit time consuming but following the steps in the included DVD made it easy to do . LOVE the perpetual calendar . Having just come out of February , this is the only watch I have that I did not have to adjust the date on . I 'm still amazed at how long the hands glow in the dark . No light but who needs one!This was my first deployment clasp watch and it took me a while to figure out how to size it , but once I did , I had to laugh because it was so simple . On the underside of the silver bar that goes across the band , there 's a little piece that flips up so that you can adjust which hole it engages . The band takes a bit of getting used to , but I now find it very comfortable and easy to use.Love the eco-drive concept . No batteries AND no watch winder . Ambient light seems to be enough to keep it going - I have n't made any special efforts to keep my wrist in the sunlight or anything :-RRB- . It even has a warning when the charge is low - or so I 've read - have n't seen it - where the second hand starts moving every OTHER second -LRB- still keeping proper time -RRB- , so that you can see if it 's getting low.Overall , I think that this is a unique and fine looking watch . I 've recieved compliments every time I 've worn it .
 I purchased this watch on Amazon and this is my initial review . I will add more in coming months.My initial overall impression for the watch is very positive . It worked right out of box -LRB- only time adjustment was done -RRB- . Since I had already seen the interactive instructions on citizen 's website , exploring various features and options on the watch was a piece of cake . It feels and looks much better in person -LRB- as some other reviewers mentioned -RRB- , so for the benefit of readers I have uploaded couple of pics both close up and on the hand.The size/weight of a watch is very subjective to individual taste . This watch is perfect for me in terms of size and weight because I do not like wearing big and heavy watches.The watch comes with a 5 yr warranty statement and instructions booklet . A mini 8cm disc -LRB- can not be used in slot loaded drives without an adapter -RRB- is also included which contains interactive settings instructions and printable manuals.I got a very good price too on the watch by taking advantage of chase amazon visa card 20 % discount deal.I hope my observations are helpful and I will update this in coming time as per my experience with the watch.Edit 1
 Had this watch for over an year . Great buy . Eco drive makes it worth while esp if you find yourself changing the battery on your pervious watches . Looks expensive and elegent . Light weight . Draw backs are the silver/chrome around the watch face does scrath quite easily . Alarm is rather soft and the second time zone can be set only in 1 hour increment/decrements compared to the time set on your watch . Overall very happy with product .
 Very good watch for the money . Cool to look at and good quality for the price . Minor gripes are the second time zone is not that useful as you have to pull out the crown and it then goes to the second zone so you ca n't see the two time zones simultaneously . Kinda defeats the purpse when traveling and wanting to see your home zone at a glance . As other say alarm is low volume . Sometimes hard to see the small details with older eyes . overall , however , a good watch for $ 250 .
 The calendar feature of this particular timepiece is unequaled in styling ... who else has a round calendar ? I 've had the watch for a couple years now , and long as it gets reasonable exposure to indoor light -LRB- home , office -RRB- , or sunlight , it never quits . If you lived in Alaska without electricity , you might have an issue during the winter months , but then in the summer , no worries : -RRB- Now for the leather strap . The buckle is unique as the watch ... tricky at first , but you get used to it . The inner -LRB- leather ? -RRB- lining is sort of like what you 'd find in a men 's leather shoe -- thin and bonded and sewn to the thicker outer layer . The light color soon discolors due to skin oil , sweat or moisture and then it cracks . The initial feel and look is plush . But over time it is disintigrating on my wrist . Where the pins hold the strap to the watch , the inner layer has completely cracked , exposing the adhesive , but none of this is visible on the outside . Changing the strap is another nightmare . I had to go to a jeweler to get it off and replaced ; I plan to change to a metal bracelet . The leather strap simply is not durable enough and replacements are expensive ... up to $ 65 , yet wear out in 12-18 months of daily use .
 I have found this item to be very functional , but changing from one mode to another is time consuming -LRB- literally -RRB- . For the most part , I leave it in the local time mode and have GMT as `` TIME '' . The alarm works well , but I rarely use it . Setting and changing anything on the many readouts requires reading the thick booklet ; nothing intuitive about it . I did not like the original leather strap -LRB- too bulky at the clasp and too small for my 8 '' wrist -RRB- so I have replaced it . Overall , well worth the price paid ; not having to change batteries or maintain a mainspring by winding or wearing is a tremendous convenience -LRB- compared to my Rolex or Omega -RRB- .
 As other reviewers have said , the pictures do n't do this watch justice and I want to reiterate that
 Many have stated that pictures of this watch do not do it justice . They are right ! Though the pictures look nice , this watch is gorgeous on the wrist . Light hits the accents -LRB- throughout the dial -RRB- and the look is impressive ... to say the least . And it 's a Citizen so , of course , its functionality is superb.If you 're interested in one , get one . I do n't think that you will be disappointed .
 I was looking for a watch to wear everyday to work and decided on buying a Citizen . After looking online , I had narrowed it down to a couple of models . I had looked at this model early , but was n't sure about the face . Lucky for me I stopped at a local jewelry store to look at watches in person . Needless to say , the watch looks much better than pictured and I picked it over the other Citizens I was looking at as well as some Seikos.The contrast of the numerals and the face is very striking , while maintaining a very classic look . I have never owned a watch with this type of clasp on a leather band before , and it is unlikely I will ever go back . The speed and ease of putting it on is something that I have come to really appreciate.I found setting the time and date to be pretty straightforward . Changing the funcition to get the month can be best described as a minor annoyance , if you find the need to check the month frequently . The date is very readable and nicely placed , so that more than makes up for it.Overall , a great every day watch that I would definitely recommend . I ended buying it on the spot , even though the `` sale '' price was about $ 20 more than the Amazon price because I wanted to take it home that day .
 Citizen Men 's Eco-Drive Calibre 8700 Watch #BL 8000-03AThis is a light-weight , attractive watch . The numerous functions are easy to understand with the well-written manual . The band appears to be of extremely high quality leather and the watch appears to come with a very good warranty .
 Hours excellent shape . . beautiful . . I liked the very ... Where a bit of mystery , but I will try to solve with a catalog ... I would advise everyone to purchase ... Thanks
 I purchased this watch as a gift for Christmas . It was received in perfect condition and just in time for the holidays.Thank you !
 Very nice looking and solid watch only down side alarm is too quite.I 've received my watch in perfect condition at 5th day after ordering , which is very good for sydney/Australia adress .
 It 's a gift for my bf . It looks better than in the pic from the website .
 This watch is really nice , having owned other bigger sized watches made this feel a little small at first . But after a while , it feels just right -LRB- most dress watches are this size anyway i think -RRB- Setting the watch is n't as complicated as I thought at first , it 's pretty straightforward but would help if you read the manual first.Lume on the hand was n't impressiveThe butterfly strap on this watch works for me , maybe because I have a small wrist and had to use the last hole of the watch -LRB- thankfully it fits -RRB- so it does n't really push against my skin that much.Overall great watch to own
 It is the best watch i ever had . everything is same as on photos . TY CITIZEN : -RRB- it has wonderful design , good functions and looks to pretty on hand.i recomend this watch to everyone .
 I feel like , &#34; what can one say when one word can pretty much sum it up ? How about &#34; Perfect &#34; . I get comments on this all the time -- it 's very classy , wears well , keeps time great , and is , well , just awesome . It looks and feels like it costs 10x what I paid.The only thing about this watch is that it 's challenging to adjust or set an alarm . I do n't use any of those features , to be fair , so perhaps I 'd get more used to it if I used it for that . Cell phones and other gadgets have replaced those needs for me , but when I wanted to use it , I certainly had to get out the manual and read it carefully . Not worth it . But for me , it 's worth it just to have it as a classy , solidly build timepiece that draws just enough attention to it that it stays classy . I never get tired of looking at its pearl-white-like bezel coloring , the deep , rich blacks in the face -LRB- and the band -RRB- . And the clasp is well built.Love this watch .
 This is less of a timepiece and more of a small computer considering the sheer number of functions this watch possesses , and the fact that it has them while still maintaining a very clean and classic look is very impressive . Even with the instruction booklet , learning to perform all of the available functions can be very confusing . Luckily , Citizen offers an easy to follow instructional video on their website for this watch -LRB- yes , it 's that complicated -RRB- . Once you learn your watch , this will easily become a favorite . I 've owned this watch for more than five years now , and for the first three -LRB- until I added more watches to my collection -RRB- it was my daily wear watch . Even with heavy use , the only work I 've had done on it in all this time was having the case buffed and polished . The dial window does n't have as much as a nick on it . This is a superb timepiece and will compliment anyone 's collection . After all these years , and now having a display case full of watches from various manufacturers , this is still easily my favorite watch .
 Great looking watch . Neat leather strap with an interesting buckle . I love the perpetual calendar feature and the ecodrive . I thought initial setup was interesting and enjoyed the initial set up . Felt like figuring out a new gadget .
 The watch is simply fantastic . I love the way it looks . When the product arrived , I noticed that there was a loose thread at an end of a strap . I 'm not sure if this is normal but the second hand seems to be a little off . It ticks inbetween the second markers instead directly on the marks . Other than these small comlaints its totally worth it.Oh , and I only rated it 4 stars out of 5 is because I live in a state where I do n't get a whole lot of sun . It 's a mistake I wo n't be making again but I got a sweet watch out of my dumb mistake . I do put a rechargeable LED flashlight onto the dial every night and it does n't seem to help much . It kicks into power saving mode a few hours into school and it 's quite frusterating.I 'll definitely buy another Citizen eco-Drive watch but probably when I move to a state that gets consistent amount of sun all year round .
 I just got a used one for $ 160 from Ebay yesterday and I love it very much already even I am an all SEIKO guy !! It looks beautiful ! I tried and played with the watch and everything looks and works great!The user menu is here
 This is a great watch . It takes a little time to be used to the functions it provides , but it 's worth it.Time is accurate and no battery needs to be replaced.Design is a personal thing , and I like the design of this watch.Overall , a very nice watch with reasonable price .
 First the good : looks amazing , i get comments on it all the time.The built in cal means i always know the right date.I 'm loving the butterfly clasp makes taking it off and on easyThe not so good : Only the hands glow not the face , maybe its not a big deal for others but i find it more to think about then when i can see the few to figure out what time it is.The strap was uncnfortibal and too big for people with small wrists , i fixed this at sears the guy put on a genuine leather strap only cost about $ 30 . and its much more comfortable . He moved the butterfly clasp over for me and it stopped digging my skin.Other commentsI did not find this watch hard to set at all only took me about 5mins of fiddling to get it , i think i could have figured it out faster had i read the manual ... but hey im a dude we do n't do that right?Overall I love it but found the strap sucked
 The solar energy is a great idea , The watch made from high qaulity materials and the design looks like other swiss watches .
 This watch is amazing . I loved it for the 1 year it worked for me . Stopped working out of the blue for me couple of days ago . Am sending it to Citizen for warranty repair.Update
 I 'm a fan of Citizen watches , I used this brand since childhood . My first watch was a Citizen . This particular one is quite heavy but incredibly comfortable . Very functional , the materials are top quality . The details are very well made . When I use it and people will notice you will say `` Wow that nice , what brand is it ? '' I recommend it 100 % . The only problem is that some details on the clock are difficult to read , are very small .
 I picked this one up . A little cheaper than I see here on Amazon . For the price I paid , I like it . I like the fact that it has an alarm . I have read other reviews about the alrm being too quiet . I do n't use mine to wake up , I use it as a reminder . It 's fine for me . It 's a nice looking watch . I 've owned it for a few months and have n't had any strap issues.I like this more as a suit watch , not so much casual wear . The contrast on the face is not as bold as it looks in these photos . I like it overall .
 This watch is gorgeous . I consider this my first real watch since all my other watches are more `` fashion '' watches . It 's very classy and the movement seems a lot more complicated . I was only a bit surprised when I open the box because the pictures on Amazon had it measured a few millimeters larger . The face is about 38-39mm in diameter . I 'm more used to 42mm watches so at first glance this watch looked tiny . I decided to keep the watch anyways just because of all the features and I really wanted an eco-drive watch . I definitely do not regret my decision because now I have a hard time taking it off . My only other gripe is setting the alarm takes a while since you have to wait for the watch to go around twice to get to the current alarm time . If it moved faster and the watch was larger I would definitely give it 5 stars -LRB- really I want to give it 4.5 stars -RRB- . It 's not an issue if you do n't have to set the alarm too often . I love the buckle , I definitely thinks that it will make the leather band last a lot longer and it 's very unique . It feels very comfortable and I rarely notice it , unless my wrist is in a strange position . I would definitely recommend this watch for someone who 's looking for a more traditional look and feel . Hope that helps !
 i love this watch . first , it looks very beautiful to me . second - it has all the functionality i need - alarm , date , weekday and world time . Third - the calendar is automatic which means i do n't get the 31st of the month that has only 30 days and therefore do n't have to roll forward 24 hours to correct it after which would have to set exact time again . Even when i travel i use local time function which is essentially difference between my time and local time so the watch shows me local time based on this difference and i do n't have to set the exact time . Also the hands are glowing in the dark which is quite useful , especially when camping.My watch runs ahead about 6 sec a month so i set it twice a year - when daylight savings starts i set it 18 sec behind and by the time daylight savings time ends it is about 18 sec ahead . quite acceptable precision . that 's it . the rest of the year it just keeps going.Now the not so good part is setting up alarm . when alarm mode is entered first it rolls to the time of previous alarm . this takes a while . then setting handles for the new alarm time takes a while as well . not a big deal if using same alarm time over and over and just set it on and off , otherwise can get annoying.Still the best watch i 've own so far .
 I did not buy this watch from Amazon but from a military exchange using holiday promotions and I got quite a saving , paying $ 216.00 . However , I would like to share my experience here for whatever it is worth since many come to this site to look for feedbacks to help them with their purchase.I had the opportunity to see this watch first-hand inside a showcase . Right away , it caught my attention as if it was calling me . It is a very handsome watch without being over-bearing . The stainless steel around the face is very attractive and the leather band is soft and comfortable on the wrist . Charging of the watch was a no-brainer and adjustment of the day , date and time was a breeze . I like the fact that the leather strap has a deployment buckle which makes wearing of the watch literally , a snap . Since I have a small wrist , I had an additional hole punched on the strap . FYI , the `` second '' hand stops precisely at each second hash mark . One of my pet peeves is a second hand that is off.After wearing the watch for a day , the underside buckle seemed to dig on my skin and this irritated me -LRB- a reviewer also commented on this issue -RRB- . I was pretty close to returning it . However , I talked my self into wearing it longer hoping that part of my skin would get used to the condition . I 'm now on my fourth day of wearing the watch and I seemed to have gotten used to it ... no more irritation . This may sound silly to some but it 's working for me . I guess the bottom line is its accuracy . I have n't had the watch for a long time yet but I will post if I find a discrepancy . Despite the tiny aberration about the strap buckle , I am very happy with the watch .
 I paid $ 179 for this watch from Jomashop and it was worth every penny . I just got it today . I was a little worried that it would take a long time to figure out how to set it up but the cd that comes with it made it easy . First , the pictures of the watch are a little misleading . The bezel has a shiny chrome finish -LRB- it looks flat in the pictures -RRB- and the numerals and face are silver -LRB- in the picture they look black -RRB- . The band is good quality . It has a clasp fitting which makes the clasp somewhat bulky on the wrist , but not a big deal to me so far . I think the lense is mineral and my guess is it is lesser quality than sapphire , but still is very good for the price . The watch automatically sets the day of the month and adjusts for leap year , but I do n't think it handles daylight savings . The size of the watch is good as it is not too big or too thick . I also like that the hour and minute hand glow in the dark .
 I ordered this watch few days back from Jomashop and received today . I was eagerly waiting for it and believe me this is so very pretty than the pics advertised on the website . I ordered BL8000-03a instead of 54L because I personally do n't like much of blue dial and also SS strap sometimes pinches my wrist hair . In all other reviews mostly all the functionality is covered so i will not repeat the same thing . Just want to mention leather strap with this watch is not normal leather strap but with a folding clasp -LRB- you can check its video on Youtube -RRB- . Also it is very comfortable on wrist and perfectly weighted.I just have one doubt about the water resistant feature of this or any leather strap watch - How can any leather strap watch be worn while swimming . . I mean wouldnt it damage the leather strap fast ...
 Bought the watch few days ago . Has kept accurate time and its very classy . I had a bit discomfort with the metal clasp on the band as it was biting into my wrist . One review on here suggests using a vise to adjust the clasp . Well , I am not sure if that wo n't affect my ability to return the watch if it were to suddenly develop issues within the return window . One cool suggestion I learnt from a youtube video is to use the watch 's keeper to cover the clasp . It works like magic and does n't bite anymore . Nice watch , affordable , way to go Citizen !!
 A very very precise perpetual solar powered timepiece capable of tracking the time in two zones -LRB- you toggle between locations using the crown -RRB- , pretty thin , at a great street price . The hands have nice night time illumination . The leather strap and deployant buckle are pretty plush . Some of the functionality is hard to use and there is a cheap look to the metal bezel -LRB- which marks easily ; the glass seems tough enough -RRB- . This thing is really a time computer instead of a watch ; when you change modes , the hands change function in such a way that to get back to the time you must be accessing a computer memory . Also , it has the cute -LRB- really -RRB- habit of napping when it has been in the dark for some long time . Then when you look at it , it senses light , wakes up and the second hand moves madly to catch up.The crown : It is way too easy to pull the crown out two stops into the setting mode , which could cost you the correct time , instead of one stop into the position where you can change modes.The alarm : To see what at time the alarm is set , you change to the alarm mode and it may take -LRB- really -RRB- a minute or more while the hands move to show that time -LRB- the minute hand actually goes round and round as the hour hand advances ... its a 24 hour alarm which is very nice , there 's a separate indicator keeping track of 24 hour time -RRB- . Then the same thing in the other direction when you needthe time again . The alarm is very very dim , I would not trust it to wake me up . When the watch is in the calendar mode where the second hand shows the month there is no way to see whether the alarm is on -LRB- that hand can only be used to show the number of years to the next leap year ... likewise when it shows whether the alarm is on , it ca n't access that leap-year function -RRB- . The second time zone : Quite easy to use , its synched to the main time in hour increments . Just do n't go to Teheran or any other place where time is n't on the hour , that is n't possible without resetting the main watch time . There 's a 2ndary dial which tells you whether the 12 hour hands are pointed to am or pm in either time zone.And it may take a long time to move to the 2nd time , if you need to check that , see the comments on checking the alarm time.bottom line
 I have owned this watch for nearly two years . The features and functionality are well balanced . The solar panel rarely sees daylight from underneath my shirt sleeves , yet the battery has never depleted . The leather wristband is comfortable and shows very little wear . After years of use , my only complaint is that the metal is very easily scratched . Fortunately , the crystal/glass has remained flawless . I have had many people comment on the beauty of this watch . I will only buy citizen after owning this enjoyable timepiece.Update
 What a fantastic piece of craftmanship . I have had mine for a few months now . Could not be happier . It is powered by any light with a power reserve of more than a year . No more batteries ever . It has all the appeal of an analog watch , with a beatiful classic design without the annoying need to correct the date for odd/even months . It will even correct itself for leap years . Besides date/day of week , it has alarm -LRB- soft , not the best if you are a deep sleeper , but useful nonetheless -RRB- , calendar -LRB- showing the month -RRB- and dual time zone.All that plus the Citizen tradition of quality backed by a 5 yr warranty . What else would you want ?
 I just got this watch , and it 's hard to take my eyes off it . I looked at the Calibre 8700 with the blue dial and stainless strap -LRB- which a Citizen rep told me is one of their most popular models -RRB- but really found the white dial and silver accents , very striking in this model . And I like how the band sets off the face.I really looked at every Citizen watch on their website , and kept coming back to this one !! The watch is very nice in person , the dial has some detail to it , so it catches the light especially with the silver accents.As mentioned in other reviews , there are four basic modes that you can switch to :1 . Time2 . Calendar3 . Local Time -LRB- i.e. time zone # 2 -RRB- 4 . Alarmsince it 's not a digital watch -LRB- and we do n't want it to be since it looks great as an analog ! -RRB- the hands have to show you all the stuff . So if the Time is set to 3p and you are traveling and are in Singapore where it 's 3a , then when you switch the modes , it 's going to spin the hands around for 12 hours to show you . This is not good if you want to check and see what time it is ` back home ' but is great if you travel , and do n't want to keep resetting your watch . When you get back home , just change the dial back to Time and you 're back in business.There are three dials on the watch , in addition to the main hour/min hands , one is a 24 hour dial , with an ` hour ' hand that points to the corresponding time in 24 hour mode . Basically this will help you distinguish AM and PM times on the dial , and is important when using the local time -LRB- i.e. time zone # 2 -RRB- and alarm modes to keep AM and PM straight.Next there is the mode dial that points to TME , CAL , LTM , or ALM to let you know what mode you are in -LRB- time , calendar , local time , alarm -RRB- . And lastly there is a dial that points to the day of the week , can let you know if the alarm is set or not , and can also let you know if this is a leap year , or how many years it 's been since a leap year ; -RRB- The watch also has a day of the month indicator at the 4 o'clock position , and this is a perpetual calendar , so regardless of 30 , 31 , or 29 days in the month , it will always be right!As mentioned earlier , the watch has an energy saving feature which , when in the dark for about 30 minutes and not getting enough light to charge the watch , will stop the second hand at 0 -LRB- 12 -RRB- to save energy . When light hits the dial , it will move the second hand rapidly to where it should be : -RRB- I will add that yes , this is a cool watch with lots of cool features , and you might have to do a bit of reading to figure them all out if you want to use them , but basically Citizen tries to make that as easy as possible . They give a detailed instruction book , they give interactive lessons on a free CD that comes with the watch , and you can go on their website and they will visually demonstrate the features to you too ! What more can you ask for ?
 First , about the watch
 I purchased this watch while on a Princess cruise at under $ 200 . It gains about 5-10 seconds a month . Many people have commented about the retrograde look . I love how simple it is to set the time . With most watches you must wait until the second hand points to 12 and pull the crown all the way out . You then must set the minute by backing into the correct setting since setting it forward can lose part of a minute . You must then push the crown back in at the exact time being careful not to rotate it . With this watch you pull the crown all the way out and the second hand jumps to 12 . A slight click of the knob moves the minute back and forth a full minute . You then push the crown all the way in at the exact time .
 I received this as a Christmas gift and agree with previous reviews that it is a visually stunning watch . I think the `` complications '' of this watch make it even more interesting and compelling as a timepiece . I also think the clasp wristband for leather is innovative ; I think it will prolong the life of the wristband as the band itself is not getting tugged each time I put it or take it off.I will say that the mini-dvd that comes with the watch is very helpful and it covers most features of the watch and watch settings in a very user friendly way -LRB- although there are a few minor features that are only covered in the user manual -RRB- . Some may find the size of the manual imtimidating and I have seen some reviews indicate the watch is too complicated . Fear not ! Once you understand that the watch is either in a `` mode '' -LRB- 1 pull of the stem -RRB- or setting -LRB- 2 pull outs of the stem -RRB- , the meaning and operations are straightforward . Just use care to do only 1 pull out -LRB- not 2 -RRB- when attempting to set the mode ; if you do two pull outs by mistake and are in time mode , the watch 's time will be stopped.The leap year indicator is interesting and important for the perpetual calandar . I also think the day of week pointer and scale is pretty cool . I think the high contrast black-on-white makes it easy to read and makes the watch dressy enough for the office , but also casual enough for anytime use.I have purchased my share of low end watches only to have them fail for one reason or another . My Timex did n't even take a licking and it still failed -LRB- the stem no longer works , in order to set the time I have pull it out and stop the watch until the time of day catches up with its setting -RRB- . I am hopeful that this watch will serve me for many years ; i 'll update this review each year let y' all know .
 I 've owned this watch for about 3-4 years now . My only complaint was the band . The crocodile band was n't really me . Plus after about a year , the band , where it attached to the case began to break apart . I replaced the band with a plain , black leather band . I think it looks better than the original band , and a little more comfortable . All in all , good watch . Keeps the time well .
 This watch is really good . Looks great , is pretty accurate -LRB- I 've only had it for a month now -RRB- . The only issue is that if you have to set or check the alarm , it could take a couple of minutes to do so depending on the current time and when the alarm is set . This is particularly not useful for quick setting . Also , if you want to set your `` other '' time zone , can only be done in 1 hour inc/decreements . So forget about 30 min differences.But these are trivial issues , the hour/minute have very good visibility even in low light conditions
 This was a 28-years anniversary present . My husband is very pleased with it and that makes me happy . It is a beautiful watch , and the different functions it performs intrigues my husband . The pictures of the watch and the previous posted comments were also most helpful in making a selection .
 I bought this watch as a gift for my husband who was very particular about what type of watch he wanted . He never wore a watch before , and he loves this one !
 It is a great product . Everything in the watch makes sense . I looks good than what you see in the picture . The only draw back is the alarm which would not wake you up but you could use it as a reminder.Great product and I fall in love with the watch more I see it .
 This watch delivers the same , or higher in some cases , quality , beauty , and function as other luxury price point watches but at a fraction of the price . This watch never needs a battery , offers a set and forget perpetual calendar , beautiful aesthetics , and a leather band that is sturdy and simple to take on and off thanks to a clever metal clasp - all for under $ 300 . Sure , the stainless steel gets marked up , but so do other higher priced steel watches . And yes , you will need to refer to the manual to initially set the watch , but it 's not complicated . If you are looking for a decent business watch , but one that you will not feel bad wearing it while roughing it on the weekends either , look no further than this timepiece . I have had mine for over 5 years and have never had an issue with this watch . I thought I would like a watch with a black face better , since black can seem sleeker or sharper , but the white face holds up well , especially in contrast with the darker colored accents , and the watch really stands out and pops . Do yourself a treat and consider this watch .
 this is the best watch i have ever bought . it 's pretty and i got compliments on it from those who wear Cartier and Rolex on a a daily basis as well as fashion designers . its a very nice watch if you 're worried about the looks . as far as functionality , i am very impressed . the calendar is great , and it functions by the second . i like the local time function . and i can still see at night in the dark . it is well worth the price and i love this watch .
 I bought this watch while my wife and I were on a cruise down in the Cayman islands about 4 year ago . I had always wanted a nice watch and always settled with Timex , so to step up to a citizen was great . I 've had the watch for the past 4 years and it 's still in great condition . I love that it 's light powered so there is no messing with a battery . It 's entertaining to get up in the morning and turn on the light and see the hour and minute hands start spinning to catch up to the current time . I love the technology on this thing . Not once have I had to adjust the date , replace a battery , or the wrist strap and I wear this thing 5 days a week to work . I 've dropped it a few time and even hit it pretty hard on metal cabinets on accident and there are no scratches on the face . It 's a great watch , it 's a touch watch , I really do love this watch . Highly recommend it .
 I ordered the 8700 a month ago and have been wearing it since . It really works as expected and it looks quite nice . It feels sturdy and I do n't mind the `` shiny look '' some other people have complained about.The only thing that I do n't quite like is the way it works when you switch from time to alarm or local time - the miniute hand -LRB- instead of moving in tandem with the hour hand -RRB- moves all the way from the current time to the alarm time/local time which is quite time-consuming . Overall this is a great watch .
 I purchased this watch as a Christmas gift for my husband and he loved it ! Of all the websites we searched , this was the best price we could get for the watch and we could n't be happier . The shipping was quick ... I believe it took less than a week to arrive at my home : -RRB- The watch is much better in person than we could have imagined . The only problem we had with the watch is that there were no instructions on how to adjust the wristband . My husband took it to a jewelry store and they showed him how it worked ... it 's not hard at all.Overall we are very pleased and would recommend this watch to anyone !
 Generally , a well made and great looking watch . However , I 've got 2 minor gripes . One , the day is difficult to read , letters are too small and etched on a shiny surface . Basically , cramping too many stuff on a small watch face . Two , the strap is loose even when set at the last hole for those with small wrist . This strap has 7 holes for adjustment compare to the usual 9-10 holes for most other leather straps .
 I have had two of these watches and still wearing the second one . The first one still works but I corrode the bands . The only improvement would be to make the back of the band out of stainless steel . Both have kept excellent time and the battery that came with each watch lasted well over a year before I had to replace them . If you like Winnin the Pooh it is a great watch to have .
 Excellent quality , very comfortable , extra adjustment holes , beautiful color and high quality hardware .
 I have a friend that collects Pooh watches and it is hard to find items that she does not have in her collection . I was so pleased to find a watch that she does not have yet . I received my merchandise as promised and she will be so please to see this one of a kind watch for her collection . I was so amazed to see all of the different kind of pooh watches that Amazon.com has to offer .
 I am so glad I came to Amazon.com to look for this watch . I 've been searching for it since the year started at department stores . I was given the exact same watch 2-3 years ago , as a gift , and this year , it broke . I loved the watch ! The department store told me to look in the other stores , and I did , until my mom suggested Amazon . Duh ! of course ! 20 minutes later and there it was ! My favorite watch ! Well , a new one . I absolutely love it . Thanks to Amazon for having the seller that has it . I actually can buy just about anything here . Thanks again !
 This is one of the most `` feature heavy '' watches I have been researching . The fact that you can get it for half-price makes it even better . The watch will charge the battery and charge the reflective arrows and digits . The watch looks massive , but it is not as heavy as it seems . The alarm is not very loud but enough to wake you up if you sleep with the watch . So far I had no problems with it .
 The watch looks cool . But it is heavy and big . Getting the initial setting correct is bit difficult , but once that 's done it is nice to have watch .
 It is a very nice looking watch . Bought as a gift . The watch is a little heavy but other than that , it is a really nice watch . The photos do not do justice to the actual watch , it is much better looking in person .
 I received this watch earlier today so I can not speak for its long term durability . It was fairly easy to set the time and perpetual calendar when following the instructions in the manual . It is lighter than it looks but feels very solid . The watch is feature packed and loaded with functionality - There are no useless complications.All in all , I am thus far very happy with the purchase .
 THE CITIZEN CALIBRE WATCH IS AWESOME . MY HUSBAND WEARS IT ALL THE TIME . HAVE HAD ABSOLUTELY NO PROBLEMS .
 when wear it , i feel comfortable . Not expensive and beatifual look.but the chain is a little longer to me .
 I think this is a fine watch for the money . The directions appear to be a little more complex than they actually are . Pull out to the first click to set either alarm , time , local time , or calender . After you have moved the indicator to what you want to adjust , then pull out the rest of the way to actually adjust that item . On the con side the watch is a little heavy and the alarm is not very loud . So , unless you are a very light sleeper , it may not wake you up .
 I love this watch . This is the first time I 've ever bought a watch over $ 100 and I definitely feel it was worth it . Very easy to use and adjust . The weight and feel of the watch are excellent . The perpetual calendar feature is very good . I also chose to go with the white background vs. the blue which I think adds character to the watch . The only complaint is that the luminous hands do n't always brighten up in the dark , so sometimes it 's hard to read at nighttime . Otherwise , an excellent watch .
 My second Citizen watch . The two most important things to me - eco drive and perpetual calendar . Based on a couple of months experience with the watch I can say I am very well satisfied .
 I get nothing but compliments on this watch and even better I saw in a local jewelry store for almost double what I paid .
 I have always loved Disney . And I had been looking for a Disney watch for myself that was not too `` kiddie '' . When I came across this particular watch I knew that it was the one for me , and I am so pleased that I ordered it . As an adult , it 's just enough Disney to keep my heart and head in the fun mode . It arrived on time and was packed very well . I will definitely order again.Shannon Littleton
 I am delighted with my Disney watch . They are usually much more expensive than what I paid . It is a great watch for a small price . I have always wanted a Mickey watch . Thanks .
 I purchased this item for my friend and she just happened to be going to Disney around Christmas time . She loved it !
 Not flashy so it can be worn by adults in a work environment inspite of being a Mickey Mouse watch . The tune functionality is a big plus and the strap does not feel cheap . Overall , a great watch for someone with a liking for Mickey .
 This is the nicest Mickey watch I 've ever owned . The face background is a beautiful , deep blue . The band is very soft and comfortable . The musical tone is pleasant , but I do n't use it as this is my `` work place '' watch . It keeps accurate time , looks great , and is perfect for an older/mature person . Highly recommend !
 This is a beautiful watch , and a must have for any Mickey Mouse collector . I just wish the button for music was a little easier to push . Overall , I am very happy with this purchase .
 i love this watch it is great . i have had no promblems with it . my niece loves the song it plays and likes to push the button when she sees me .
 I love it !!! I love it !!! I love it !!! . This is one of the best mickey watches that I 've added to my collection . I love it !!!
 Love Mickey and this is really cute . Great for adults who love that little mouse
 It worked great and looked great but in the first week it managed to loose the button for the music to play . Sorta the point in purchasing this item . The replacement so far has been on my wrist for a week already without any further incident so I 'd gather it was a single defect event . Love that it plays the Mickey march . Works well in my business with children if I need a distraction to get there attention .
 Less timepiece and more jewelry!Look twice
 My girlfriend just loves Mickey Mouse to death , we have Mickey stuff all over the house . When she saw this watch she fell in love . It 's simple , yet elegant . Ca n't go wrong for the true Mickey lovers .
 Daughter is a Disney feind . This watch was subtle yet attractive , it made a good gift . Ca n't beat the price and comes in a `` collector '' storage tin . Recommended .
 Not just small children collect the Disney Princesses merchandise . I am purchasing it for my daughter for her 20th birthday as she has grown up with the princesses and they still mean as much to her as before . Plus she will then be able to pass it down to a daughter she may have . Therefore the princesses then will prove to be timeless .
 Watches received in good condition and in a timely fashion.The receipients were pleased with the gift .
 I love this sport watch . My daily watch is a Tag , but I wanted a sport watch for when boating , fishing , biking and swimming . My wife had a Freestyle watch for years and loved it , and it still works great . My only , small , gripe , is that there is some dust under the crystal . Freestyle said they would fix it , but I would have to pay an $ 8.50 handling charge to send it back . It 's under warranty , in fact new , so that irritated me . I just decided to live with it , it 's not that bad . But a great watch overall !
 This watch is the best watch I have ever purchased . I dont buy low end watches because of wasting money . This thing is very light , easy to read and tough . The only complaint I have is the keeper that the band threads thru once fasened is not tight enough . The band constantly flips out of keeper and getting hung on things . I glued a piece of velcro up inside the keeper to make it a tighter fit . -LRB- PROBLEM SOLVED -RRB-
 i purchased this watch after breaking mine . i have worn mickey watches for years and love them . this is one of my favorites , it 's just the right size and i love the mickey down in the corner .
 I got this watch from my Aunt when I was a young girl , and I absolutely loved it . When you pressed the alarm button , it would sing the Mickey Mouse Club theme song , and Mickey would come and dance . Still have this watch ; apparently it is incredibly hard to find nowadays . Lucky I held on to mine .
 This is an awesome watch ! Made by Fossil it 's going to be great anyways but this is a really good gift . Since it comes in three colors you can choose the style that best fits you , or the person that your buying it for . With this watch you also never have to wonder what day it is because of the four dial layout . It also comes with an eleven year warranty , so you do n't have to worry about it malfunctioning . To wrap up this review , if you need to give a gift for a guy who likes watches this is an exquisite gift .
 I really enjoy this watch . Very sharp looking and well built . The only problem I 'm having is the dial containing the number of the days of the month are very small and difficult to read . Also , there is no illumination feature to see the time at night . Other than those two suggestions , I really like it and wear it daily.I had to have the band resized by my local jeweler . I did not have the proper tools to do it myself .
 Worked and did exactly as described . Removed 4 links in a new Edifice and the more I did the quicker I got .
 I have had to adjust the bracelet in my Victorinox Maveric II watch . Could not have it done with ordinary bar pusher , and decided to buy this tool . The order was delivered promptly . It indeed made in Switzerland -LRB- according to the label on the back of the tool -RRB- . It contains two inserts for thicker and thinner bracelets , and two additional pins which I have not used yet . Sizing the bacelet was very straightforvard , it took about 5 min to remove two links . Very satisfied . When I visited a few jeweler stores to resize the bracelet they either could not do the job -LRB- hah-hah -RRB- or wanted to charge me $ 10 -LRB- the least -RRB- to $ 20 or even more . With this $ 13 tool I can resize dozens of bracelets easy .
 If you 're like me , married to a sweety with several watches that are always either too loose or too tight , this is a very handy gadget to have around . Simple to use , not a lot of rocket science here & it saves repeated trips to the jeweler . Just work slowly , haste will result in a bent push pin or damaged link .
 Arrived fien as a replacement for another one I had and broke . That is all I can say fir now as it is such a simple implement and I have nothing else to add and I 'm writin just to fill in the 20 or so words required . And that is all I have to say .
 The product does not look as good as it is in the picture . So I returned it and got the refund very quickly .
 I have had this watch for several years and LOVE it . It looks great with any style and is very comfortable to wear . It works great - I accidently dropped it outside one night and ran over part of it with my car . Found it the next morning and was able to bend the chain back in shape . It still runs beautifully . I love it so much I have ordered it in silver and am ordering another yellow gold since mine is getting old and they are increasingly hard to find . I am hard on watches but this one has worked longer than any I have ever had and I absolutely love the style .
 It 's a great watch . It has a good weight and feel to it . The face is easy to read . It is a much higher quality than I expected . I 'm thrilled with it .
 After having worn leather-band watches for years , I wanted to to get a little more stylish by choosing a metal-band watch but was afraid I would not achieve the same comfort with a metal watch.I am happy to say that this Kenneth Cole watch sits on my wrist perfectly and is actually more comfortable than the leather-band watches I have owned.In addition to comfort , the watch is obviously stylish , as the photo above depicts , and it is very easy to read the time even when it is relatively dark , thanks to the silver watch background and the luminescent white strips integrated into the watch hands . Finally , having the date on the watch is a welcome addition that I have not had on any of my current watches.For $ 95 , this watch is a bargain .
 I WAS VERY PLEASED WITH THE ITEM . THE ONLY PROBLEM IS THAT YOU HAVE TO BE VERY CAREFUL . THE FACE SCRATCHES EASILY . I DO NOT SUGGEST WORKING OUT , OR DOING YARD WORK WHILE WEARING , BUT OVERALL A NICE PRODUCT . JUST AS DESCRIBED .
 Good strong watchband , I would buy another , does the job well and fits nicely on the watch , I may buy more when needed .
 This watch arrived tangled and with a broken clasp . I did not contact the company to fix the problem however because it was a great deal , and it only cost me $ 10 to fix . It is now beautiful and perfect !!!
 This is a nice watch from Fossil . I also got it at a great price .
 Good and strong watchband , I would buy another if needed , nice color as well , easy on and off , fits the watch nicely .
 it has a cheap look , poor material quality both strap and buckle , i was expecting it to be a little wider .
 This is a nice watch . I purchased this 2 years ago and it said the battery would last 2 years and that was exactly correct , battery just died and I am going to purchase a new battery SR626SW . It looks like this watch is not longer sold on Amazon but I recommend it if you can find it anywhere .
 This watch is a perfect dressy casual watch , very cute and stylish ... I would recommend and even buy again if I ever lost it .
 Just got this watch today but I purchased it from a different seller at fraction of the price.So far I am very happy with it . Its a little on the heavy side but otherwise its a great timepiece.The button functions are easy to use as long as you read the manual . The only thing this watch is missing is an ability to light up in the dark .
 The seller of this item was very attentive and gracious . She helped me solve a slight problem immediately . I ca n't thank her enough .
 I ordered this watch for my husband and he loves it . However the watch was sent out to us with a battery that was darn near dead -LRB- only 1/2 volt left in it ! -RRB- . So he had to change the battery in just a few days . It was a good thing he had had one of these watches before and knew how to do it . Otherwise it would have had to go back to the factory for the battery to be changed . These are excellent watches and my husband will always wear this type of watch .
 I have had this watch for a couple of years . It has kept accurate time without any problems . The silver paint does wear off leaving a gray plastic base . This watch does n't have a backlight to help seeing the time in dark conditions .
 This watch is very cool because it sets itself to an atomic clock every day , so that if you google `` The exact time now '' and check the official time on your computer they coincide to the second . I was a little disappointed after daylight savings time it took the watch almost an entire day to adjust backwards that additional hour . Overall I am very happy with the watch .
 I 'm always on time throughout the day , from the start of the job to middle of the night . Ready for the news or the start of programs on the TV or radio . I have people come to me for the accurate time so they can set their watches .
 I have a previously purchased watch , same type , about 4 years old and stilloperating , but thought the enclosed battery might be about done , sopurchased an exact duplicate just in case . Info with the replacementbattery shows that the back may be removed and a new battery installedif needed . Watch band quality is not to my liking , but replaced itand original watch is still doing fine.Bill Baldwin , retired Navyzbillyb@verizon.net
 I bought this watch for my husband . He had another atomic watch from LaCrosse which decided to stop completely . He had to buy a different strap , as this one was too small . This one is larger than the previous one , so it took a while to get used to . I do n't hear any problems about it now . The previous one kept going black on him when it was in the sun too long .
 The price is very reasonable , it was very easy to perform the initial setup . Delivery was very quick . I wear it when I work and it appears to be very durable . Would make a great gift.UPDATE
 This watch works as advertised and is really a good product . As I understand , it constantly synchronizes with the atomic clock somewhere in Colorado I believe . I live in Minnesota , and I 've never had problems connecting to the atomic clock -LRB- which is automatic -RRB- . In fact , the watch is mostly automatic . There are no buttons with which you can adjust the time . There is a small slot on the right hand side , accessible by pen , that allows you to adjust the TIME ZONE . When you select the correct time zone , the time will be set accordingly , and it is also set for Daylight Savings Time , which you can toggle . I recommend you keep the manual that comes with it . Basically you set the time zone once and that 's it . No more maintenance required.The only quirk I have is that the inner strap is not adjustable . Its a kind of one-size-fits-all deal . If you wear it for six hours straight , you might notice an impression left on your wrist -LRB- but then again , that pretty much happens with all watches -RRB- . Its only a minor annoyance at first and you 'll get used to it - it wo n't cut your hand or anything . Plus , you can just switch it to the other wrist temporarily . But do n't let this stop you from getting this watch . Whereas other watches take time to adjust -LRB- and if you lose the manual - you 're screwed -RRB- , this one is basically `` Plug and Play . ''
 I broke the watch band on the first day gettig it on and off.The band was too small . I bought a new band at Walmart for less than $ 10 . I like the watch 's simplicity . It only has one button and it is recessed.Therefore you can not catch things on the buttons . A background light on the watch would be nice but I understand that putting one on it would probably greatly shorten battery life . I wore watch to Doctor 's office where he was to burn off warts . He used an electronic scaple to cut the warts and majically shot my atomic watch about 4 hrs into the future . The watch reset to the correct time the next day . I have only had watch about a month . It is accurate and I like it .
 This is a replacement of the same model that I purchased several years ago . The original was my favorite , but had developed a moisture intrusion problem that caused it to temporarily become unradable when I got warm enough to perspire.ps I now reside at 5337 Davidson St SE , Allbany Or 97322
 I found my new LaCrosse Radio Controlled wrist watch to be great . I had one before so I knew what I was getting.La Crosse Technology WT-967S Metal Strap Atomic Watch
 The watch functions perfectly . It 's a good thing it comes with understandable instructions , otherwise this user would never have been able to figure out how to set it . Even so , I did n't bother to change it to my vacation time zone while away from home as I did n't want the aggravation if I screwed it up . It arrived very soon after I placed the order and I never pay extra for speeded up shipping .
 This is the second one of these I 've owned . The first was the plastic case version and it lasted seven years of rugged use . The watch still runs and keeps perfect time but the case broke where the band attaches . I was lost with out accurate time and I almost could n't wait to get it replaced . This time I got the stainless steel case and expansion band . I love my LaCrosse watch !
 Very good price and fast delivery . Just your good old fashioned watch . No lap timers , stopwatch etc. . Large display .
 This is the best digital watch I ever had . It was programmed properly to change to DST . No fooling around to reset the watch . In my book , it is a great buy . Hence , a 5 Star rating.Allen S. ZimmermanAllentown , PA USA
 This was a replacement for a previous La Crosse watch of which I was very pleased in having . My only problem right now is that the strap is too tight and I need to purchase another strap or extensions for my current strap . Can you help me with this opportunity
 We purchased the LaCrosse Atomic Watch for our adult disabled son who has Cerebral Palsy.We were especially pleased to find when we opened it that it had an expandable band and not one that had a clasp as he would n't be able to put it on himself.The watch keeps perfect time and another added feature is that it automatically changes time for him in the spring and fall , as he lives in a group home.He got it as a Christmas gift and has been wearing it every day since and loves it !
 I really do n't know what you want ? I am happy with my purchase , I am wearing it right now and do so every day . This is the second watch of its kind I have had and I am most happy with both of them.I have used Amazon before and am well satisfied with their help in getting me the things I have wanted .
 This is a great watch.It looks stylish and syncs automatically with the atomic reference in Colorado . Please note that because it syncs automatically , there is only one button !! You will not be able to easily set it manually , but you do n't need to . Using the one button , you just need to select the time zone you are in , and once the watch syncs , you are set.The display is clear from all angles and all light conditions including semi-bright sunlight , which is much better than many other LCD watches.Band is adjustable , great watch .
 I like the watch very much . It keeps perfect time . It has a true expansion band that fits very tight . There are two things that you should know
 This is my second La Crosse Atomic Watch . It is very accurate , comfortable to wear , attractive design , and suits my personality . By the way , the first watch became infused with water and rusted to te point of complete failure . I am making sure my second watch does not have the same end .
 Model WT-967SL watch works very well . You could maske clearer the instructions about resetting the watch after battery replacement , however .
 I bought this for my husband . It was a deal of the day & I just paid $ 9.99 . He absolutely loves it . When I got it for him , I thought he 'd just wear it a little . I was wrong ... . He loves it more than I ever thought possible . It 's a nice looking , accurate watch . Great deal
 This excellent time keeper provides digital , accurate timekeeping format either in 12 hour or 24 hour presentation as selected , along with day and date .
 This is the second watch of this type I have bought . Having themselves set once every 24 hours makes them the most accurate and maintenance free watches you can own . The fact that you can buy them for under $ 25.00 and that the batteries last about 2 years , make them perfect.Check for the right type of wrist band , as the elastic ones may cut off some people 's blood circulation .
 This is an excellent atomic watch at a very reasonable price . LaCrosse has always been reliable in this anD other purchases .
 This is my second of this model watch . My first wristwatch still works , but cosmetically looks terrible . I bought quality ` twisty ' bands for both of them for a better fit . My experience -- one application of sunscreen on my skin and all imprinting on the watch 's back came off and became a black blotch on my wrist . Now that the imprint 's gone , I 'll be waiting to see what happens to the remaining finish on the sides with time , sweat , sunscreen and wear . I would be happy to pay a higher price for better finish and materials , so long as the watch design and features were the same -- which is why I bought this one . I could not find an all-metal La Crosse of similar design .
 La Crosse Technology WT-967S Metal Strap Atomic WatchBest price in town for one of the best watches I have owned . Need a great gift idea ? Now you know what to give . The watch band is a bit tight for a large , large wrist so make you sure have an extra link so you can expand the wrist band if necessary . It also takes a beating and keeps on ticking -LRB- my apology to Timex -RRB- .
 I have had this watch for several years . The outside of the watch is plastic . The band is flex metal . I enjoy this watch because when daylight savings presents itself , all I need do is to set the watch in the window at night , and in the morning , I know the correct time . Atomic watches are for me . I do not need to guess what is the time to the minute . Other non-atomic watches may keep good time , however , like in the military movies where four or five men will synchronize their watches , revels watches read approximate time . I happened to choose this brand because I liked the style of simplisity .
 These are nice watches . They receive a radio signal from the US Naval Observatory , and automatically display the exact time . All you have to do is set the watch to your time zone . It then shows the exact time , date , and month , self adjusting for standard-daylight savings time . My only complaint is that the watch is not reliably water resistant . This is my 3rd purchase of this watch . The first two eventually ended up with moisture under the crystal , after a few years of wear . But the purchase ptice is reasonable enough , and the delivery time short enough , that I have chosen to order a new one , rather than spend gas money to shop for something else .
 Wow !!!! I just bought this watch in April ... It was $ 49.95 ... I want to buy another one and now the price is $ 969.99 , , , , , what the heck is going on ?????????? Its a great watch ... but not for that price ...
 These watches are not easy to find . This is the eight one I have bought . I buy them for other people . That is how much I like them . This one has a larger display then the last one but I find as I grow older this is better . I do n't need all the whistles and bells the other watches have .
 This is my third Atomic Watch over the past few yearsand it is by far the most trouble-free . If you do n'tneed all the buttons and dials of a chronograph and thetroubles maintaining and resetting them , then this isthe watch for you . I consider the plastic case a realplus in radio signal reception in fringe signal areas tokeep the watch accurate .
 This purchase was a replacement of the one that I had purchased about 8 years ago and finelly wore out . It is a great watch and I love it , easy to read and always the correct time .
 I had one of theses watches before and it just wore out . Bought this one over the internet from Amazon about $ l0 .00 cheaper than anywhere else and it was delivere in just a few days . This is the place to buy one .
 Wonderful product
 Since I am a stickler for the exact time , this watch is a winner . It is a great pleasure to know my time is correct.Thank you , La Crosse Technology for this superb watch .
 This is the second La Cross watch I have . the other one is 8 yrs old and still ticking . I would not buy any other watch . It keeps perfect time.The service I have gotten from the seller was the best that I have had from sellers on other sites . kudo 's for Amazon.com .
 This is my second LaCrosse Technologies watch . The only reason I needed it was because I messed up trying to change the battery myself -LRB- to save a few bucks -RRB- . Besides , this one is better looking . The watches , being `` atomic '' keep perfect time and wear like a solid iron ball . Except for the battery changing , there is no maintenance or care needed . I depend on the watch as I depend on the sun . The only improvement I can think of would be a lighted dial for night wear .
 I purchased this watch because I have a radio-controlled clock on my nightstand and have no way of obtaining the correct time when away from home . I ride the local bus to and from work every day and they have WWVB clocks on board . So , I know that if I am on time with this watch to the bus stop , they will also . The only drawback is there is no backlighting and can not be read in the dark .
 I have OWNED other LaCrosse watches , this is , by far the best Atomic watch I have ever owned .
 The watch is very beautiful , the leather is great and the seller delivered the watch very fast , providing all information to track the parcel on it 's way . Great product , great service .
 Gave it to my 20 year old daughter as a gift ... she loved it ! I wish I would have bought another one for myself !
 I 've had this watch for several years now ; although I do n't have the exact model as pictured today , but carries the same model number . Other than replacing the leather band recently it 's done a good job . However do note two things . Upon initial setup I did have to manually set the minute hand to agree to the exact minute -LRB- about 1 minute position -RRB- . Then recently I had dropped the watch on carpet and later noticed the minute hand was 25 minutes off from actual time . After finding the setup instructions ; my hard copy lost somewhere in house , on the web I again carefully went though the steps -LRB- bottom of page 9
 I have really enjoyed my new watch . The numbers are easy to see , but the date is still hard to read . I love that it sets it 's self when there is a time change from standard time to daylight saving time .
 I bought this for my husband for his birthday ! So far so good ! He likes it and found it very fun to see the atomic time setting . Very accurate . he loves stainless steel . Hope it lasts !
 Nice watch for the price . A little thick size wise but keeps excellent time . The second and date function work very well . Does keep excellent time . Also lite weight .
 I love these radio controlled watches . The battery on the first watch I got lasted 2 years.You will never worry about setting the correct time on these watches . I have two E. Howardwatches and one clock .
 I 've had this for many months , and I 'm happy with it . It 's a very large watch -LRB- tall as well as wide -RRB- , but it 's reasonably attractive . It keeps great time , immediately setting itself back for DST . It has an indicator that shows whether it has recently picked up the radio signal , so you know if it 's working . -LRB- I believe it tries to update every two weeks or so . -RRB- No complaints . Just a cute little watch , with reasonable quality . Have not seen any other watches like this one . Seems unique .
 This is my 2nd watch by E Howard . Problem with the last watch , failed to receive updates to time . Could not set manually .
 I purchased this to replace another E.Howard Atomic Watch . My husband loves it because the larger numbers are easier to read , it keeps accurate time and is comfortable.He loved the old one , until the battery died . Then we could n't reset it . We followed the instructions , but it did n't reset to the correct time . He went back to a `` regular '' wristwatch and was very unhappy and missed the accuracy of the atomic watch.So I ordered him this newer model , which I could n't set either . After 3 days it went back to a different time zone -LRB- Eastern -RRB- . I called Amazon.com customer service . They ordered a new watch to be sent and asked me to return it , postage paid.There were no problems setting the replacement . He loves it . It keeps accurate time and the leather band is comfortable . The next time we need to replace the battery , I will take the instruction book to the jeweler along with the watch . My husband will always wear one of these atomic watches , we hope this is the last one we buy .
 I love this watch but can only give it four stars . It receives the WWVB signal every two or three days in Maine , so the seconds are dead accurate , but it once lost seven minutes . I was able reset it and it has not gone off since . I find this extremely careful tracking of seconds along with careless loss of minutes somewhat endearing - it reminds me of some of my own misplaced priorities.The size and clarity of the display are also good for my tired aging eyes , like a kitchen clock with a strap . The watch it replaced had a plethora of little dials trying to tell me things I do n't need to know and I had to find my best reading glasses and stare at it in good light just to tell the time.So this `` atomic '' watch is my favorite among a drawer full of time keepers , but I check the minutes every now and then .
 I like the watch very much . The only down-side is that it has no back-light , nor do the hands glow so it can not be read in the dark .
 The watch is fine , but they charged me $ 13 + shipping that was supposed to be free
 I got this watch from my Dad . I am a 5 ' 7 '' woman and I LOVE the large face of this watch . I have one with a stretch band and that is a little bit loose on my wrist -LRB- which I like -RRB- . The watch did not re-set to the correct DST this fall until the day after the time changed , but it did re-set the next day . Other than that one glitch , it keeps wonderful , accurate , time . The watch face fills my wrist , but it does not look like I 'm wearing a clock on my wrist . I plan to buy another one so that I can give this one back to my Dad and have one for myself .
 I 've had this for many months , and I 'm happy with it . It 's a very large watch -LRB- tall as well as wide -RRB- , but it 's reasonably attractive . It keeps great time , immediately setting itself back for DST . It has an indicator that shows whether it has recently picked up the radio signal , so you know if it 's working . -LRB- I believe it tries to update every two weeks or so . -RRB- No complaints . Just a cute little watch , with reasonable quality . Have not seen any other watches like this one . Seems unique .
 I bought this for my 90 + year old grandfather . He was wearing a Casio Waveceptor for years until the leather band broke . I gave up trying to replace the band and bought him this watch . It has a large face -LRB- larger than I expected -RRB- which makes it easy to read . The band is nice too . The only con i can think of is it does n't have luminous hands or numbers .
 Excellent product -- I 'm well pleased . Somewhat larger than I had anticipated , but clear , easily readable , attractive dial -- the best I 've seen . Keeps perfect time , of course , because it 's automatically adjusted by the government 's Denver time signal , or similar signals world-wide . Only drawback for me is personal ; I prefer a metal expandable or clasp band which can more readily be removed when I wash my hands or remove the watch for some other reason.E . Howard EH-23SA Stainless Steel Atomic Watch
 This atomic watch is somewhat unusual , since the great majority of such watches are digital.But I have always preferred the more traditional analog face with large numbers , and this styleis n't common among atomic watches.It keeps time perfectly since it is reset daily , even accommodating for Daylight Savings changes twice a year . The little window at the bottom of the face easily switches between the date and seconds-counter -LRB- there is no sweep second hand -RRB- . Inset buttons on the left make time changes easy -- for instance , when traveling across time zones.The wrist band is a good quality leather that fits well.I recommend this item without reservation , particularly at the price at which it is offered .
 Great watch and because it is an atomic watch it is always accurate .
 This watch is a very wonderful time piece it is so easy to calibrate . It is almost automatic . I would recommend it very highly .
 I 've had my watch for almost a year now with no problems . When the tone sounds on the hour -LRB- radio -RRB- the minute hand moves at exactly the same time . Shows date or seconds but not both . I wish it had a second hand making it a four star instead of a five star for me . Very legible . Once you own an atomic watch and/or clock , you wo n't go back .
 I have used `` Atomic '' watches for several years now . I bought this one to replace a similar one that died after some years of use . This one died in abut a week . Their customer service fixed it in really good order
 I like the style and accuracy of this watch . Everything is as advertised . It picked up the time signal quickly and has kept the time since then precisely . One minor `` complaint ''
 This watch lived up to the ad . My experience with a previous model of this watch was the reason I purchased this watch which seems to be more sensitive to the signal than the older watch . Also , it was less expensive than the older watch was . I have no complaints . It was shipped quickly which was greatly appreciated .
 Love this watch . Very care free -LRB- once its set -RRB- The battery ran out though and was a bit tricky to replace . The back does come off but its tough . There are no notches . I used a really sharp pocket knife to wedge in between the back bezel edge and used the lugs -LRB- things that holds the watch band -RRB- as leverage . After a bit of finesse and force was able to pop it off and get to the battery . It took a while to figure out as I was afraid to scratch it but figured it must come off some how and if I break it oh well . . it was useless to me with a dead battery anyways . . went for broke and it popped off nicely . Also bought a new watch band to boot : -RRB-
 I purchased my watch used here on Amazon . It had a problem so I contacted the company to find out if it was repairable . They went above and beyond . After some study they decided that it would be best for me to have a new watch and they gave it to me at no , yes I said no charge . The new watch is running exceptionally . If you are one of those time freaks like myself then this will satisfy your desire to know that you have the exact time , right to the second . I wish I had had this watch back in 1968-1972 when my military assignment required me to have the time right to the second . It would have saved me many headaches . -LRB- Happy in Connecticut -RRB-
 I really like this watch . The time was a bit difficult to set , but there was a monsoon storm outside which was probably preventing the watch from picking up a signal . After the watch received a signal , the instructions were very easy to follow . I took it down to a local watch repair place , and they replaced the battery for $ 15 -LRB- but lifetime warranty on the battery -RRB- . It did look a little complicated , like some reviewers have said , due to having to basically take almost all of the watch out of the case to get to the battery . Also , based on some of the reviews , I expected this watch to be GIANT , but it 's not any larger than most men 's watches I currently own . I was also a little worried about the gold plating looking tacky , but it does n't . If you follow the instructions to set the watch , and wait for it to get the atomic time , it 's easy to set , but just takes a little patience . Also , if you go to a qualified watch repair shop , they should have no problems replacing the battery . It 's a great watch , at a great price on Amazon . I 'm seeing this watch go for much more on certain auction sites . It 's also a very classy alternative to a waveceptor , which I also looked at . Anyway , thanks for reading my very wordy review . I hope it helps someone looking to buy an atomic watch .
 I received this watch as a Christmas Gift . It was what I asked Santa for . Santa -LRB- my wife -RRB- ordered it for me . Christmas morning came and I opened my gifts and got my watch ! It has been great . I have not had any problems or difficulties with the watch or it 's functions . It is well worth the price and I would n't hestitate to reccommend it to anyone . It is well built and does everything it says it will do . It looks great too !
 The watch is exactly what I wanted . I have several atomic watches by Lacrosse and have never had a problem with them . This watch is a different style and that is what I was looking for . The price was great . I have used Amazon for many of my purchases and they are always great .
 I 've had this watch for 8 years , replaced the battery twice in that time which is about average . I paid 3 times this current price since it was a newer concept back then . The watch keeps great time but will fail to correct itself for DST or ST changes , I even placed it in the window the nights those time changes occur.Keep the setting instructions because you 'll need them to properly and easily adjust the watch to the correct time . I noticed one review that said the watch was off by 5 minutes , that can be corrected by adjusting the minute hand using the A button -LRB- right side of the watch -RRB- first then advancing the minute hand incrementally using the B button on the left side of the watch just make sure you 're in the proper time zone first . Again KEEP THE INSTRUCTIONS.Other than that the watch is very nice looking and I 've had many positive complements about it . It 's also nice to see these watches come down in price from $ 179.00 to less than $ 40.00 . I like it 's light weight and simple functions -LRB- Time , Date , Seconds -RRB- and I 'll purchase another one with the roman numerals -LRB- model EH-23G -RRB- in the near future .
 I received the watch in perfect condition after a reasonable wait time.It was in excellent shape . The only negative -LRB- and it is n't much -RRB- is that it required three nights to find the Atomic signal.I am very satisfied with the watch and the transaction .
 It is an elegant watch , very accurate , looks nice and is not expensive.I live in Argentina , 80 km north of Buenos Aires , here comes not radio control signal , but in two weeks not time differences were detected.I am very satisfied .
 With the advent of micro-electronics , watches -LRB- like digital cameras and cellphones -RRB- , have become over-burdened with too many useless features . The delightful thing about this watch is its simplicity . Easy to set and use -LRB- through two buttons on the side , one of which is flat with the side of the watch -RRB- , it does what a watch is supposed to do -- keep time accurately and display it clearly . Everything about this watch reflects quality and simplicity . It is truly an elegant product.Because of the electronics required to receive the time by satellite each night , the case is somewhat thicker than other analog watches . This has not bothered me , but others may disagree.If you do buy the watch , KEEP THE MANUAL . It contains instructions for what to do if the analog hands end up being out of sync with the electronic signal . This happened to me , and the only way to get them back in sync is to follow the detailed instructions in the manual.Features : Multi-Function LCD -LRB- Date , Seconds , Time Zone -RRB- German Atomic MovementWWVB Radio Controlled Time SettingU.S . Time Zone Selection -LRB- P , M , C , E -RRB- Absolute Time and Date AccuracyPerpetual CalendarManual Transmission Seeking FunctionDigital Seconds or DateAuto Daylight Saving Time ResetLow Battery IndicatorClassic Arabic Number DialHandmade Gold Plated Stainless CasePolished Scratch Resistant CrystalBrown Leather BandWater Resistant to 5 Atmospheres10 Year WarrantyGift BoxCase Diameter
 Gee I love this watch , BUTwhen I got up today and lookedat it , the time was off by one hour.Unfortunately it failed to see thatthe stupid DST had finally ended !! -LRB- It is quite a pain to program itback to the new time ! -RRB- The watch is , though , quite stylish .
 This watch -LRB- in the E. Howard `` style '' is a perfect timepiece for those -LRB- like myself -RRB- who are time `` nuts '' and value having the completely correct time immediately available more than a piece of jewelery as wrist adornment.The face is simple and readable , with the just the right amount of space reserved for the LCD date -LRB- or second -RRB- readout . The minute hand moves every 20 seconds allowing the wearer to tell at a glance the correct time to this precision.The watch found the `` atomic '' signal within 15 or so minutes at the initial set-up , and has not had any problems with daily re-synching - at the unobtrusive hour of 2 a.m.Although I can not justify why it pleases me to `` wear '' the exact time , it certainly does , and for those who feel likewise this is an excellent choice .
 Not much to add . Looks good and keeps time as accurate as anything sold.While the watch is a `` bit '' large , I can read it without my glasses when necessary.Cannot understand why E.Howard is made in China ?
 Once I figured out how to set this watch -LRB- instructions are not very helpful -RRB- , it has been fine . It is good looking and accurate .
 This is a very handsome watch with a classic face and an attractive and sturdy leather band . It certainly qualifies as a dress watch but would not look out of place for causual wear . I have only lost the signal once in the two weeks I have owned it and was able to reacquire the signal in less than two minutes . It is a little thick so guys using the second button on their shirt cuffs may find it difficult to slide their cuff over the watch . I 'm extremely happy with the product so far . The only downside is that folks at work are constantly asking me for the time .
 I long ago fell in love with the idea of a watch that never needed adjusting - kept perfect time without my help , in other words . All I could ever find were digital watches , which did a great job but looked like ... ugly ! This is the perfect solution
 After seeing this watch advertised on sale at another web site for $ 119 . I checked mfg web site and found it for $ 80 then checked Amazon and made the purchase under $ 50 , what a great buy . The packaging alone is exquisite . The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars the digital area is a bit hard to read.Keeps great time , is great for all occasions and as soon as I get a gold band on it it will be my favorite watch
 I just wanted to say that the watch was purchased as a gift and that the party getting it was completely satisfied with it .
 I bought this item for my son who has a bladder problem . This is great to put this on him as a friendly `` go to the bathroom '' reminder and he wo n't have to be embarrassed by his teachers telling him to go potty in front of his friends.I did find this watch extremely hard to program as the instructions were not clear by any means and very confusing . It tells you about the different features and the different alarms , but it is not clear how to set it up to go off at certain times . I had 3 college educated people besides myself take a look at this watch and they could not figure it out . Thank God a co-worker who is more technically inclined than myself figured it out.Good product , poor instructions .
 We are so happy to have found this watch ! It is a great help to our son who is four and still mastering potty training . He is clearly happy to have something that helps him manage his potty training himself , which he is eager to master , but ca n't seem to do yet . We think more parents should be aware of this product for children who are old enough to manage this themselves , but for whatever reason are having trouble with understanding their body 's signals.This also would work well for children -LRB- or adults -RRB- who would like a regular reminder or several specific reminders every day for anything ... pills , whatever.The one thing we 'd like to be able to change is that you can not change the 10 and 5 minute reminders when you have a regular recurring auto-resetting reminder time over 10 minutes - and our four year old gets confused and thinks those are the actual reminder . we 'd like to turn that off.The other flaw is the band , which is velcro -LRB- great to be able to put on and take off easily -RRB- but is a hard plastic , that is already molded in one shape of the box when it gets to you in the package , and is relatively bulky and uncomfortable - anything more pliable , softer , etc would be a huge improvement.Thank you for creating a product that can help people to manage reminders on their own !!! A true life changing item !
 I bought this watch for my grandson that was having incontinence issues . He had some health issues and this watch reminded him to go the bathroom on a set schedule with a quite vibration on his arm . This was invaluable and retrained his bladder .
 Watch came in good time and keeps even better time ! Very happy with this purchase
 i like this one . I have owned this for 4 months now . Got loads of compliments . very nice one . .
 I feel I saved considerable dollars on the purchase of a name brand product . The sale was professional from the ordering to the receiving and to the follow up . I am impressed .
 I bought this watch because I needed a dual-alarm watch to remind my wife to take medication twice a day while we traveled.With sound vibration and light options the alarm can be discrete -LRB- vib -RRB- or very noticeable - all three . The 24-hour countdown feature also sets off the alarm and automatically resets . With a little planning you can set the dual alarms and the countdown timer and get as many alarm reminders as you need per day.I thought that using the vibe feature twice a day every day would eat batteries , but I have had the watch 13/4 years now and the battery is finally getting a little weak . The water resistant feature works , I 've accidently dunked the watch a few time . Now to clean it I put it under the faucet . The only drawbacks are that the watch is big and with time the silver coating wears off to reveal a whit plastic underneath . It 's not too noticable . It is perfect for my needs and I highly recommend it .
 Postive
 My boyfriend is a pilot and this watch is the newest latest greatest product that all his pilot buddies are getting . We are happy with it so far . The only problem that we have with it is that the buttons are hard to push . When you are turning off an alarm every fifteen minutes this can be a real pain . I am sure that it would cause problems with someone who does not have a lot of strength in their hands.There is also an alarm function that this watch is suppose to have that it just does not . I can not remember the specifics -LRB- the watch is currently with my boyfriend doing rescue missions in Louisiana -RRB- . We have looked at other products and despite the small issues that we have had with it , this one was by the best . The vibrating alert that can be set at so many different intervals really makes this product stand out .
 I am very happy with this watch as it has exactly everything that I needed . The best part is that it has auto-countdown timer that works without any hassle . I use it mainly for daily medication -LRB- multiple dose -RRB- reminder and it works wonderfully with its built-in vibration mode . The timer warns you twice , with a single vibe -LRB- or beep -RRB- , before going off when it reaches the end time
 I LOVE IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! PRICED TO SELL.THANK YOU , MIKE
 I did n't purchase this watch from Amazon , but I just had to leave my review . This is the 1st watch that I 've found that actually FIT me well ! I have a small wrist and that 's a big plus ! It 's also VERY well made and extremely cute ! I love Gwen Stefani for designing this !!
 El precio es costoso para el reloj pero en su totalidad el reloj se ve bien .
 This watch is perfect . It 's display is large and shows good illumination in the dark.Its great even for one with poor eyesight.This watch is so practical.I first bought one for my brother and then I got one for myself.I think its attractive as it is functional.It is everything a lady 's formal watch is n't . I like it because it 's waterproof and so practical.I recommend this highly .
 Like many others , I have discovered after years of irritation and itching that my skin is sensitive to the metal nickel . This usually means that I steer clear of all metal in watches , as most `` stainless '' is really anything but , containing enough nickel to cause rashes and water-blisters . This does not mean that I really like plastic watches ; just that they have become my only option . It was with some hesitation that I allowed myself to become infatuated with the elegant looks of this watch . A visit to the Kenneth Cole site brought me very good news
 Ohh this watch is very cool , it gives you the elegance of a leather traps and metallic dial , with this neat touch of technology display . I really love this watch . Its display has this bright lcd that you can see very clearly and at nite its light brights very cool . Perfect for any occasion fits with everything ... !
 This item arrived promptly and in great shape . I was very pleased and will order again .
 I LOVE this watch ! Unique design with millefiori dial , everyone who sees it wants it . Keeps perfect time , looks stylish with any outfit , comfortable fit , sturdy , easy to put on/take off . Mom took mine so I ordered another . Highly Recommend !
 I purchased this watch for Valentine 's Day and my boyfriend loved it . The watch was delivered to me within days -LRB- I live in Canada -RRB- . I would definitely recommend it . The company also followed up with me via email , which put my mind at ease as it was my first Amazon purchase.The only drawback was that we had to pay an additional $ 20 when it was delivered -LRB- taxes -RRB- ... hey , but that 's our gov ` t , what can you do !
 My fianc&eacute;e got this watch as a present from his mom a year or so ago . Unfortunately , his original one broke in a bad fall . This was the exact replacement and he loves it . Thank you for carrying a model that seems to be discontinued everywhere else .
 watch is nice , considering when you look at the picture of it , it looks big , when you get it , it appears to be too small of a watch , but its a ladies watch . no direction in opening the bracelet to fit around your wrist , did not know it had double clasps on it , thought it was only one . after a couple of days of calling watch shops to see if they carry Boluva watches -LRB- links -RRB- , alot do n't , but realized a second clasp was on this bracelet , must pull hard to open , now it fits around the wrist like it should ! :-RRB- now we are all happy .
 Altough from the picture posted in Amazon originally I thought this wath was a little bigger -LRB- wich is the trend now a days -RRB- I 'm very happy with it . It is a very elegant watch you can were to work , to go out , and even to weddings and gala events because of the little dimonds around de dial . This is a watch to wear for a long time !
 I bought this watch for mu wife a month go and she loves it . It has kept good time and looks great .
 I have this watch and will say without hesitation that it 's my favorite . It 's smartly styled , very classy and easy to read . I rarely even take it off because it is so comfortable , this watch does not slide around on my wrist . It 's very well designed . In regards to form and function . . the Marine Star has it all .
 I got this watch as an -LRB- after -RRB- Xmas gift and I must say it is all I had hoped it would be . Sparkly and gorgeous but not so over the top that it looks out of place when worn everyday . I really like the mother of pearl face with the subtle coloring and the super shiny stainless steel . I also like the clasp , I 've never had a watch with such a secure yet understated -LRB- nearly invisible ! -RRB- clasp , it feels very safe . I highly recommend this watch it is beautiful !
 I love this watch . It has enough glitz on it to make it special , but not too much that you ca n't wear it everyday . I love the double clasp - I 'm never losing this watch ! It lays smoothly on my wrist , I never catch it on anything . Great purchase , I highly recommend it .
 I received this watch for my birthday . It is beautiful and I plan on wearing it everyday .
 I got this for my girlfriend for christmas and she absolutely loved it ! She said that it fits perfectly and she has had no problems with it . It 's a very nice watch that can complement any clothing attire as well as other pieces of jewlery .
 I ordered this watch about three weeks ago & I am really enjoying it . It is a very pretty & stunning watch . I have gotten several compliments on it . I wear it most every day & I probably have about 30 watches to choose from . I love the raised crystal face ! Just the style I was looking for .
 Bought for wife she loves it . Co-workers have noticed and wanted to know where she got it . Great looking watch .
 El paquete llego en el tiempo indicado , y en perfectas condiciones , el producto es de calidad . Recomiendo a este vendedor ! .
 The watch was perfect , as beautiful as in the picture and it arrived so fast I could n`t believe it ...
 Hola , por este producto relativamente por su precio , no esperaba mejor cosa , pero he quedado realmente sorprendido al ver sus detalles , y las buenas referencias que he encontrado de la marca fossil , lo que mas me llamo la atencion fue el detalle de diamente que tiene en el cristal de frontal , muy buen trabajo , y con sus 10 a & ntilde ; os de garantia , respaldan este producto .
 Now this is just a look at the product out of the box , but I am very happy so far . I have very slim wrists/arms , and the size is great . The crown looked a bit large in the pictures , but it is actually pulled out further than it is when you would wear it -LRB- maybe the photographer wanted the second hand arrested for a better picture -RRB- , and in life it is in fine proportion to the rest of the watch . I love the gorgeous sculpted/faceted style face . The outer numbers are shining silver . The date is small , but I can read it pretty easily -- it might be too small for some folks . I have n't had a watch with date in so long , and wanted one -- now i realize i will be resetting the date following those months that do n't have 31 days ! That 's not a big headache , though . The crown has two pull-out positions , one for date and one for time . The second hand tick is only audible if you hold the piece to your ear . Feels like a very good quality watch so far , and I am very happy with the style . It 's classic , maybe even retro -LRB- i have an old mechanical men 's watch from somewhere between the 1940s and 1960s that has a similar face , probably why i liked this one so much -RRB- , a very go-with-everything style .
 Bought it to my girlfriend and i dont regret . Its a very nice watch by Victorinox , a classic Switzerland label . Its very charming and comes with a leather band that matches with any clothes . My girlfriend love it . : -RRB-
 I love the Nike Presto Cee watches . They 're really easy to put on and take off and they look great . My only hitch as an online buyer is that you HAVE TO KNOW WHAT SIZE they are . It 's tough to buy these watches without knowing their size . The small , for example , is really small . It fits my wrists which are about 51/2 to 6 inches around .
 My wife really likes this watch . I purchased it at a very reasonable price and received it in a timely fashion . I really like the quality of the Swiss Army watches . I am thinking of purchasing one for myself .
 great everyday watch . perfect size and shape . nice heavy linked bracelet with matte finish . runs beautifully . I get lots of compliments on this watch .
 I have for some 20 years collected various mens ' watches . From rare 1911 Smiths to Swatches.The majority of my collection is now Seiko - simply because they offer a blinding array of styles across a broad budget . My favourites have to be the Automatics . For their simplicity , never needing to be opened apart from servicing every few years . Also for their ruggedness and longevity -LRB- especially the 5 series watches - one of these went through an horrendous motor racing crash with me , caught on fire with me and the damned thing was working fine whilst I was a wreck for years -RRB- ! Of all of these Seiko automatics though , this is my favourite - the colour so vivid , unique and easy to read - the timekeeping impeccable at about + 5 seconds a day and the chunky loose fit feel of the gorgeous for any price bracelet.Buy one and see it outlast other watches , cars , homes even loved ones -LRB- I still have my father 's 1960s Seiko 5 auto -LRB- the root of my obsession perhaps -RRB- that keeps to within + / - 10 seconds per day and has NEVER been opened !!!!
 Bought this watch for my wife who has trouble with watches dying on her . This is her second Victronix watch as the first one died after 5 years of daily use including swimming . Not bad for a $ 100 watch ! This was the only gold Victronix watch I could find . My only issue is that it did not come with date feature . Great shipping , easy deal with Amazon .
 A great buy ... stylish and classy and very durable , perfect both for the office and for after work events , I will definitely be purchasing more KC watches in the future !!
 This is the perfect little jewelry box . I like the pocket in the lid and I put bracelets in the little top set of drawers . The built in token lock is a nice touch , though I have n't used it yet . I filled up this jewelry box surprisingly quickly but it 's a perfect travel size . I would maybe consider either this design or the similar design that also has the two side sections that open up with the ability to hang necklaces in them if you have a lot of necklaces . I liked the versatility of this version and the compact design . I even use the mini travel case -LRB- which also can be storied in the top layer , center , more than I ever thought I would -RRB- .
 one of my best purchases ... plenty of room ... nice leather and luxurious inside ... little travel box is nice too ...
 This was purchased as a Christmas gift for my daughter and she loved it . Very well made and useful on her dresser or for traveling .
 I purchased this as a christmas present for my fiance , and it turned out really well . There was lots of room for earrings and rings , and the drawers were able to fit her necklaces snugly . The travel case is excellent and holds the perfect amount of jewelry for a small vacation.The one complaint she had with the product was that the front panel has to be flipped down for the box to be opened . It 's just a questionable design choice , but makes sense due to the locking flap on the front.Overall though , this is a solid box and I would recommend this to anyone with a small jewelry collection .
 I am very happy with the jewelry box . Nice quality , right size and good looking .
 This jewelry box is great ! I love the quilted stiching on the fabric lining which makes all my jewelry look so expensive . The box is well made , has a lot of space , and is fairly priced . I say fairly priced because I previously purchased a Wolf Designs jewelry box for $ 200 and returned it because it was made so cheaply and literally falling apart . I doubted the Tech Swiss jewelry box because I have never heard of the brand , but now that I have received it and put all my jewelry into it , I think this Tech Swiss jewelry box is so much better than the Wolf Designs box ! Definitely a great jewelry box !
 Finding one container for six men 's watches and ten pairs of cufflinks with room to spare for assorted pens , money clips , key chains -LRB- et cetera -RRB- was no easy task . Either too much space was allotted to one particular item -LRB- watches , for example -RRB- or too little space -LRB- or no space at all -RRB- . The field seemed specialized . The few boxes meeting my needs for a combination largely had partially transparent -LRB- glass or acrylic -RRB- lids ; a display of my jewelry was not something I sought . I wanted , however , to be able to open the container and take a look at my `` worldly possessions '' now and then without feeling I was obsessed with exhibiting them . This particular chest met all my needs and at an affordable price . Unobtrusively handsome , well detailed , more than adequately outfitted with a number of sliding drawers and fixed compartments ... I am very satisfied with the box itself and the entire transaction .
 I got these for my two young daughters for Christmas and they both loved them . Very high quality leather exterior and good hinges and drawers .
 My wife love her Jewelry . She has lots of it , here there everywhere . Who 's fault is it when something goes missing ? Yep mine ! So this year was time for a storage place not a new necklace . Looked all over but found nothing I liked . Went online here to Amazon and searched through what was here and found this . Looked kinda like the one my Mother had so I took a chance . Showed up in two days . Two day on the super saver free shipping ! Opened the box and was very pleased . Wraped it up and hoped for the best . Wife opened and was very excited and happy . Thanks Amazon .
 It arrived very well packaged and looks exactly like what I thought it would . The leather is very fine quality .
 I will give this box as a present so I do n't know how it will perform . I checked it when it came and overall impression was good . I will update if something occurs .
 I was first off impressed by the size -LRB- lg -RRB- . I love the real leather smell . Seems well made and sturdy .
 even though I was expecting something bigger , this box is nice and you can organize your personal jewelry , too small for business purposes . I 'm not sure is genuine leather
 If I could purchase every last one of these jewelry boxes I would ; they 're just that great ! PERFECT GIFT FOR ANYONE WITH TASTE !
 this was exactly what i needed . A little pricy but worth it . Does the job for the jewerly if you DONT have a huge bulky collection . Nice for alot of smaller pieces . happy with my purchase .
 JEWELRY BOX WAS BRAND NEW HOWEVER , THE LATCH ON THE FRONT IN QUITE FLIMSY AND I DOUBT ANYONE WOULD ACTUALLY USE IT CONSIDERING ALL IT WOULD TAKE TO PRY IT OPEN WOULD BE A SCREWDRIVER . SHIPPING WAS ABOUT AVERAGE AND TOOK ABOUT 5 DAYS . CONSIDERING THE BULK OF THE PACKAGE I AM NOT COMPLAINING , ESPECIALLY SINCE IT CAME UNDAMAGED AND IN MINT CONDITION . MUST SAY I DO LIKE THE LEATHER AND WIL BE VERY HAPPY WHEN MY GIRLFRIEND OPENS HER GIFT . THANK YOU , I LOOK FORWARD TO DOING BUSINESS WITH YOU AGAIN . OVERALL I WOULD GIVE THIS SELLER A SOLID
 Love this jewelry box . Plenty of space to put things and they stayed organized , which for me is a bonus !
 Large enough to fit over 25 rings , customizable area for earrings , and a travel case!Nice heavy duty build . It 's durable , classy on the inside and outside , and has so much organization that I was able to fit ALL of my jewelry in it . The ring space is large enough for many rings . The mirror is small and I have no use for it , but it 's nice to have . The travel case is small but has separate compartments inside it so your stuff does n't get tangled . Next to the travel case is an area for earrings . This is more a spot for small stuff , not your dangly earrings . Mine do n't generally fit in this spot , so I had to use one of the bottom drawers for my hoops and danglies.There is no place for all of your necklaces . I suggest buying a nice necklace case separate from this . You can fit 3 or 4 comfortably without getting them tangled up , but I rather was able to fit about 15 bracelets inside mine , since I have a diff . place for necklaces.The pouch at the top is nice for spare earring backs , broken jewelry , etc etc. . . All in all , I love the durability and nice look , but I honestly think it is overpriced . Who needs a leather case ? I would take any outer casing , but this one had the best choice for customization and organization .
 I love this jewelry box . It 's so cool and fits all my jewelry . I love how it 's easy to open and the cute little travel box inside is very handy . It 's so nice to have all my jewelry in one place now and not in 3-4 different little boxes . I highly recommend this product .
 Perfect for storing and organizing a small but valuable jewelry collection safely . The box is very sturdy and much heavier than you 'd expect -LRB- must be made out of real wood -RRB- . I think the black leather -LRB- the real stuff -RRB- looks classy and sleek next to the soft quilted fabric inside . It 's not a `` cheapo '' box . I looked at every leather and wood jewelry box in the $ 75 to 250 price range on Amazon before choosing this . This one had the most usefully designed spaces for me . Now I feel my small collection is safe , organized so I can see everything at once , and mobile in case of an emergency.The divided watch drawer is perfect for bracelets , watches , and necklaces . LOVE it ! The ring rolls are great for my rings and gold hoop earrings . Minor problems -LRB- and why I gave it 4 stars not 5 -RRB- are that I wish one of smaller drawers was divided into small compartments to separate delicate chains and small items . Also , I do n't have a lot of studs , so I think there are too many stud holders on top . It 's designed so you ca n't fit any other kinds of small hoops or dangle earrings into the holes -- I may modify them myself to hold these . But still , no other box came close to this one in how well the space was designed . If you have a lot of big earrings or a monstrous collection , this box wo n't work for you though.Overall , I am VERY impressed with the quality of this box , the classy look , and design of the storage space !!!
 I bought this for my wife to replace her scratched up/dented wood jewelry box . Although the listing has dimensions listed , it certainly is not as big as the wooden one I got my wife years ago . However , even though it is about 20 % smaller in volume , it holds just as much . I looked at the design and see than this box uses the interior space very efficiently . It would have been nice to have a bit more space to hold more necklaces . The outside looks classy and my wife really likes it , as do I. For an affordable price , I know the backing of the leather is probably chipboard . I am partially correct , the drawers and the door do not look like they are chipboard and seems to be able to hold up normal usage . The front flap is leather on chipboard which would not be able to take any abuse . However , for a box that organizes well and look so nice with a good price , I would buy this again . Just hope they have a larger one .
 In general , I 'm very happy with this watch . I 've been wearing digital wristwatches for almost 30 years , since I was 10 years old , and I 'm a fanatic about keeping accurate time , so when it came time to replace my latest Casio databank , I was happy to see the large selection of atomic watches available from Casio . I 've been wearing Casio databank watches for almost 20 years , but they 're absolutely hideous watches due to the keypad on them . Now that I carry a cell phone with me , my favorite features in the databank watch are now unnecessary , so I decided to get something that looks nice with an analog face , but does n't sacrifice digital accuracy and features.One of the concerns I had with buying this watch was regarding the case size , because I have a small wrist -LRB- 6.5 inch circumference -RRB- and big watches can look strange on it . The watch case is 0.44 inches thick and 1.75 inches wide measured tip-to-tip at the widest point . -RRB- After adjusting the band and putting it on though , I have to say that although it 's a little big and bulky , I 'm still happy with how it looks.I wish it had a true countdown timer though . I used to use the countdown timer on my previous watch all the time . I usually kept it set for 30 minutes , and could engage it easily with a few button pushes . Instead of a true countdown timer , this watch has a `` target '' alarm , which is one of the 5 different alarms on this watch . Instead of setting it to countdown from 30 minutes -LRB- or 20 minutes or 15 or whatever -RRB- , you need to do some math in your head first . For example , if you want the watch to countdown 15 minutes , and the current time is 4:23 , you need to set the target alarm for 4:38 , and then the display will countdown 15 minutes until the alarm goes off . After you tell the target alarm to stop beeping , the target alarm remains set as a daily alarm , so it starts counting down 24 hours until the next time it will sound , unless you tell it to stop counting.This watch does have a stopwatch though , with all the standard stopwatch features you find on digital watches . In some instances , I can use the stopwatch in lieu of a countdown timer it I periodically monitor the time on the stopwatch.It also has 3 other `` normal '' daily alarms you can set , and a `` snooze '' alarm that will sound every 5 minutes until you tell it you 're done snoozing . -LRB- A nice feature , I guess , but I have n't had an occasion to use it yet . -RRB- Another nice feature is the `` Date Alert '' . You can set 5 independent date alerts , for dates when you need to remember to do something -LRB- pay property taxes , go to dentist , wife 's birthday , etc -RRB- , and the date display will blink for 24 hours to remind you that you 've reached that date . It does n't have a memo to remind you specifically WHY that date is important , but at least it 's enough to remind you to check your calendar.Another interesting feature is something they call a `` Time Recorder '' . If you want to make a note of the current date and time , you can push a couple buttons and it will store the current date and time in the watch 's memory . You can record 30 independent sets of date and time . Then it starts to push out the old recordings -LRB- first in , first out -RRB- after you start recording more . You could optionally clear the whole memory too if you want . This watch is still new to me , so I have n't quite figured out a practical application for the time recorder feature . I guess it 's nice to have if you have a reason to jot down a bunch of dates and times . That 's not something I do a lot of though.The radio-controlled atomic timekeeping works like a charm . I live in the Silicon Valley in California , which is at least 1000 miles from Fort Collins , and the watch has no trouble automatically synchronizing at night . They recommend sitting the watch on the windowsill if you live too far from Fort Collins , but I just rest in on my desk against the far wall from the window , and it works just fine . When it first arrived in the mail , the system information indicated that it synchronized the night before while it was in transit too , so although it was set for the wrong time zone , the time was accurate to the second . The first thing I did was set the watch to the correct time zone . It 's pretty cool watching the analog hands whirl around to the correct time after pressing the set button on the time zone . I 'm looking forward to daylight savings time in March to see the hands adjust themselves automatically again . -LRB- Yes , I 'm a big nerd . -RRB- The digital window embedded in the face of the watch has 2 lines of digital data . It can be set to 1 of 3 optional displays when in timekeeping mode :1 -RRB- Month - DateDay of Week2 -RRB- Hour
 I purchase this for my husband . He can not wear metal bands and leather does n't usually last very long . He loves the watch ! He said it is dependable , comfortable and seems to be long-wearing . He has a very expensive watch that he ca n't keep a band on it and he said this one was more serviceable or comfortable than his expensive watch . He is very please , therefore , I am pleased too .
 I 've ordered several of this model over the years , and found it to be reliable and well constructed . It 's handy to replace a watch with the same model -LRB- if you like it -RRB- , for you already know all the complex functions a watch like this has.You wo n't be disappointed !
 I like everything except for the cheap `` plastic '' crystal . It scratches way too easy .
 This watch is gorgeous , cool , hoht ... and everything in between !! I love it ! My sister was here when i opened it , and she said how unique it is . Purple is my favorite color . This watch is big and bold , for sure , but still feminine and beautiful , in my opinion .
 I would like to say I am very pleased with the watch I purchased for a Christmas gift . I received it in time for Christmas and he very pleased and loves the watch . I do not think I could of had purchased a better gift . Thanks to the Amazon and Watchvalues .
 My son absolutely loved the watch . It looks and works great !
 The finish on this watch box was much nicer then we thought it would be considering the price we paid for it.The watch pillows are very sturdy and the box is well put together.This watch box is for smaller watches only . 42mm and smaller . If you are into collecting larger watches this is not the box for you . We use it for our mid size and ladies watches only.Well worth the money .
 I have several watch boxes and winders built by Tech + Swiss . Their craftsmanship is unparalleled ... truly marvelous fit and finish . As my collection has grown , I needed another 20-watch box . Rather than buy one exactly like my others , I purchased this one because it was clearance priced at only forty bucks ... for something that retails for more than four times that.As pointed out by another reviewer , these watch slots are really for 42mm or smaller watches . But I have quite a few watches that fall into this category and this makes a wonderful case for them . It also is great for larger rectangular watches , as they will fit into these compartments quite well , too.If it becomes available at anything less than 60 bucks and you do not have a lot of really big , 45mm + watches , buy this case . It is so beautiful , you will want it out where everyone can see it .
 No flaws in workmanship . High quality materials used and each compartment has soft lining and individual display pillows.This can be displayed on any dresser or armoire as a fine quality case like a jewelry chest . Compartments could be a little wider to accomodate large dial divers watches or Chronographs , but that is just being picky.I am pleased with this product and recommend it to any watch collector .
 I was hopeful when I ordered the watch box that it would be something I could be proud to display . I have a wood shop and make some furniture items but was attracted to this because it looked like something I would make , but was less than I would spend on the wood ; never mind the labor and hardware involved . I was greatly surprised when I open the box and saw the chest in person for the first time ! It is simply beautiful and the artisanship reflects the detail put into the case . Now I am only sorry that I did not build the case myself . I would be proud to give this as a gift to any of my friends .
 very nice wood and construction , and the fact that the bottom does not lock is fine with me . my only problem is the pillows , they are very stiff and not pliable like most soft , pillows for watch boxes , hence it is a pain to swap out the watches . except for that , it would have rated 5 stars . still kept and like it in spite of the pillows .
 This watch box storage chest is a beauty and it meets all my expectations except for one
 To look at this box is beautiful . Pretty well made . It needs a lock for the bottom drawer and a pocket in the lid for watch manuals . Apart from that it is a good functional box . It took all my wider watches as well which I liked .
 I bought this for my husband 's watch collection and was very happy with the box when I saw it . I thought the finish was beautiful and seems to be well made . It accommodates his collection very well .
 This product was nicely finished , I gave it as a gift to my son in law who is very picky but really enjoyed the box .
 I purchased this item for my other half as a gift . The Burlwood is so beautiful and the trim compliments the box so well . I could n't be happier with this purchase . Highly recommend !!
 I ordered this off Amazon and my brother carried it back to India for us . My husband is very happy , that he finally has a box to keep his watches neatly without the danger of scratching.The finish is very neat and it can even be left out on a dressing table or side table as it looks very classy and does not need to be hidden away inside a cupboard.The lock is not v ery strong and seems to be for mostly decorative purposes . Only the top half gets locked , the bottom drawer ca n't be locked .
 It complemented my other cases very well . Nice finish , well made.Not for big over sized watches , just normal , -LRB- human size -RRB- , pieces.Highly recommended .
 I got this for my husband , for his birthday . He LOVED it ! We have had no problems with it . It fit most of his watches -LRB- my husband is a big watch colector -RRB- . The top locks , but the bottom does not . That is the only draw back . We wish the whole thing locked . But it is VERY pretty !
 It is beautiful . It is well made and and will organize my watches well . I love the wood it is made of .
 I bought this for Father 's Day present for my husband and he loved it . The quality was awesome . If I had to improve on anything it would be to lock the bottom drawer also . All of his watches fit beautifully .
 i gave it to my husband for his birthday and he was delighted . good and sturdy . liked having the drawer
 I was very pleased with the quality of this box . Very nice looking.Plenty of storage space . A great value . I had been looking for a box of this type and actually ordered one only to find out it was back ordered . I never did hear anything else from the company . This was sent promptly .
 Looks beautiful and pampers watches , keeps them dust free and well organized .
 This was the perfect gift for my wife . Great way to organize and store her watches . One Christmas present that did n't have to go back .
 I bought this overseas in 2001 . It keeps time perfectly and is such an elegant piece I do n't wear anything else . It 's taken me this long to even begin considering buying anything else . The design , function and execution are superb . It is a little susceptible to scratches - the gold is the softer 18 kt.Just be certain that you buy it from an authorized dealer .
 I trust Fossil for their great reputation and producing such beautiful designs . The price was unbelievable , so I would have been foolish to pass up this particular watch . Great for play or great for dressing up ; very versatile . Rock the Fossil ...
 Recently bought this watch for my wife , she loves it ! Great product and was delivered sooner than I thought .
 Sturdy , stylish and inexpensive . Of all the not-too-expensive fashion watch brands out there -LRB- Swatch , etc. -RRB- , Fossil is by far the most reliable and produces the highest quality products.I love this watch and feel like it is a great deal for the money .
 This is a really nice watch , nice and simple . The band is not too thick nor too thin . Ive had this watch for a few months and its working like a champ !
 Use watch everyday on job in the outdoors . Very durable and stylish . Have gotten many compliments .
 I ca n't seem to satisfy my desire for Fossil watches . I especially love this one as it is just the right size , I love the shape of the watch itself and it 's overall sporty yet classic look . Completely satisfied with this purchase .
 I love the look of this watch . It is very chic . I have had this watch for about two weeks now . It wears well , just the white is starting to look dull now , which is why I only gave it 5 stars . I love the animation ... another great watch by fossil .
 I recently bought this as a gift for a 10 year old and it was prettier than it looked in the pictures . I 'm sure that she will love it ; the wave animation gives a beautiful touch to the watch . It also comes in the fossil case that makes it easier to give it as a gift .
 I just got this watch for Christmas and I LOVE IT !!! I even wore it the next day ! Thank you Jaime and Alika for getting it for me ... `` Gee , how 'd you know ?!? '' Thanks again , and I hope you both enjoyed your 2004 holiday season . All my best to you both and your families in 2005 . Aloha !!!
 Saw this at a store and loved the color and style . Amazon had at a great price and in new condition . I love this watch !!
 I purchased this watch hoping that it was unisex size . I know it said `` WOMANS '' but after reading the review I thougt maybe it was the unisex size that is slightly smaller than the mans and bigger than the womans.I have had a problem finding the specifications , so that I would know the actual size.This is in no way a mans watch besides the blue , if that is manly to you.It is a very delicate pretty watch . I am sending it back because I purchased it for my husband . I thought about keeping it but I do n't wear a watch .
 I just wanted to address the concern from the previous review about this possibly being a man 's watch . I purchased this exact watch from Amazon . Not only is it not a man 's watch , it is not bulky in any way and is perfectly feminine -LRB- much more so than a lot of Fossil 's other women 's watches -RRB- . If you like the way this looks , do n't let a fear of its size deter you .
 Sleek , simple , modern design with an unusual royal blue face accented by a diamond and metal points . Stands out as different , has been durable thus far and I wear my watches 24/7 through workouts and showers .
 Nice and simple watch . Casual and you can wear it with everything you want - it suit good .
 I am very pleased with the watch and it came as expected . This is a very nice watch and excellent price from Amazon
 The watch arrived on time and we are very happy with it . The price we paid was almost $ 2500 less than at Cartier 's in SF .
 Great watch and good delivery service but some confusion about the $ 79 shipping gimick , want to make sure I am not charged for that at some later date if I do n't cancel .
 bought from Amazon as they provide me the excellent service from asking payment question to delivery , reached me just in 2 days by UPS , and the price is 100 % unbelievable lower than Cartier shop , at start I am afraid thisi is a fake watch or something , I also bought other 3 Cartier Watches from here , so I took them all to HK Cartier to proof the genuineness , and crew told me they are all 100 % authentic , now I am so happy to wear them everyday I go to work !!
 I was expecting this watch to be a little more chunky than it is . It is a little smaller than I pictured , but it is a nice , non flashy watch . I have n't received any compliments on it after wearing it for a few weeks , so if you are looking for a subtle , but cute watch , this is for you . BUt if you want a watch that makes a statment and that people will notice , I 'd look elsewhere .
 Love my watch . I ca n't have the metal touch my skin . This was perfect and so pretty , too .
 I have a very small wrist . Usually the bands are too big and slide around on my arm . This one is not only beautiful but it fits !
 This is a great watch-it looks very nice on , even on a smaller wrist . The face of the watch is not as flat a pink as it looks in the picture . It is more of a mother of pearl pink-I was pleasantly surprised . Overall , I am very pleased with my purchase .
 This watch is awesome . The changing numbers that make this a very unique watch . This watch is a perfect example of the creative styles that Fossil is known for . I would recommend it to anyone . Got one for hubby & he loves it .
 It is a bit heavy , but it is all stainless , nothing to decay , break or corrode .
 I got this as an anniversary gift for my boyfriend - he loved it . Speedy shipping , perfect Fossil quality .
 This watch is banging ! I originally bought it for the awesome cuff , intending to replace the face -LRB- digital seemed so grade-school for me ! -RRB- I cut a fair amount of the band off -LRB- as I am a chick , and have tiny wrists -RRB- and made a few new holes , and BAM - perfect fit ! If I were to lose this second , I 'd buy another one just like it . Period . This is MY watch , this is me !
 a great watch with a loud alarm -LRB- why I needed digital over analog -RRB- . but , the plastic faceplate has a nice scratch on it after less than a week , so that sucks . but still a great digital watch .
 This is a great watch for the price ! I needed a watch for when I get dressed up ... which is n't too often so I did n't want to spend a lot of money . I 've been very happy with this watch .
 I like having the strap color options and they are easy to change . The metal strap needed some tweeking with pliers to get it to fall right , but now it 's fine .
 I have had this watch since the summer of 2007 and it is good cheap fun , very comfy on the wrist , I have had it underwater many times with no problems . Good backlight , really fun retro look , a real conversation peice .
 I bought this for my husband 's birthday , and he really , really likes it . He says the watch band is comfortable enough that he sleeps with it on , and during the day , he hardly notices he 's wearing it . Very durable , and easy to read digital numbers.He highly recommends this watch ! A well worth it purchase .
 This is a very practical sports watch . It is designed to be functional , not stylish . The big display is easy to read in a wide variety of outdoor conditions and is not cluttered by features that you never use . The stopwatch -LRB- with 100 lap memory -RRB- is very practical for running laps or races . The big buttons are easy to use when your fingers are cold or wet and they are labeled to help you figure them out quickly . Two separate clocks let you easily switch back and forth between timezones when you 're traveling . The rubber watch band is comfortable and durable . My only complaint is that the case is somewhat thicker than some of the newer Timex sports watches .
 Over all I would give this product a good score . What i did not like was the size , the watch would not fit under my long sleeve dress shirts if i buttoned the wrist button on my sleeve . Also the silver pant surrounding the crystal scratches really easily and looks horrible , I ended up scratching all the pant off to make it look good again . The functions are great , the screen is clear , and over all its a comfortable watch
 This watch has everything I was looking for . It is very comfortable and I wear it everyday for work . I like the styling Oakley offers as I also have Oakley sunglasses . The quality so far seems to be perfect !
 I highly recommend this Oakley D1 watch . I bought it for my boyfriend and he absolutely loves it . It has super nice quality and looks very very sporty . Best of all , it 's OAKLEY merchandise . Got ta love the brand.Even though we paid $ 180 retail at the Oakley Store , he thinks it is worth every penny . If you can get it for under $ 180 , you 've got a bargain ! Highly recommended !
 I love watches . I also love technology . And , I love good design . It is rare to see a marriage of all three . Oakley d1 is a love child of this marriage . Got this as a gift a little while back and absolutely love it ! The heart of the D1 , and perhaps the best reason to own it , is the chronograph -LRB- stopwatch -RRB- function . I 'm so picky about stopwatches for running and swimming ; I never found one I really liked until the D1 . This thing is as close to perfect as something can be.It has a lot of features , but the best one - simplicity of use . I 'm sure you 've owned a sports watch in the past where you knew it had a bunch of `` bells and whistles '' , but you were never able to fully explore it 's potential because of hard to understand instructions . Not this one . The functions of the watch are streamlined , easy to understand and elegant . It gives you the information you need at a fast glance with no confusion , and information is well formatted and easy to recover . Everything you need , nothing you do n't . If you can get this thing for lower than retail , go for it , you 'll never regret it
 This is my third Wenger - the first was the `` Wenger standard issue '' watch I bought ten years ago and despite tons of use and a few new batteries is still ticking superbly - the second diver watch I gave to my brother for Christmas two years ago - and this one I just bought somewhat on a whim . I also have an ESQ dress watch.The Commando arrived in four days in perfect condition . The case is beefy stainless steel -- aka imagine 3-4 Kennedy 50-cent pices stacked on top of the other . The leather band is also beefier than the photo shows . It took a few days to curve around my wrist , and is now very comfy - Wenger bands are wonderful . But the watch 's best attribute is its cool factor.The face has bold markings - making it the easiest of those I own to read without glasses , as well as in poor light . The black/white/red face is sleek , and despite the complexity of the dial , it 's well laid out and easy to discern . The crystal has a magnifying quality , which helps readability as well.No scratches yet , but I 've only had it two weeks.I 've not gotten it wet , and try to avoid doing so despite the claim of water resistance.Mostly , it 's just a cool looking watch , like none I 've ever owned , and I think it 's a great addition to my -LRB- small -RRB- watch collection . Unbeatable quality for the price .
 I picked up this watch a little over 6 months ago . I 'm very happy with it.Pros : Looks good enough for some dress , but still `` sporty `` Clean timeless design , high contrast face is very easy to readDurableNot to heavyFace fits great on med/small wrists -LRB- I 'm not a fan of supersize watches -RRB- Keeps accurate time -LRB- should n't all quartz movements ? -RRB- High quality leather bandCons : A bit thicker than I anticipated , just enough to interfere w / some dress shirts , but really not a problem -LRB- you might even like it -RRB- mineral , not sapphire crystalnot a perpetual date -LRB- now I 'm just nit-picking -RRB- night time luminesce is o.k. -LRB- I 'm a big fan of H3 tritium types -RRB- I 'm sorta-hard on stuff and this watch has held up quite well . The glass has a few small scratches , considering the lack of a bezel or other guard this is great . The chrono function is accurate enough for anything I 'm worried about . I feel comfortable wearing it w / anything from work wear to a suit . Wenger is a quality brand , not just another swiss start up . Not so sure I 'd pay $ 300 + but well worth $ 200
 I have gone through so many watches . Before I got this watch I did not have one because I am so rough on them . I have had this watch for a little over a year . The band is just wearing out . One of the straps has broken , but you can order new straps for $ 20 or $ 25 depending on if you want leather or nylon . I had the leather , but I am going to try the nylon . This is a 3 Chrono watch , but I have yet to learn how to really use the 3 dials . I plan on learning how to use them , but unless you really need a Tachymeter just get one without the Chrono dials . I find the 3 adjustments are a little hard to use , but everything seems to work as it is supposed to work . The face of the watch does resist scratches . I have a few , but like I said my watch sees plenty of time in the woods fishing and hiking . I would suggest you take the watch off in the shower even though it is water resistant to 100M because after a year of showers my band is dry and brittle and the one strap is broken . If one strap breaks you have to get another one because you will lose the watch eventually or damage it . It has fallen off my arm several times and lucky for me I have found it every time . The watch keeps very accurate time , but I usually keep my watch a few minutes ahead on purpose . Overall , great watch , probably not worth $ 300 , so look for one at Costco or the big box stores . I would recommend it though . The watch is very stylish and works as both a dress up watch and a casual every day watch .
 This was my first Wenger watch , and I found it amazing . It is very light weight , way lighter then one of my usual watches . Sometimes I even forget to take it off when I go to sleep , it feels like a part of my body . The hands are very easy to read and the whole design is very stylish and well thought out . There are dots a little above the numbers that are made of a material that shines in low light , and since parts of the hands are also of the same material , it is readable in almost pitch dark . A few criticisms that I have on this watch are
 I have had this watch for almost two years now . It is a great watch , and an excellent value . Of course I paid about 1/3 the current price from one of Amazon 's partners .
 This watch was purchased as a gift . Love the watch but paid way too much for it here . I bought the same watch at Costco and paid half what I paid here :--LRB- As I said , it was a gift and I could not find this particular watch anywhere else , including Costco , so had no choice but to purchase here .
 I have a company in Europe , as well as the US . This watch keeps me on both time zones without having two seperate faces . Very pleased with the way it works and functions .
 Is it a genuine watch , because both small dials should have the same size . I googled a lot and went on wenger 's website -LSB- ... -RSB- they should be the same , but in the picture posted by this seller they are different . I was going to buy this watch but now i am kinda sitting on a fence . could you please comment .
 This is my first Wenger brand watch and currently I am very happy that I own this timepiece . I became interested in this watch from admiring my grandfather 's watches that were passed on to me a few years back . He had a classic `` Ever Swiss '' gold watch with the marking of `` Swiss Made '' toward the bottom of the watch face . I researched Swiss made watches and was intrigued how the Swiss movement is revered . My grandfather , he was a great man and had great taste and respect for precision in timekeeping . I bought this watch from JC Penney on sale , -LRB- very lucky to have found it at a great price -RRB- . Swiss precision and a unique chrono look was the draw for me on purchasing this timepiece . I work in the outdoors -LRB- in the field -RRB- all day and it is a great watch to reference time during a long work day , but it is also nice enough to wear with casual or formal attire . The watch features an hour and minute hand with no second counter for the central display , but the second counter is displayed at the 3 o'clock position -LRB- smaller dial -RRB- . A second time zone -LRB- larger dial -RRB- is displayed at the 9 o'clock position and is great if you work in multiple time zones or have a special family member that respects that you are aware of their precious time as well your own . The strap is a classic look of black leather and white stitching and is large enough to fit most men 's wrist with no trouble . At night luminescent central hands and number reference -LRB- dots on the outside of each number -RRB- will only last for a short time , -LRB- 15-25 Min -RRB- , after exposure to a decent light source . The casing is polished steel and the mineral crystal has an appearance of retro styling . The watch was very easy to set and gets a lot of looks and comments -LRB- the good kind -RRB- . I have given this watch a 5 because it 's a first `` swiss made '' , but I will stop back again to give an extended use review . Good Luck ... hope this helps .
 I purchased this watch because I needed a `` big-date '' display and , having owned a Wenger in the past , I 'm familiar with their reliability . I 'm happy with this product so far , but I will point out a couple of faults with the design , IMHO.As another reviewer stated , the watch case is thick . Looking at it from the side , it 's akin to a miniature saute pan . The second `` fault '' sort of magnifies the first
 In my opinion the watch design is ideal for encompassing a 2nd time zone inside of a standard round watch face -LRB- 40mm -RRB- . The design makes it easy to read and set the 2nd time zone . The 2nd time zone pusher is a little hard to push when setting the time and the hands move rapidly . It is easy to overshoot.I found the watch a little thick and the mineral glass window has a bubble effect when looking at the watch at an extreme sideways angle . No problems for most viewing angles . The main hands glow in the dark ; but , I found the illumination pretty weak . Otherwise it is a good looking watch for dual time zone use .
 This product has a good weight , nice fit over the wrists . As soon as i took it out of the box and shook it a few times , the watch went to the correct time . Nice gift box included . Overall good product . Plus the watch clor and design compliment my wedding band . etra plus .
 this watch has everything anyone could want in a watch . first , perfect timekeeping and you never have to change a battery.second , perpetual calander , the date will always be correct until the year 2099 plus there ia a dial which shows the month , and a dial that shows the hours of the day from 1 to 24 , plus it shows when your in a leap year , incredible . third , this watch lays on your wrist extremly comfortably . fourth , the looks , this watch is pure class , i keep getting compliment after complrment . seiko also makes the snp008 with the exact same features , i own the snp004 and also own the snp008 , my snp004 has a classier look , a more refined look and the gold accents on the face and band , have true yellow gold color . on the snp008 the yellow gold looks gawdy . to sum up my snp004 , handsome , classy , looks like it costs three times the price.this is the one watch you will want to wear every day .
 Over a year of wearing my watch pretty much 24/7 and this band remains intact . The plastic has hardened over time and become rather brittle . From experience with similar bands , I can say that it would probably break if I tried to bend it any significant amount . However , this does n't really impact my ability to use the band . I would n't recommend this band for someone who tends to frequently take off their watch , as I suspect it would eventually break -LRB- and it will no longer lie flat -RRB- .
 Bought this for my Timex Ironman Triathlon watch mainly used for jogging/running . It works fine as a replacement strap . Not as thick as I was hoping , rather thin which makes the watch look bulkier on my wrist .
 I agree that the material is flimsy and very lightweight . Think about silicone cellphone cases as comparison . This can be a bad or good trait depending on your use . For me , I broke my other band long ago and wanted to use my Casio sports watch again for outdoor water activities . Having something lightweight on my wrist was ideal . When strapped on , the band feels very comfortable . I ca n't vouch for durability yet , but I do n't think it will stay flexible for too long . But at this price , it 's a good buy in my opinion , and besides it includes the spring bars to attach to the watch unlike some other bands . To see if 19mm is right for you , measure with a ruler the inside part between where the springs bars would go . In inches , 19mm is .748 , or very close to 3/4 inch . Hope this helps , goodluck !
 i have a freestyle watch that came with a thick , sturdy band that was attractive and added to the overall look of the watch -LRB- which i love -RRB- . unfortunately , i wore out the band and they no longer make this watch style which i was n't ready to give up yet . for the price alone and the fact that it really does work , i would have given it 5 stars BUT , it 's boring , thin and feels cheap and that 's why i only gave it 3 stars . BTW-it came with new pins.i am glad i am able to still wear my watch until i find a suitable replacement . i guess that 's all you can ask for from a replacement band.UPDATE
 I bought 2 of these bands from Amazon because the original did not last much more than a year.Mind you I am hard on them ! -LRB- By the way the original was not from Amazon , it was just as supplied by Casio -RRB- . So far the band seems good and I was pleased that it was supplied with spare pins -LRB- because I needed them -RRB- . The only thing that was n't quite right was the that the width of the band was a tight fit through the buckle , but I fixed it pretty easily by just trimming about half a millimeter off with a sharp knife .
 I 've had this for a few days so far . Fairly easy to install , seems about as durable as the original Casio strap -LRB- i.e. it should last for a few years and then break , just as all my Casio straps have -RRB- . It 's a good match for the Casio watch . Good thing it came with spring bars , since this watch has solid non-spring bars . One oddity - the strap is slightly wider than the inside of the buckle , so it 's a bit hard to pull through .
 The fit on my Casio dual time watch had one of the bands break and after rigging it for a while it was time for and replacement but on the economy side of the wallet and for the price this was it . We 'll see how long this will last .
 The band was easy to install , and works just fine . Great value for the money , I bought two because they do wear out -LRB- become brittle , crack -RRB- in a year or so , but at the price I have no problem with that .
 The strap was fairly simple to install . It replaced the original strap on an inexpensive but reliable Casio watch , so I did n't want to spend more than the watch was worth . The strap is nothing fancy but it fits nicely . Actually , it 's a bit snug on one side and squeaks a bit but I can shave off a small piece if I find it too annoying .
 You get what you pay for . Did not fit my watch like it claims , however you get what you pay for .
 It is very similar to the original band that came with the watch and is a decent quality . Very interchangable with my Casio watch and a good replacement for the money .
 A little flemsy , but the strap is as described . Good value for what you pay for the strap . I recommend the product .
 A fine product . Fit my watch . Slipped right on . Now , let 's see how long it holds up . These rubber watch bands seem to come apart after a couple of years ...
 I ordered three -LRB- 3 -RRB- Voguestrap TX1951 watchbands and they were delivered on time as promised . I was now able to refurbish Casio watches some of those watches were originally purchased 1983 through 1990 and new batteries brought them back to life . I was limited to only 3 wristbands so a just ordered one more TX1951 with an order of two more watches and I am looking forward to receiving this shipment which I know will arrive here on time . Thanks !
 Does n't slip through the clasp very well but other it great . Looks great and is very pliable . Attaches very easily .
 A watchband that adjusts nicely . And it is waterproof and sleek design . Would buy another if I needed one . What more can one ask for ?
 I figured I was in for a new watch when the strap broke . But then I saw this , ordered it , and my Casio Databank has a new lease on life . Fits perfectly , was easy to replace the old strap .
 Agree with another reviewer that the width of the strap is exactly the same as the inside of the buckle , and because of this , the strap does not glide as freely through the buckle . But , for less than $ 4 , it is worth every penny spent .
 It is exactly what it says it is . It fit my watch and that 's what I wanted it to do !
 A good replacement for a watch band when you do n't want to spend more than 7 bucks . It is not top of the line hook part is plastic , but serves its purpose well enough . 4 stars . I am not sure if I would buy again or pay a dollar more or 2 for one with a metal hook . I will have to see how long this one lasts .
 I prefer fabric bands , but this one does the job for very little $ $ . Looks nice with the Casio sports watches it is intended for .
 Measure your watch band carefully . This one was 1mm too small but it still works as it is for a watch I use at the gym and not to concerned by it 's looks .
 I own a Casio Men 's WV58A-1AVCR Waveceptor Atomic Digital Watch -LRB- you can find it at this link
 This band is a good fit for the original Timex Triathlon -LRB- pre Ironman -RRB- watch . It comes with new spring bars and appears to be of good quality .
 Good watch ! Unique engineering for compass on watch , I like the flip out feature but the catch on it could be a little stronger . Recommend anyone who is an outdoorsman get this one . Combo watch and compass are hard to find .
 This is my third Swiss wenger watch . The first one I had wore for 10 years , had to change belt several times during the time . The second watch I had wore for one year but got stolen . This third one is also the best one . I hope I do n't lose it again .
 It is better quality than others ive tried . Its very flexible and comfortable and will fit up to a 91/2 inch wrist which is freakin huge . fits small wrists too .
 I had a Casio Illuminator Telememo 30 Model AW-80 for a few years when the band broke . I purchased this watch for under $ 20 mostly because it 's good looking and because it has a 10 year battery . I did n't want to toss it when the band broke so I took a shot and purchased this band for under $ 6 . It Fits Perfectly ! It even comes with spare spring bars if you happen to lose or misplace the originals . This band is heavy duty rubber and seems superior to the original . I expect it to outlast the original . Maybe I 'll have this watch for 10 years after all !
 I had a similar strap for my Casio Work Out watch & it lasted a number of years . I had no trouble installing this replacement strap . I like a wide band for this particular watch . However , it is wider than I thought it would be -- about 7/8 inch at its widest point .
 Watchband was exactly as described . Very high quality construction at a very reasonable price . I would recommend this to anyone that needs a large watchband .
 The band arrived within a week after I placed the order - kudos for that . This watchband is thinner than the OEM watchband . This makes the watchband a little more flexible and allows it to stretch a little more than the OEM band . These attributes make the band a little more comfortable to wear . My OEM watchband eventually cracked at the adjustment hole where I always fastened the buckle . Hopefully , this new band will last longer -LRB- and not crack -RRB- because of the material it 's made of and its increased flexibility . We 'll have to wait and see .
 I used this on a Timex Expedition , and it fits fine . The clasp was installed backward , but that was a quick fix .
 This item was supposed to be received `` second day '' ; it 's now approaching one week since I made the order and a shipping date is still not forthcoming , much less a delivery date .
 In my view , Wenger represents the best value of any watch on the market under $ 500 in terms of fabrication , movement -LRB- Swiss ETA -RRB- and materials . These watches RUN , and run accurately . This is one of 4 Wengers I own and it 's one of my favorites in a collection of more than 30 watches . I have n't tried to use the alarm so I do n't know if the sound is inadequate or not , that feature was n't a selling point for me . I ca n't imagine having an allergic reaction to a Wenger band as someone commented , they are the MOST comfortable and supple leather bands in my collection . In terms of style , fit , and reliability , this is a great watch to own .
 This is a well made , good looking watch . I like it because it has a clean and simple look . And you do n't have to read a manual to know how to use it -LRB- no lap timer , time zone dials , etc. -RRB- Just time , date and an alarm . I really like the alarm feature when travelling . And this one is simple to use as well . Minor quibbles
 This brand is good . Nice looks , good movement , at a fair price.On this particular model the alarm never worked , I do n't use the alarm , so am living with the error .
 I actually did n't buy this from Amazon , because it was out of stock at the time . I bought mine two years ago from Overstock and I love it . At the time I was giving up my digital watches for an analog because it looks more professional at work and interviews . However , I ca n't live with a watch without an alarm . I was very happy to find this watch that satisfied all my needs . It 's hard to find good analogs with alarm that does n't break the bank.I felt that the alarm volume might vary a bit from watch to watch , since I felt my alarm is pretty loud . It 's not alarm clock loud , but once you 're tuned to the beep , it could be under a piles of clothes and it would still wake me up . However , setting up the watch is a bit tricky , as the manual did n't give the most lucid explanation . The design is simple , elegant , with a warm color scheme . I love the cream white watch face and leather band . I got so many compliments for this watch . My only little complaint is that it is a tad big on the wrist of a girl like me , so I really wish they had slimmer version for women . Nonetheless , I got plenty of compliments precisely for its big-ness , so I guess my complaint it moot.I highly recommend this watch for an affordable and good quality watch , with the classical look and a modern alarm function .
 I purchased these watchbands after looking at several stores for 19mm watchbands . These watchbands are comfortable and fit right , something you ca n't always say about the watchbands you find in stores . The products came in a matter of a few days and as a result I have bought a few more watchbands as spares . Here is the link
 Has a 6A32 movement , and just catches your eye when it 's worn . Got it at under $ 300 and , besides the Japanese quartz movement and the ` Premier ' name , it has a sapphire crystal ! The steel band with the gold-plated inserts is very classy , and it 's an almost perfect everyday watch . So if you 're a guy who does n't require a leather classic tank watch -LRB- or a pricy automatic -RRB- for everyday use , this watch is it , if you can still find one at a decent price from a reputable dealer.I had my eye on a Tissot quartz movement with an art deco face at a similar price , but pulled the trigger on this watch instead , and am very happy with my choice .
 it included to pins which surprised me . the fit was a little snug but my senior hands and eyes manged ok .
 I 've been wearing this watch band for years on various watches . It is the best resin band I 've found . Keep in mind that this is not a rubber watch band and there are advantages and disadvantages . Resin bands are not as flexible as rubber , however , this one is quite flexible . Unlike my rubber watch bands , this resin band does n't pick up dust . My rubber watch bands never look clean since they constantly pick up lint and dust which always makes them look dirty.Another nice feature with this watch band is that it can be shortened somewhat with a very sharp utility knife . I have fairly small wrists and I can shorten this band quite easily by cutting of the extra -LRB- then beveling the corners -RRB- . Still looks good after cutting off the extra.I wear my field watch constantly with this strap . That means home repair , yard work , working on the car , hunting , fishing , camping ... everything . I 've never had a pin give out.This is probably the third or fourth time I 've bought this band . Do n't expect it to last forever . I replace it every 2 or 3 years . Eventually , it will get a little stiff and will get somewhat shiny -LRB- which I do n't care for . -RRB- At this price , it is worth replacing .
 I had a difficult time finding a new watchband for my Tommy Bahama watch which I like and have had for many years . I settled on the Voguestrap because of its dimensions . Although it was a bit long for my wrist -LRB- I trimmed it down -RRB- it is a satisfactory replacement . The rubber is pliable and nearly as comfortable as my old leather band . The real test will be how well it wears with time .
 Completely satisfied received the watch band promply , also appreciated the tool to remove the pins !!
 I purchased this watchband to replace the stock band on aTimex Men 's T40941 Expedition Classic Digital Chrono Alarm Timer Watch . Reference the additional pictures I uploaded.I think the watchband is of decent quality . The material itself is nylon with leather sewn to it on the attachment ends , and I perceive that this would stand up well to general outdoorsy activities . It connects correctly to my Timex T40941 . Country of origin
 It Took No More Than 5 Day For Me To Get My Watch , And When I Got It , It Was Like New With The Box And Extra Links Too
 I bought the Timex Watch Strap for my Timex Ironman . - FitThe watch strap will work with any sport watch -LRB- all brands , not just Timex -RRB- with the standard 18mm old-style resin watch strap , such as thisTimex Ironman . It will , of course , not fit sport watches with more fancy watch strap designs such as thisTimex Ironman Model . - MaterialThis watch strap made from resin , the material commonly used in the watch straps of sport watches . It is soft , supple , and comfortable to wear . - ContentsThe package comes with the watch strap as well as 2 replacement pins . -- This timex watch strap well-made and comfortable and will work with watches that use the old-style resin watch straps . The cost of shipping is also very reasonable -LRB- as of this writing -RRB- . I have been very happy with it and I would definitely recommend it if it 's the right kind of replacement watch strap for your sports watch .
 excellent replacement . Brand new and fits perfectly . I have bought from amazon before and will again on this product . hope this helps everyone
 Just as advertised . A little more flexible and thinner than I expected , but makes it lighter , ca n't even tell it 's on . Ca n't say at this point how durable it is . Looks good too .
 Installation was straightforward - the pins included with the watch band worked very well . The result is a watch that looks as good as it used to look with the original band . It actually is a little easier to put on than the old band.All in all , a success .
 I thought that for the price , this might just last a short time . I was wrong . This band holds up to the abuse of everyday life , including multiple scouting events . What a bargain . It fits well too .
 This was purchased for me 4 + years ago and I have been astounded by it 's quality and durability . I have never tired of its looks ; simple and fuctional . I am a police officer and wear it every day and the band has never broken although I have replaced it once -LRB- mainly for piece of mind -RRB- . The crystal and frame have a few scratches on them however I consider the condition above average for the environment I have put it through.I also had to send the entire watch back to the manufacturer to replace the battery . For whatever reason I could not find someone to replace the battery properly!I am considering the Infantry Chronograph men 's watch w/a white face for something to wear for those dressier occasions .
 This triple watch winder is a great value in the marketplace . Three individual motors and controls w/IC management . Accommodates todays larger 44-47mm watch sizes , and is of high quality materials and function . A `` Best Buy '' among watch winders .
 Easy to read numbers although luminance seems weak . Stem is large for easy setting but I inadvertently adjusted the time on a few occasions . Nice leather strap that just fit my wrist . All told , a solid buy that was slightly cheaper than overstock !
 I give it 4 stars because its a nice ladies watch , BUT do n't be fooled into thinking this watch has a compass , altimeter , or barometer . It only has a temperature reading , which is adversely effected by WEARING the watch , and a cool back-light system that can be activated by turning your wrist.In addition to being an attractive watch for an athletic type lady , IT KEEPS GREAT TIME !!!
 Band was too small , so I had to find a different band . Quick shipping , and it came with authentic Casio booklet ...
 Ma montre a beaucoup impressionn&eacute; mes amis . J'en suis tr&egrave;s satisfaite . Je la recommande .
 Most watch boxes I own have seemed quite pricey considering they 're lacquered wood and velour . Do n't seem worth $ 100 or more . This aluminum case is fantastic . Same velour pillows , egg-crate top padding , rudimentary lock and a wonderful brushed/polished briefcase style body . It is also very compact which is great for packing for travel and not taking up room at home . I will buy more .
 I acquired it for their own hours. , In my opinion , this is an indispensable thing to keep its collection of watches in order , beauty and reliability . Well take it with in travel . Me personally it to be pleasant .
 Not too shabby for the price , but it does not hold chunky/bigger watches that well . I 'm still overall happy with the purchase .
 I only recently had more than two or three watches so my need for a special box to store was minimal . However I started to have an interest in several watches and quickly my &#34; collection &#34; rose to 7 or 8 . I figured I should put them in one place so I looked for a case that would do that and be practical , in my terms . This seemed to do it.Construction appears decent , room for the watches but little else , lock on the latch but it would n't stop anyone with strong fingers or a knife - at least you 'd know someone broke in . All what I expected - however , note that if you have watches dependant on the light to charge the battery -LRB- some models of Casio , Citizen , etc. . . -RRB- they wo n't inside this case . If I were to make any changes , I 'd like one side to be clear plastic to see the watches and charge the &#34; solar &#34; ones but I did n't see one of those in my price range . Though , I suppose you could leave the case open for a while once every 30-60 days to charge them .
 Excellent case for traveling ! Small , lightweight , and sturdy . This will do the trick when moving from one place to another .
 My husband wanted a small watch box to use while traveling . This one is just right . It has enough slots for the watches . It 's not too big for the suitcase . And most importantly , it keeps his watches safe .
 This case is very nice . I decided to purchase this case because my dad has broken previous watch boxes that had glass tops . So I came across this one , and liked the look and style . This box didnt disappoint . I loved it . He loves it too . he has carried it aroung and brags how durable it is and the great lock on it . He is happy which makes me happy . One of the best gifts ive gotten him lately . You cant go wrong with this case . Will be purchasing one for myself soon .
 The ideal suit case to take your watches on vacation with you . This case is for the serious watch collector or any one who does not want to leave his favorite watches at home and wants to wear a different watch during his vacation . This case holds 8 full sized watches with room to spare . It is made of aluminum which is up to the task of keeping the watches protected from most external forces . The only improvement would be the addition of a foam rubber liner to the inside of the lid as a further level of protection . However this is easily added by the owner with out too much trouble .
 I do not write reviews , but I am very impressed with this watch box . If you just want a durable storage case for your watches then this is it . Solid and affordable . I thought it might be some rinky-dink contraption , but it 's perfect in every way !
 Nice but , I need a key for the lock . Thanks !! This case is sturdy and . each of the eight compartments is padded .
 For $ 40 this box is fantastic . Not reading the other reviews , but I have had this box for 2 + years and have traveled with it during that time . Now it 's time for more slots so I 'm retiring this case . If you are on the fence ... DO IT.I store a variety of watch sizes from the Nixon 51-30 -LRB- x3 -RRB- to the Nixon Player . There has been NO problems with this case .
 This Tech Swiss aluminum storage box holds 8 of my watches very snugly . I just put my watches around the black watch holders and place them back in one of the slots . When all 8 are in there , they fit snugly - I 'm not sure this would be the case if less than 8 were in the case ; I do n't think they would move that much , but having all 8 in there at once makes it much more secure . The entire inside is made so that the watches can not get scratched in any manner - nice thick black felt.The lock is a positive and a negative . First the positive - it has an unusual enough key that it would n't be too easy to try to get in the case . Some keys , VAULTZ products come to mind , are so generic that almost anyone can get into their products . That is not the situation of the keys to this case - it is unique . The negative , if you want to travel with your watches on an airplane , this lock is not TSA Approved , so you would have to leave it unlocked , at least until you made it through the security check-point if you are carrying them on the airplane.Finally , I did n't give this item 5 stars because I believe it needs more padding to protect the watches . There is just a thin layer of felt over cardboard over the inside of the case - certainly not enough to provide fall-proof protection for this watch box . If the aluminum were to dent in a fall , this would surely go through to the watch contents inside .
 I ordered this spiffy looking watch box to hold my little watch collection . They 're nothing too expensive , four Unlisted by Kenneth Cole Watches , two sport watches my dad got me , and my favorite Invicta given to me by my ex . I did , however , want something to put them all in once place as hanging on to eight individual watch boxes was a little silly . This case seemed to fit the bill perfectly and upon receiving the item , still does . There is one minor flaw that I will explain later in the review.The quality of the box is pretty fantastic for the forty bucks you spend . There 's a little `` Made in China '' sticker at the bottom I just noticed but , hey , what else is new . The box looks better in person than in the pictures and is made of a bright , silver aluminum exterior with some very minor scratches . The kind at are only visible if you take the effort to tilt it in the light to see them . There is a single briefcase style lock with a key , I have n't tried the keys yet , but I 'm not to worried about someone making a serious attempt to bust it open for some Unlisted cheapie watches.The inside of the case features plush velvet covered pillows and side walls . The walls , as some others have said , are cardboard but this is not true . They feel like some sort of plastic and they 're in there pretty good . There is a nice thick layer of eggshell foam in the top of the case . The case closes with no issues . All in all the interior of the case is just as sturdy and nice as the exterior . Some reviewers have said the compartments are too small but , I 'm sorry , they clearly ca n't use a tape measure because one of my Unlisted watches is over 2 '' from the casing edge to the pull button to change the time -LRB- on an analog watch -RRB- and multiple watches of this size fit comfortably.Okay so here is that flaw I mentioned . It 's not really on behalf of the case but it might be an issue for some like it is for me . I have abnormally small wrists , even with all the weight lifting I have been doing my forearms seem to stay the same . So steel band watches that only collapse to one size wo n't fit over the pillows . I have two of these so two of the pillows effectively become useless . Being an engineering student though I am sure I will figure something out or make a custom pillow . Just be warned if you have small wrists the pillows may be too big.EDIT
 This case is well designed , the clasp needs to be tweaked a little , closure is tight when first used . OK , though ...
 I like this box a lot ... holds my watches securely and looks great , well worth the money . Even big watches fit .
 We ordered this to store our watches -LRB- my husband and myself -RRB- . The individual cases that came with the watches simply took up too much space . This box is very nice and does the job of storing all of your fine watches . We wish it had a clear window so we could see inside but that is n't a big deal since you have to open it to get the watch anyway . Nice box . Glad we bought it .
 This watch box is very good and strong , perfectly fit my Invicta watches , I thought I would have problems because of its size but only at the beginning when I put the little pad that goes in the center , I thought to use pad for the original boxes but was not proved necessary .
 Bought this watch some time ago and am just as happy with it today as as was when I received it !
 Great watch for its price . Wife love it and wears it every time . It match any dress or casual wear with elegance
 I was looking for a dress down watch I just love this watch and what a great buy .
 I am pretty satisfied with it since I wanted something simple enough and casual to wear everyday and also with a leather band . The leather band suits me perfectly because I have very small writs , so if you have a regular or large wrists make sure before you order that it will fit .
 Not much to say except I love it .
 I bought this for my husband for Christmas , the quality of the wood , inlays , finish , interior are so , so , much better than shown in the picture . My husband was very impressed by it . It was by far the best present he received . He had to show it to everyone that was not there on Christmas morning . He even took a picture of it to work to show co-workers ! I highly recommend it way over and above the rating of 5 stars . I would give it a 10 !
 It is a nice product , and I think fine for the price . The finish is n't really `` fine ; '' it 's a bit cloudy . But the inlay and the burl are nice , and the interior is spacious and soft .
 This box is a beautiful & functional yet very decorative piece . I ca n't wait for my valentine to open it !
 The watch box exceeded our expectations . The receiver of the gift was truly impressed with the watch box . The burlwood finish make it luxurious looking piece for the dresser or table .
 Other reviews were correct . This box has very nice quality for the money . Well made with an elegant-looking finish .
 this proved to be very useful . looks very beautiful . I bought it as a gift for my husband and he loves it .
 BEAUTIFUL DESIGN , GOOD SIZE AND WEIGHT , RUSSIAN AUTOMATIC , CHEAP . ONLY ONE ERROR IN DESIGN , YOU HAVE TO TURN THE CROWN MANY TIMES AS NEEDED , TO CHANGE DATE , DOES NOT HAVE INTERMEDIATE POSITION TO CHANGE DATE , CROWN IS OCTOGONAL. , THAT CAUSE SOME HARM TO YOUR SKIN IN YOUR FINGERS AFTER TURNING SEVERAL TIMES .
 THIS BATTERY TYPE IS GENERALLY NOT CARRIED BY LOCAL BUSINESSES - MY 392BP BATTERY ARRIVED RAPIDLY AND IN FINE SHAPE AND WORKS FINE IN ONE OF MY OLDER DIGITAL WATCHES .
 This looks and feels like a $ 1200 watch . It 's heavier than expected but that is a welcome feel for such a low cost watch . Can not be more pleased with this purchase .
 I am very pleased with this watch box . I got it so I could carry more than one watch on trips . It will hold four securely . Also , in addition to the four watch slots the box has three separate compartments that can hold other items , rings , tie bars , etc.It is well constructed and looks very nice . I have no second thoughts about this purchase and at less than $ 40 is a good value . Check out the customer image gallery and you will find two pictures of this item with items in place . It gives a better look at what you are getting .
 This is a fine quality watch box . I am very pleased with it . It is an excellent accessory for safekeeping cufflinks , tie bars and myESQ Hampshire Watch , Timex Expedition Watch , Invicta Skeleton Watch , andTimex Camper Expedition Watchwhen traveling.It has room for four watches and has three compartments for other items to be kept in . ~ The Boss
 This is a great little box for storing men 's jewlery . I just dinged it one star because the ring slots are shallow and several of the rings I own are large -LRB- thumb type , etc. -RRB- and do not fit in the space provided . This would be a five star case if not for that little niggle .
 Very unusual brown watch . Untra thin and light . I now have two Skagen watches . I bought this after being pleased with the first one
 I received this watch quickly and it was very nice . It was a present for my husband and when he saw it he also liked it a lot . Great value for the watch as well . Thanks
 No problems after 6 + months . I expected the crystal to scratch , the mesh to bend / tarnish or the clasp to fail . None has occurred .
 I bought my husband a Skagen watch because I have 3 of them and love each one . I have a skin sensitivity to metals so have to wear gold or stainless steel . These watches are great for folks like us . This watch is super thin , lightweight , and the right size for a tall man - not too big and not too small . I would recommend any Skagen product . The word `` bracelet '' is confusing when searching .
 This watch is everything everyone says it is ; small , sleek , and stylish . I would recommend it to just about anybody . My only complaint is that minor scratches show on the edges of the face , because it 's only anodized . But , it is a great watch anyways , and it 's unnoticable unless you really scrutinize it .
 I bought this watch for my husband . He never wears a watch he really is n't into jewelry . He is a businessman who is always meeting with attorneys , clients , bankers and such . I told him he needs a watch but he would never go buy one for himself . I bought him this watch for valentines day and when he put it on it looked beautiful . He really likes it and it looks great on him . When he dresses in his business attire it makes the whole outfit . I am glad I invested in this watch .
 I got the pink and gold watch instead of the grey and silver one , but I like it anyway . The shield is neat and keeps me from scratching the face , which is what I wanted . I miss having a digital watch that had an alarm on it , but at least this one does n't look all plasticy . It 's actually very nice looking !
 I really like the watch , with a few exceptions . 1st , It 's a little bigger than I expected , but the compass is very well done and works great . 2nd , the lock pin does loosen as you wear it causing the case to open . If you do n't pay attention when you close it and lock it , you will mess up the time setting . Also you ca n't put a metal band on it , even the manufacturers band required me to fabricate a spacer that would fit the watch .
 I think this is very good model.I bought 2 watches .
 Quick service & fast delivery.Very pleased with the product.A + + + + +
 I also bought this item from the Gold Box for a Mother 's Day gift from my young son for my wife . We 've had none of the troubles mentioned by others in their reviews , but perhaps that 's due to a more appropriate expectation . I did n't expect to get a Rolex for $ 25 . What we got was a fun little box of time monitoring fun for a reasonable price.As to the crumpled face of one reviewer ? It IS `` Mother of Pearl '' which I guess might look crumpled to some if you do n't know what it is ... I did n't see their 's , so I ca n't speak to that . The one I bought certainly was n't crumpled.Watch bands are sufficient for my wife 's wrists.The changing of face rings might be a little difficult the first time . But once you know how its dine , its not terribly difficult . And it came with instructions that were accurate.Oh , and no pealing paint to report here.Perfectly satisfied .
 I agree somewhat with other reviewers but I bought it when it was deal of the day for 24 Bucks.Cant beat that . Comes with nice leather look box that stores your accessories . More for casual wear , not the greatest but adds versatility . My wife was happy ... worth millions !!
 I have had this watch for four months . This is the watch I choose most often for every day wear . It is small , light , has a pretty mother of pearl face , and keeps accurate time . I enjoy being able to change the color of the watch and find it easy to do so . It is true that the watch is made for a smaller wrist and that the bands are not leather . I wear the watch during yard work , house work , and shopping . I find the material that the bands are made of to be easy to clean and comfortable . My watch arrived with no defects and has held up well . This is not a `` dressy '' watch - but I 'm very happy with it for daily wear .
 I bought this as an early Christmas present so have no idea as to the quality but will say this product looks great and I do feel my niece will love it !
 Watch is very nice . Interchangable face and band gives you a watch for every oufit.The Croton name is one you can depend on.No regrets on purchasing this watch .
 This is my 3rd G-Shock and my first with the solar feature . I just love the design of it , I must confess I dont need the Databank function because I got everything on my cell phone , what really makes it a big deal for me is his solar battery charging and the auto-light feature which works very fine . I 've been driving long periods in the night and when I check the bettery indicator is always full ! Its a good watch and a has a good price !
 I 've had this watch for over 5 years . Have n't changed the battery yet . It keeps charging by solar energy and battery level meter has n't budged off full for the whole time I 've owned it . Love the recessed crystal and shock/water resistance of this watch . I 've beaten it up good and with occasional cloth cleaning it comes out looking new . The resin band goes through any grime with ease . It 's also very comfortable . Accuracy is great . I have to adjust it maybe once a year . The data storage options are extremely useful for me . I ca n't say enough good about this watch . Did n't know they still made it and hope they still will when this one -LRB- finally -RRB- dies .
 Okay , so I took this watch with me camping and diving for about a year , then one day I lost it . I was cleaning my house the other day and found it in a dark closet where it had been laying since 2005 ... Still works fine . Storage battery is at 1 bar until empty , but everything is functional . Needless to say I 'll be buying g-shocks in the future due to that reliability .
 This watch has rugged good looks and a solar battery which always stays full with limited sun exposure . This is a great watch for everyday use and can survive harsh weather conditions ... well worth the money ... !
 The solar power of this watch is interesting . The watch came with half a batter bar , but when I went out for a day it just charged itself up.The watch has amazing features and is built to last . The first thing people notice when you walk into the room is your watch because it looks like an important watch .
 Watch has long length in bracelet , unlike most watches , so should fit most size wrists.Happy with purchase , will patronize vendor in future .
 I received this watch as a gift from my wife on my birthday . I consider myself very picky when it comes to electronics and gadgets , and so this would also include watches . So when I saw that she got me a watch , and a new brand that I had not heard of , I was a little nervous . Immediately when I opened the very solid watch box , I thought the watch looked great . It has a sporty yet classy look , and the one I received was a beautiful silver band with a black face with three smaller dials . So as far as the looks , I was extremely pleased . Then it kept getting better :1 -RRB- The watch is Solar -LRB- via sun or indoor light -RRB- , so it NEVER needs a battery , winding , or shaking2 -RRB- The watch synchronizes to the time via the US ATOMIC clock wirelessly every night , so it 's always accurate everyday to within a second . This is cool to watch as you can log on online to the official US Time and watch the watch hit the correct time to the second .3 -RRB- The watch has dozens of worldwide cities/time zones built in , so you can display another time zone on one of the other small/sub dials4 -RRB- Even cooler , if you want to switch the world/city time zone from the smaller dial to be on the main large dial , you simply hold down a couple of buttons , and the dials automatically move to update the times on the watch . It 's very cool to watch . For example , if you have the main watch hands set for NYC time and the world time set to London time , and it 's say 10 pm NYC time , when you swap the time zones -LRB- perhaps if you were traveling to London -RRB- the first thing the watch does is swap the small dial from London time to NYC time , then it moves the date forward on the watch because it 's the next day in London , then the large hands readjust automatically to London time , and the second hand then points to the world time zone for the small dial 's city -LRB- which in this case would now be NYC -RRB- . You can swap back anytime , or select any of the other world time zones with ease .5 -RRB- The watch has a subdial that shows 24-hour time as well6 -RRB- The watch automatically adjusts to daylight savings time in North America -LRB- includes Mexico and Canada -RRB- 7 -RRB- The watch has a perpetual calendar so you never need to correct the date at the end/start of the months , including leap years8 -RRB- The watch has a daily alarm9 -RRB- The band is titanium so it is extremely light weight and looks great . It is shiny with a slight brushed , matte finish10 -RRB- The face of the watch is a synthetic sapphire so it resists scratches11 -RRB- The watch has a chronometer/stopwatch12 -RRB- The watch is waterproof and can be worn swimming , snorkeling , or even diving -LRB- I believe to 300 feet -RRB- Each day that I had this watch , I initially found myself learning more and more about the features and having fun playing around with it , from constantly changing the world time and swapping it with the main watch hands and watching all the hands move around automatically , to using the stopwatch and alarm , and seeing all it could do . It is also nice because you can decide what to display on one of the subdials - you can always show your favorite world time zone , or you can have it always display the time that the alarm is set for , if that 's the case , or you can have it in standby mode , where that particular subdial remains at the 12 o'clock position.Additionally the watch has very good luminescent paint on the watch face so it is easy to read the time in the dark.After having this watch , I do n't think I 'll ever go back to a watch that 's not solar and would need a battery or winding/shaking , nor to one that is not synchronized to the US atomic clock . After all , a watch is meant to be accurate and always work . This one just happens to have a lot of great features and functions not only as a classy sporty watch , but as a great fun gadget too . It definitely has the look and feel of a $ 600 + watch.Highly recommended as a great new brand and a great new watch . By the way , this watch is Japanese . Surprisingly , the company that makes Casio watches are also now the ones who make this high-end watch . BUT be careful ! You would be ill-served if that scares you from seriously considering this watch -LRB- by the way , only `` Oceanus '' is on the watch face -RRB- . You wo n't find these features and style on any other brand watch , and all sorts of professional watch magazines and blogs have raved about this watch and compared it in quality to some of the finest Swiss-engineered watches , both in style and build quality . Oceanus is an exceptional new brand . Highly recommended .
 i wo n't bother repeating what has already been said about this watch by the previous reviewer . i agree with everything written.i just spent a week in zurich switzerland on business , and i went shopping for a watch . i never found anything like this watch in switzerland . and i think for the price , the features , quality and design are phenomenal .
 Great , easy to read face , 24 hour numerals . Waterproof to 100mtrs , great for swimming.Made of tough rugged materials , great for outdoors .
 Originally I had wrote a very nice detailed review of this watch and all of it 's attributes , but for some reason it was never posted here on Amazon . Since I 'm not going to try to spend another half hour trying to recall all of the intricate accoutrements that make this watch so cool so I 'll keep it short and sweet . Awesome watch , great build quality , excellent price . I highly recommend .
 I own 4 automatic watches , including an Omega Seamaster , and just recently purchased this one . IT IS ABSOLUTELY STUNNING , the black sunburst background with the copper numerals and the red Swiss logo @ the 12 o'clock , and a brown leather strap , You ca n't go wrong buying this watch , superb build and color contrast , it has now become my favourite .
 Especially for the price . Scratches easily but it could be my line of work . Stays accurate and does it 's job . I am pleased .
 Bought this watch for my mother for the holidays and it is gorgeous . She absolutely loves it ! She has received compliments galore . A great watch for only $ 100 is a real bargain . It really is nice !
 The watch is very nice . I received it in a very timely manner . I really appreciated the way the distributor packaged it . It was well protected .
 Beautiful watch . This watch is n't too big or too small for the average guy . It 's just right . It 's very modern looking with a near square face and the two-tone look . I looked at several watches online ; this is the one you want to get .
 This diving computer is saveing our lives in the water . Suunto is the best for divers . All the divers should use it .
 Love this watch . Got it for my dad , looks better than the picture . Super cheap for a watch like this ...
 I have really enjoyed this watch . It is stylish enough that I can wear it for work with suits and business casual but it 's sturdy and simple enough that I can wear it when I play as well .
 I have had this watch for almost 7 years now . It is very precise and beautiful . Over the time many people gave me very positive comments about it . It looks like a golden one , since it is PVD -LRB- Physical Vapor Deposition -RRB- gold coated . It is the very durable gold coating available . The coating have not worn out anywhere on the watch . The front is a sapphire crystal - material in hardness second to diamond , so over all this time I have not got even a single scratch on it , even though a few times I hit the watch very hard accidentally against metal or stones -LRB- it gave me tiny scratches in the gold coating but not on the sapphire crystal -RRB- . You will only need to replace the battery once in 3 years - no other worries ! It is one of the best purchases I have ever made .
 MY hats off to exam for once again providing the best service and quality products !! not only did my marc ecko watch arrive on time but it asrrived a day early ! the tracking allowed me totrack its progress - free tracking by the way ! and it departed exactly when it said it would - no delays !! and upon arrival , this watch was beauitiful , sparkly , stylish exactly as described and i am more than happy . 5/5 amazon and marc ecko !!
 Great watch - nice packaging - shipped right away . This was a graduation gift and the item , packaging , presentation , timing etc. were all great .
 http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0002CAE6Q/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_titleI like this watches very much . It is excellent ! I like design and form!Thank you very much !
 This watch looks nicer in reality than in the picture , great value for such a cheap price .
 I 've now had this watch for five months and it is by far the best looking watch I have ever had . -LRB- I love carbon fiber . -RRB- The titainium makes it very light for its size , it functions as advertised . I have put the features to the test and have found the watch to be very accurate . There is n't a light to read the watch in the dark with but I have n't found that to be a problem since giving up my cat burgler job . : - -RRB-
 This is one of the best looking T-Touch Watch with a carbon dail . Features are great and work well , they are reasonably accurate . The rubber bracelet looks good compared to the -LRB- very shiny -RRB- polished titanium one . Note
 I only received this today so I can not comment on anything long term . However , this watch is great . Very nicely styled , seems well built , features are very very cool , each seens better than the next . I 've read other reviews where people said they ca n't read the numbers , had difficulty viewing the hands in the dark , that the manual was useless , etc. . I can said readability is perfectly fine as well as viewing the hands in the dark . The manual is n't the best i 've seen but is perfectly fine for it 's purpose . It is packaged very nicely in a high end fashion.I am giddy about this thing.Amazon is great as always .
 I ordered this watch from overseas , had it shipped to an address in the US . Overnight delivery , accepted international credit card - Perfect service and goods arrived within 24 hrs from ordering.Watch in perfect condition .
 I purchased this watch for my husband . He LOVES it ! It is good-looking and extremely functional . The price was very good and thanks to Amazon for the great service !
 Overall I want to say I 'm very happy with the watch and the delivery services . The watch information seems to be pretty accurate . I highly recommend .
 It 's a must have ! you wo n't see it in every corner ... Go and get one
 I was very pleased with with CDI Watches . Through a glitch at the Amazon site , I received the wrong watch . When notified of this , CDI Watches promptly sent me a return UPS label and provided a refund when it turned out they did not have the watch I wanted in stock . They even went the extra step of locating a seller , on Amazon , where I could buy the watch . That kind of service is rare in today 's world . I recommend them highly .
 This watch looks so more expensive in person ... photos dont do justice . . very high quality . . plus it is Automatic ...
 i bought this item as a christmas gift for my fiance . the product has only been in use one day as I am writing this review but the ease of set up and the overall look of the product was great . it 's a little bigger than what i had anticipated however that is not a problem . i would recommend this product .
 Well built product that looks and winds great . I have a heavy expensive Omega dive watch and it winds it perfectly in clockwise rotation . I purchased the single winder due to the weight of the watch , a single heavy watch on a dual winder -LRB- one head & two inserts for watches -RRB- throws motor out of balance and dual winder -LRB- two heads -RRB- was more than I needed . Been using for a month now with no issues.Edit 12-15-11 : I recently purchased a second winder . My initial winder is still working perfectly . The newer version is slightly different , however . It is darker in color , power cord is different and it winds at a slower speed and with different intervals . None of which would stop me from buying another winder , just thought I 'd let reviewers know information.I recently purchased a HUGE Invicta Coalition Forces model 0963 -LRB- 51 millimeters diameter ,20 millimeters thick and 32 millimeters band -RRB- , it 's a very large and heavy watch . Fits into wider and winds with no problem , however , it is snug at every dimension .
 No more having to wind up my watch and reset the date each time I wear it . This item is beautiful , easy to use and very well made . After having my Rolex for over a year , I wish I would have made this purchase much earlier . Oh and the price , was very reasonable .
 I read the reviews for many of the watch winders available on Amazon , visited the web sites of some other stores , as well as of some of the companies that make watch winders and also visited some of the online watch forums to learn what I could about watch winders . It turned out that there were quite a few watch winders available in all price ranges . Although it looked like some of the less expensive ones could get the job done , I could n't help but think that since I spent all that money for the watch , I should n't buy some cheap winder that may not maintain it properly , or even worse damage it . I settled upon this winder as it seemed to have the combination of features that I wanted , which included bidirectional intermittent winding , quiet operation , and being well made . It is not the cheapest winder available , but not even close to the most expensive.So far I have been very happy with my purchase . The winder sits on my desk , and it is very quiet when it operates . I generally wear my watch all the time , but there have been a few 7 day stretches where I do n't wear it , and that was what I purchased the winder for . During these times , the watch has been kept wound , and has been ready to wear when I take it out . Some people have said that the holder for the watch is not secure in some of the winders - for me , my watch fits snuggly around the holding `` pillow '' and it seems to then be held very snuggly in the winder . I do have a fairly thin wrist for a man , though . I have not noticed any loosening over the course of the week that I do n't wear the watch.I had read online that these winders do not wind your watch from `` dead '' so I always make sure that my watch is well wound by putting it in the holder at the end of a day of wearing it , and so far it has worked fine . The quality of the winder seems fine - it is sturdy and fairly attractive with its fake wood finish , and matches my desk reasonably well . I would recommend this winder for those who do not want to spend a fortune on one of the `` premium '' winders , but yet want one that is well made , has bidirectional winding , is quiet and keeps the watch wound . Quite frankly , I am not sure that the expensive winders do a better job , but I am not an expert .
 This product is excellent except for one thing . The pad the watch sits on is too large for a small wrist watch -- I had to get a small pad that came from something else to replace the original . The company was wonderful and found one for me at no charge .
 This is a fine product and should meet the needs of most . The winder is as it was described , and delivery was much earlier than promised . However , my automatic -LRB- self-winding -RRB- watch is old and cranky . The bi-directional rotation is insufficient to keep it wound after two or three days on the winder . Also , another reviewer mentioned that the cushion that holds the watch was too big . Although I am able to fit a man 's watch on the cushion , it is a very tight fit . This would not be a problem with a leather strap , but with a metal clasp in could be . Notwithstanding my reservations , I think that most customers with average or large wrists would be delighted with this product .
 Arrived as expected , very nice finish , easy to use and best of all the motor is virtually silent ! The only change I would make is to increase the diameter of the insert that holds the watch so that it fills the entire wrist area of a men 's watch . As it is my watch is not held tight and therefore flops back and forth as the winder slowly spins . This is not a problem but for the longest time I could n't figure out what the slight thud ... thud ... thud sound was . Again because the motor is silent , and turns on and off automatically at regular intervals , I did n't know this sound was coming from the watch winder and I kept looking out the window wondering what was making the sound ; - -RRB-
 Not only is this product good looking , it is Quiet . Packaged well & good instructions.Bought for my wife & like it better than the one I have .
 I went with this watch winder even though there were very few reviews and I 'm glad I did . The winder looks really nice and works well , although it 's larger then I anticipated . I 've had it for about a week now and have left my watch in it ever since . I took out my watch today and the time was perfect . It has a small hum to it while its rotating -LRB- for 3 minutes every 18 minutes according to the setting I use -RRB- but it 's quiet and I do n't notice it . Overall , it does its job and I 'm happy not to have to adjust the time each time I put on my watch .
 My husband has been using this winder for a long time . It works great , his watch is always keeping good time .
 This is a very handsome watch , but gentlemen if your hands are on the smaller side the proportions of this watch might not work for you . My husband has long arms and large hands , so this watch looks perfect on him . He is very hard on it -LRB- has to wash his hands frequently -RRB- and while the leather band has broken down over about 16 months of repeatedly getting wet , the steel casing which houses the dial looks pristine . I wish there was a way we could just buy a replacement band , but I have had a hard time finding one for this watch . This is the third time my husband has bought this watch , which is an indication of how much he likes it -LRB- all three have lasted him about six years , with the watch taking a lot of rough handling and abuse -RRB- .
 It 's so hard to find an attractive digital watch . Why do n't watch makers realize this and make more ? This is the only one I 've ever found that I can wear as jewelry . I 've gotten so many compliments on it . It 's very unique ! Nowadays most `` young '' people would prefer digital over analog .
 Attractive , well made jewelry case . The slots for rings , removable containers , attractive fabric lining , two mirrors -LRB- one mounted on one of the removable cases -RRB- , snap closures , protected corners and all leather construction make me love this smart looking little jewelry case . The Wolf brand makes very well fashioned products.Update -LRB- 14 Oct 09 -RRB- : I still like my little pink case , however , you need to watch the snap . It might not be big enough or strong enough for the size of the case . While carrying mine , my fingers must have rubbed up against or touched the clasp because it came open and everything fell out in the grass . Since I need to work on my seven deadly sins , I will still carry the case , even though I will have to pay more attention to the closure .
 Very elegant watch . Shinier than appears in picture . Good size face and not too chunky . Will need to get some links removed fron strap to fit my small wrist .
 Hello , the watch is really pretty and goes well for all occasions . Have been using it for a while and especially for a narrow wrist like mine it looks great .
 My son had bought this same watch when we went to Orlando on holiday late last year and he was so chuffed with it . He was so upset when it was stolen from school before christmas , he is only 12 and bought the watch with his own money . I was so glad when i managed to buy another , using this great internet shopping , for an extra xmas prezzie . he loves the watch and it has a great dial size for his age group .
 I really liked that watch ... its perfect when you wear it in the party or somewhere in the official occasion .
 I did some research on this brand and decided to go with the famous date pointer . It is a rare complication pretty much only found in this brand . The watch is a great value for a in house complication -LRB- based on a ETA movement -RRB- . I was very pleasantly surprised at the quality of the watch when it arrived , as it is much more impressive in person than the picture on Amazon 's website . My wife did n't like the picture of the watch but now she ca n't stop complimenting the watch on my wrist . I am only too delighted to point out the date pointer function out to my fellow watch enthusiasts .
 As you 'd expect , a beautifully styled and well-crafted watch . The stainless steel version is reassuringly heavy and has a quality feel . This particular model -LRB- 2599.52.00 -RRB- Combines the America 's Cup Watch with the `` James Bond '' Seamaster braclet . In my opinion , a combination that beats both originals !
 This is a gift for my son , hope he likes it as much as I do . We have n't unwrapped it yet so do n't know if it works good or not . As for Amazon , always good and prompt service . I love shopping on Amazon ... !
 Bought this watch because of the dial . The watch is light weight and the sunray dial really pops in the sunlight . Not the greatest quality but for the price not bad . The description says the watch is rated to 660 feet but with a push pull crown and the case back not being a screw down back I doubt that it will do more than resist splashes . The strap is very poor quality and I do n't think it will last long and will need to be replaced . But if you want to get a watch to honor POW/MIA members this a fantastic way at an economical price . That is the only reason I gave the product 4 stars .
 This is a very nice watch with a face that 's exceptionally clear and easy to see . The face and band are a little wider than I expected -- more like a man 's watch than a woman 's watch -- but the woman I bought it for loves it because it 's so easy for her to see the time .
 Gave this to my daughter for her 15th birthday , she 's very happy with it and has received many compliments by her friends . It looks cool enough to wear to school , but because it is black and silver looks dressy enough for church .
 I happened across this watch by accident , I had my eye on another Poker themed watch and happened to sit and play next to Phil Gordon and he was wearing this same watch.Very high quality and completely accurate with the perfect bracelet design.You ca n't go wrong with this watch , watches are my thing and this is the best watch value under $ 800.00 .
 Fossil watches are the way to go for a reasonably priced , nice looking watch . They also are of good quality , and carry a nice warranty if any issues ever come up .
 I seen another post that said that setting the watch is backwards ... I have the watch in front of me and I have to set it as any other watches I have ... And other than that the watch is GREAT and GOOD LOOKING ... It work as well as any other fossil watch ...
 The watch is great and the delievery was on time . . the watch even looks better than the online photos , thank you !!!
 This watch is not only nice to look at , but can be worn in AF uniform in in civilian clothes . Fossil offers great style with the silver band and black face . It is comfortable to wear too . My husband is picky about watches , but he has really enjoyed wearing this one . The band is very smooth and does n't cause any irritation that other watches have caused .
 This watch has a great feel , great weight , you feel it in your wrist . The inside screen is a dark grey with an asymetrical pattern that looks really cool . I had this watch before and I lost it , good thing I was able to find it again . I would buy it again if I ever loose it , since I already checked all of the other watches of this style and this is the one I like the most ! Great price , when you see this watch , how good it looks , you would think it is a much more expensive watch ...
 For the price , it 's nice & classy if you 're ok with the brand Fossil . I do want buyers to be aware that it 's quite heavy though . When worn , it feels like you 're carrying 2-3 lbs . on your wrist , compare to my other watches I have . That 's my only complaint .
 This watch was perfect for my husband . He wanted something a little dressier than his everyday watch but nothing over the top . Very classy .
 The shipping was quick , the watch is in great condition , and wv 've had no battery problems like other people have complained about this vendor . I would buy from them again !
 It 's just what I expected . Ca n't complainThe quality and the beauty is just what i hoped for . Buy it
 I needed to get a watch that was simple and yet had a nice look for his job . I wanted to also make sure it was good quality . Now our children 's names are engraved on the back . He will love this
 I bought this watch for my father and he really liked it . Yes , it 's looks so classy and nice .
 I bought this watch for my BF 's birthday and he really liked it . Yes , it 's a bit heavy but it looks so classy and nice .
 I was a bit skeptical because I have heard that Fossil has a bit of a reputation for bad batteries . However , I received the watch today and though I can not yet comment on battery life I can say that the quality is great - it was much heavier than I expected and that is a good thing ! My husband has been hinting around about a Fossil/Relic watch and he will be happy with this one . I will definitely buy more Fossil/Relic watches in the future as they are very attractive and have the weight I want in a mans watch and a price tag that does n't make me ill . I would also recommend the seller - projected delivery date was 12/22 , my watch arrived today 12/18 and was nicely packaged . Great XMas gift for the love of my life and a great value also .
 I needed a band for my old Rolex , but I was unable to find the right size , quality and material where I normally shop . Fortunately I found this one on Amazon.com . The quality is excellent . Even my wife says so . And the dark , rich leather looks good with the thin , gold watch . Plus it fits perfectly . This is a great buy .
 I usually just buy cheap-o watches at Walmart because I do n't like spending a lot of money on a watch that I wo n't really use anyway . I bought this watch to use during my runs and now I use it all the time ! It does n't look bulky like all other watches do on my skinny wrist ... it looks and fits perfect ! It 's also very easy to use all of the features on the watch . I am definitely glad about my purchase .
 I bought this for myself but when I went to visit my niece she liked it so much she somehow got it off of my arm . lol Now I have to order another one for myself . It looks great for the price !
 Looks and feels great . the only reason i didnt give it 5 stars that it is a touch short . Fits my wrist which is medium sized with no real room to spare . If you have large wrists you 'd have to find a different band .
 Very eegant looking without being too pricy adds a great look to a vintage Lucian Piccard watch my grandfartehr willed to me
 This is an incredible strap . Looks better than the photo . Leather is of good quality , soft , and very comfortable to wear . It breaks in easily and hugs the contours of the wrist much better than most other straps I 've had . This strap is so good that it even makes me want to wear this watch more .
 WATCH IS VERY SMART LOOKING AND FITS & FEELS GREAT . LOOKS GREAT AND PROVED TO BE A VERY NICE GIFT .
 i bought them for my grandkids . their mother loves them . they are easy to use and easy for the young kids to understand . i would recommend them to anyone with small kids and older
 It 's cute looking , so , kids will wear it . Alarm is loud but I did expect it to be a little louder . I 'm just happy there is a product that will maybe help my daughter if she ever needs it .
 I won this little gem at powder movie screening and it has by far been the most durable watch I 've ever owned . I take it hiking , snowboarding , and swimming frequently and it still looks as good as new . I was a little put off with the coloring at first , but after wearing it with some formal-affair clothing I decided that it 's just as good for a night out on the town as a day outdoors . The band is thick and sturdy but may be the only thing I would change , as it sometimes pinches and wo n't conform to my wrist .
 This watch has a simple contemporary look to it . The watch band has a cheap `` feel '' to it ... rough on the edges but with a better watchband , this watch looks expensive and goes with anything .
 I won this little gem at powder movie screening and it has by far been the most durable watch I 've ever owned . I take it hiking , snowboarding , and swimming frequently and it still looks as good as new . I was a little put off with the coloring at first , but after wearing it with some formal-affair clothing I decided that it 's just as good for a night out on the town as a day outdoors . The band is thick and sturdy but may be the only thing I would change , as it sometimes pinches and wo n't conform to my wrist .
 This watch is awesome but I barely got it and the display screen fell off !!! makes me mad .
 I 've had this watch for several years now . I put it on every morning and do n't take it off until bedtime . That means while wearing it I swim , work out , clean the house , cook , shower and do all sorts of other things I should probably remove it to do . It does n't die , it does n't even scratch . Superb quality watch .
 I bought for my girlfriend and i just can said that is an execellent watch . It 's ORIGINAL .
 Everything about the watch was spot on . Delivery was on time , it was packed perfectly and looked fantastic . My lady was delighted.Thank you very much
 I PURCHASED THE WATCH AS A CHRISTMAS GIFT FOR ONE OF MY BEST FRIENDS , SHE WAS TOTALLY SATISFIED .
 The watch arrived promptly and was in working order ; however , I did n't really like the face of the watch . I 'm keeping it because the shipping was very expensive , there 's a 15 % restocking fee , and I 'd have to pay return shipping . Those costs almost total the price of the watch . For that reason , I wo n't order except directly from Amazon in the future . That way I 'll get free shipping and no restocking fee .
 my girlfriend lost this at my fraternity formal and she managed to find the same model online so i could buy it for her ! huzzah ! she 's happy now !
 Nickle Free and wonderful . I had trouble finding a dreesy watch that did n't cost a fortune that I could wear . This fits the bill and then some .
 This purchase was a replacement for a watch I thought I 'd lost . I really like the watch and it is identical to the one I had . Before purchasing I would have liked a more detailed description and larger illustration . As it was I did buy exactly what I was looking for and am very pleased .
 For such a small price tag , this watch is very sleek . The dial is huge as it takes up rougly 80 % of the width of my wrist . I 've only worn it for a few months and I take very good care of it , so no scratches have come about it yet . It keeps good time , its maybe lost a second or two a week from my count . Very sexy watch , this picture does n't do justice .
 I love this watch . This is my second one as I detroyed the first after about 6 years . Smaller size but heavy . Great water resistance and the luminosity can not be beat . A real thing of beauty . My first one had a 10 year battery -LRB- never needed replacement -RRB- I am hoping this one does as well .
 I wear it almost everyday and it 's a lot of fun to change out the wrist bands
 Great watch Great buy . Not to big with many features such as stop watch with constent seconds display plus many alarm settings . Duo time display plus date .
 This G-shock is not too big and is just perfect on my wrist . The modes are easy to accessand practical . All around this is a perfect watch for both rugged and casual use - it looks great !
 Great to finally be a member of the club ! This is a solid watch at a very reasonable price and good if you want to keep track of a different time zone . However , if you travel I 'd recommend the atomic version that will automatically update the time based on the time zone you are in . Changing the time this this model is a bit of a challenge .
 The watch looks really tough and durable . It has a matte finish too which is wicked . I 'm not really too big on the G-shocks that are glossy . I 've been using it for a week and a half now and I 've have n't seen anything wrong with it . It 's exactly what it 's advertised to be . I would recommend it .
 I dont know how the other reviewer got a nonH3 watch because mine has been glowing just fine for the past coulpe of years . though i have a few dozen timepieces in my collection , i probably wear this watch the most . It is light weight and well balanced and has the 2 features i most care about
 Fossil makes a great watch and this one is attractive and can be casual or dressy . It 's easy to read and lasts forever . I had my first one for years and decided to get another just in case the first one ever breaks .
 I was tickled to find a round-face watch with real numbers on it ; the design is beautiful ! The light blue face adds sparkle to the appearance and does not interfere with viewing the time . It has a date box but is too small for me to read and i have n't figured out how to change it to correct date ; tho not a real issue for me . The band fits like a bracelet , rather loose , on my arm . Only real complaint is the ` information ' sheet is not particular to this model , and does not provide the information i need . but overall i am very happy with my purchase !!
 This watch was the one i 've been waiting for all of my life.I would higlhy recomend it to anyone looking for a luxurious looking watch , which is very suitable for a sporty business look.The only disadvantage i would mention is that its strap is attracting scratchs very easely . You should polish it from time to time.Other than this , the watch is PERFECT1
 I 've always wanted a prestige Swiss brand watch but when I looked at the price of the watches that got my attention , then I have to really think twice ! The cheapest watch I saw that is within my price range -LRB- about 1G -RRB- looked too common and looked actually cheap if you do n't look at the label . I have a 25 years old Citizen dress watch that still looked very nice , but I thought I deserved another good one for variety so I bought an eco-drive Citizen before Christmas in Toronto.Since I still have left over for watch budget , I started browsing at watches at amazon . I really enjoyed the shopping on-line experience as there 's no one to bother me or distract me from my choices . Most of the good watches ' price on display at the store have their prices hidden so it 's a bit intimidating and embarassing to ask the salesperson everytime , many times ... especially if you end up not buying ! No problem at all on-line as one can browse any brand for as long as his/her heart desires!This Seiko Arctura kinetic watch is the second watch I ordered and received from amazon over the holiday season ... and could n't be happier with my decision . I really liked the feel , quality -LRB- hefty -RRB- and style of this watch ... I think its unique , not to mention it actually looked much better in person . Another main feature of the watch that made me consider buying it is it 's scratch resistant sapphire crystal . I really think and believe manufacturers put sapphire crystals ONLY to their top/flagship models . My excitement doubled when I found out that the price has gone up almost double 2 days after I ordered it ! I feel lucky too that the seller sent it by Canada Post where I was not charged of taxes when it was delivered . Great watch ... and best buy I had in years !!!
 This is one beautiful watch . I gave it to my wife on here birthday and she was extremely excited . It has been her daily watch for the last month and a half with no problems but lots of nice comments from others . I got this watch for the best possible price with very fast delivery . Thanks a lot !
 This is a beautiful watch , with incredible features and finish for the price . The mother of pearl dial is slightly paler in real life than it appears in the product image , however it 's subtle and beautiful . This is a solid , expensive-feeling , sapphire-crystaled quartz watch , and an unparalleled value .
 This watch is beautiful , looks really expensive , keeps good time , and wears well .
 Right off the bat , this is an absolutely gorgeous timepiece . At the heart of this arctura is a japanese quartz movement powered by a kinetic charged lithium ion battery , basically you wo n't have to worry about a battery change in a few years . There is also the relay feature which I wo n't elaborate on , since it 's already part of the product description . What I will tell you , is that within a month 's span this watch has gained approximately 3 seconds .
 What a great timepiece ! More of a dress watch than anything . Feels good and strong and looks wonderful , very pleased aesthetically . It appears more silvery in the picture , but , in fact , it is more white ; So , there 's a slight perceivable difference , like most watches . I 've never owned a white dial piece before and like it very much . It 's a classic piece . Hoping to get a lot of years out of this one . It feels great on my wrist . Absolutely no complaints .
 A real classy baeutiful watch , , and I love the auto kinetic movement . Wonderful watch . Wonderful gift .
 I own a lot of watches and this is the only one that fits like a glove . They do n't call it Arctura for nothing . Very smooth styling , bracelet wo n't bite into your skin like normal steel bracelets . The battery is charged by movement of your wrist . What is special about this model compare to countless Seiko Kinetic models is that this is the only one that has a power reserve of 4 years . That means if watch is fully charged and not used for next 4 years , it would still be running ! Wow . How it does this is it 's smart . After days of non-use , it literally shuts down , the hands do n't move , nothing - arggg , my watch is broken ! But you shake it or wear it again , hands will automatically move to the correct time and keeps on ticking like usual ! This is the only watch and only model that does this .
 I buy this watch december 28 and this watch VERY NICE.I LOVE MY new Watch Seiko ARCTURA KINETIC AUTO RELAY.Kinetic movement , Dress watch , Auto relay , Silver-tone luminous hands , Silver-tone hands and indexes , Analog date display , Small black dots on outer dial , Polished stainless steel bezel with grooves , Automatic power generator , 4-year energy storage , Automatic energy saving function , Manual energy saving funciton , Time relay function , Energy depletion forewarning function , Polished stainless steel case , crown and caseback , Sapphire crystal , 100 meters/330 feet water resistant
 I love this watch -- have n't had it too long , but absolutely no problems . I love the removeable links so you can downsize it easily yourself .
 I got this watch 9 months ago and have loved it ! I wear it every day and it works great , no tarnishing or scratches or anything . I 've also completely submerged it in water on a couple occasions and it still works great . Would definitely recommend getting this watch .
 After several months , I can still say I love my Hamilton watch ! Was very difficult to find a watch under 40mm -LRB- today 's watches range from large to ridiculous large -RRB- . This watch at 38mm is perfect ! Keeps very accurate time , and I very much like the stop-watch capabilities ; the style gives it a retro look which is also very clean & easy to read . The only drawback is that its a bit to thick , but that 's simply the result of any automatic chrono mechanism . Highly recommend it ... if you can find one !
 I am very happy with this watch . After seeing it at a local store for a much higher price I found it online and selected it as a christmas present for my husband to order for me . This watch has everything I was looking for ; very attractive , not too large yet not too small with an easy to read dial . My husband ordered it the week before christmas and it arrived within two days and in perfect condition . When ordering from Princeton Watches you also receive the factory warranty which was very important to us . Our experience was excellent !
 This watch is just what I was looking for . It is classy looking without being to dressy . I can wear it with pants and a shirt or with a dress . It looks great with either .
 This watch was exactly what I was looking for . I wanted a dressy gold watch ... everything seems to be sliver .
 It was a present for my friend . And it was very nice and I ordered the second one for my wife .
 what do a person want to know about an item purchase on the internet ? it 's authetic , delivery was on time , and shippment was better looking in person than on picture . satisfy
 I spent three days looking online for the perfect watch for my boyfriend 's Christmas gift , and once I saw this watch I know it would be the perfect one . He loves it so much and makes comments on it all the time . It 's big , which is what I like about it . And the design is beautiful ! Different than the typical watch . You 'll love it too !
 I 'm totally in love with this watch . The previous reviewers are right . It feels incredibly solid and well done and at this price is a steal . If you like it just get it without thinking twice .
 Three words
 I love my watch . I got it so I 'd have something that looks nice while I wait tables . It 's a very goodlooking streamlined watch with some nice weight to it.I 'd buy it again 10 times !
 MUCHAS GRACIAS TODO MUY BIEN , EL PRODUCTO ES DE BUENA CALIDAD , FELICITACIONES , CONTENTO CON LA COMPRA REALIZADA , ESPERO QUE SIGAN OFRECIENDO UN BUEN SERVICIO COMO LO SIGUEN PRESTANDO , NO TENGO NING&Uacute;N INCONVENIENTE
 It is a beautiful watch . Excellent price , great discount . Wonderfull . Its a Seiko !!
 I got this watch about a year and a half ago and i have to say I love it . I 've received many compliments on from friends and coworkers . As a child I loved watches and would always look at them in the department stores , but being a child I was only trusted with Timex digital watches , which killed my love for timepieces . Years later I found myself walking though the mall when the watches of a jewelry store caught my eye and it instantly renewed my love . I wanted a watch that was simple yet classy , without being cheap , and thats exactly what this is . The solid black face with reflective hands and hour markers have a rather stunning appearance without being cluttered with excessive dials -LRB- I usually know what month it is , and I 'm not a pilot so I did n't want a cluttered watch -RRB- . The hour markers are raised , with angled sides , such that they catch the light different at different angles . I still find myself sometimes being distracted by it if it catches the light just right . I 'd say that it looks better in person than the picture here , which makes it look flat and dull . The case is polished stainless steel and the band is also stainless , but a fine brushed look -LRB- everything on this watch is nice and shiny -RRB- . Naturally being a well made quartz watch it keeps time as good as , or even better than , any high end mechanical watch , and I 've never had to reset it other than daylight savings and etc. . I have n't been able to notice even a second of time loss over periods of months . I 've been shopping for a while now for a dressier watch to expand my collection , but have yet to find anything I like as much as this watch and it is more than fine to wear for any special occasion . Jeweler at the store wanted $ 180 + for this exact watch . I 'd recommend this watch if you want something that looks nice without being complicated
 Nicely made , very sharp looking . Keeps superior time and date . Perfect simple hassle free watch . Good weight , nice feel , I recommend .
 Having owned one for over 3 years , I have no hesitations in recommending this watch . - Superb Seiko perpetual calendar movement . You do n't have to adjust the date for shorter months/leap year etc. . Once set , the watch takes care of it . - Inexpensive $ 10 battery replacement -LRB- including labor -RRB- . - 6A32 movement is rated to + / - 20 secs/month accuracy by Seiko . But , in my experience , this watch is much more accurate than that . - Easy to read a night . Green glow stands out against the black face.This watch is so good that Seiko needs to bump up the price by a couple of hundred dollars .
 I have been a dedicated Seiko fan for years . I purchased my first Seiko about 20 years ago and that Seiko turned up missing recently ; this one replaces it . I had to try a Perpetual Seiko and here it is . I like the style , the look and the feel . It is a bit heavier than the one it replaced but it feels solid and secure . I read a few reviews before I selected and purchased this watch and I am glad to have it . Seiko has been a favorite of mine for years and I think and hope it will continue to be .
 Disclaimer
 We bought this watch for our son in 2006 for his High school graduation present ~ Loved it so much I was happy to find it once again in 2011 for my husband as a birthday gift ! The watch not only keeps accurate time and the perpetual calendar is a must have but it is a very striking handsome watch as well . Highly recommend this watch as a purchase .
 I have had this watch for about 4 months now , and I am totally satisfied . I wanted a quality analog watch with a perpetual calendar , and this fit those requirements perfectly . I changed the metal band for a leather band and I like the watch even more . It has not lost any time , and the date remains accurate every change of month . The luminous markers and hands also work well after decent light exposure . I would definitely recommend this watch .
 I got this as a gift for my husband . What can I say ? It 's beautiful and appears to be good quality . If you want it , buy it .
 The watch looks and feels and operated better than expected ... The band is sturdy and looks great ... A great gift !
 Have had this watch for about 6 months . So far its been accurate . That was never really a concern because it is a Seiko and Quartz movement -LRB- my understanding is that auto -LRB- seiko -RRB- and eco-drive -LRB- citizen -RRB- watches are inherently not as accurate as quartz movement -RRB- . The face is readable in all lights -LRB- I had a white face , silver hand Seiko that I liked but was hard to read in sunlight -RRB- . The face is black , the markers are silver/white . The date box is too small to be really readable , but it is no worse than any other watch . The face has no other unnecessary text or symbols , and so does n't look busy . The watch thickness is perfect - at 9mm it is neither too thin -LRB- comparable to strap watches -RRB- , nor too thick -LRB- like the diver watches -RRB- - but that 's probably a personal choice . The perpetual calendar works as designed.The band is probably the only place where you can tell it is not an expensive watch . I took it to a jeweler , but was told that it can not be changed . I need to get a second opinion . Do n't get me wrong - there is nothing wrong with it . It 's just a wee bit light for my taste , but nothing that would make me take a star off for this clean and classy watch.It is water resistant to 100M . That 's a lot of depth , so not sure if that makes it Water Proof in ambient conditions -LRB- showering or swimming -RRB- . I have n't tried .
 This fine watch was a recent Christmas gift . So far it 's flawless , both in appearance and accuracy , and being a well-made Seiko I expect it will remain so for any years . From experience with my older Seiko watch , they 're meant for life in the real world.A short comment on an old previous review -LRB- above -RRB-
 This watch was given to me as a Christmas gift three years ago and it still works perfectly . It is a beautiful watch and very well made . I have never had a problem with scratches or anything of the sort , and I expect it to last for a long time . I recommend this watch or any other Seiko .
 It came only 2 days after I ordered it.That was a pleasant surprise!As soon as I open the carton I saw this great looking watch , as soon as i put it on , it look great and felt very expensive.I love it and you ca n't beat the price !!
 This is a very nice watch and the price was excellent . I have only had it for a few days . It is a bit on the heavy side , but once you put it on , you do n't notice it .
 This is my first Seiko watch . I am very impressed with the quality , looks , and accuracy of this watch . Very happy with my purchase . Highly recommend it .
 Simple and sleek design . Good to wear with any formals.One negative was i thought i ordered for a black dial , but got blue one .
 This watch reeks of class . Fossils are already well-respected watches , but this dress watch is excellent for all-purpose wear . The dial is simple , pull it out a little and one can adjust the date , pull it out further and one adjusts the time . I 've swam a few times with this watch and it has n't lost a click .
 The watch came in perfect condition in the fossil tin . It arrived in a timely matter with no problems and the watch is very nice looking and works great ! My husband was very pleased with it as a Christmas gift .
 I bought one of these for my wife a while back . She does n't wear watches on a daily basis , but loves this one when she does . Gets tons of compliments on it too . She specifically wanted a watch with a small face and this fit the bill perfectly . Would recommend looking at them in retail store before purchasing from Amazon as it 's hard to get a realistic idea of what any kind of jewelry looks like through pictures online . Also mother of pearl face can vary greatly from one watch to the next .
 I love this watch ! The little diamomds on each size of the watch makes it very classy ! The white and yellow gold coloring cordinates with any jewerly I want to wear . Very good choice !
 I needed to replace my beloved Bulova watch which died down after 8 years . I was looking for some very specific features
 Elegant but not over stated . A few small diamonds gives a bit of style , and the bangle bracelet was nicely out of the ordinary . Water resistance is a nice feature , and to my recollection , was not so common in similar watches until a few years ago .
 The pictures of this product do not do it any justice . Once I opened the box , I pulled out this gorgeous watch . If you are a fan of blue-faced watches , this is the one to get . It has a very nice weight to it . Not too heavy and not too light .
 Product was as advertised . Easily removes metal watch band pins for quick adjustments . It cost 10 to 15 dollars at the mall or most watch repair places to make the same adjustments .
 Was able to adjust 6 different watches in my collection . Perfect for any watch collector . For the price , you ca n't beat it . Simply align the watch band with the pin and twist to push it out . Comes with easy instructions . Saved me money .
 This 3-in-1 pin tool is great for the price and works perfectly ! It allows you to save so much money when you can just do it yourself . I would recommend this product to anyone that 's looking for a stress-free experience . Easy to learn , easy to use . It 's worth it and makes a great present .
 I needed a watch case and this does the trick . It is n't as nice looking as I would like , meaning it is obviously not leather , but it does lock and functions well for its purpose .
 Me parece buen producto , de buena calidad por el precio , mis relojes se ven bien y permite poner relojes de gran caratula
 I am giving this to my son for Christmas and it 's perfect ! So glad that I did not purchase one I had found at Fossil because it was well over $ 100 !! This is exactly what I hoped it would be ... thanks !!
 Simple storage box . Nothing very fancy about it but it looks nice and classy . My wife has a lot of large watches and this fits them all fine . Should have gotten a bigger box , though , as she has A LOT of watches .
 This is a Christmas gift for someone who owns many watches . Hope he 'll like it . I was impressed by how attractive it is and leather covering seems very soft and nice .
 Like this thing a lot . Well made , nothing cheap about it . Very happy with my purchase . Totally worth the money .
 I really like this box . All my watches fit well and it is nicely made . I would recommend this product .
 Very elegant and beautiful present for people who already have everything!Although it takes some time to arrange the watches since you have to close all wrist bands befor putting into the box , it 's worth the hassle .
 This watch box is so nice and it holds all my watches beautifully . I am a watch collector and these all look nice and do exactly what I need it to .
 I bought this for my step father as a Christmas gift kind of a what do you get someone that has everything gift . Well , he has probably 40 -50 watches and thought this would be a good start . I ordered it a little late , but when i gave it to him he was very happy . As a matter of fact he commented just the other day how happy he was when he opened it & saw what it was . He could of bought it for himself but never thought about it . It holds large watches well & is weell constructed
 I purchased this watch case for my father in law who is a watch collector . We bought him this case for Father 's Day and he loved it so much he asked for another . The case is good quality and looks very expensive for the price .
 I bought this for my Dad for xmas . He loves watches and so far has collected around 12 . The box has space for ten watches and it looks pretty nice with the watches in it . However if some of the watches are big , like the invicta watches you might have problems closing the box .
 Very nice construction ; plenty of room to hold larger watches . Overall , a quality product that I would recommend . the pillows for the watches are nicely done as well .
 I bought this along with a watch for my husband 's birthday . He was forever misplacing his watches and I thought this would be a great way to corral them . I was pleasantly surprised that the compartments are big enough for some of his casual watches with big leather cuff-like straps . He removed a couple of the cushions and uses those compartments for cuff links and collar stays . Overall , a very nice , affordable way to organize men 's accessories !
 I use this to hold my watches and other Jewelry . Its masculine for a man and looks great . Its very durable and I 'd recommend it any day . I was sceptical over other watch cases , but this one keeps everything from getting scratched and holds anything and everything .
 Very nice cost/benefit item , beautiful and functional , its a nice way to have all your watches stored in the same place in an elegant and fancy way , without paying more for this ! Really soft and fine interior . I really recommed it ! I 've would have given 5 stars if it was real leather ... but , looks great anyway !
 hola buen dia la caja porta relojes es de excelente calidad con buenos acabados y el tama & ntilde ; o justo para cada reloj.gracias
 The watch box was as described and was in fact exactly what I wanted for a price far less than a similar but inferior one I found in a retail shop . Delivery was faster than stated and so , as you might imagine , I am completely satisfied with this vendor and my purchase
 Very nice watch box with a lot of storage . Comes with a lock key which is a + . Great buy !
 I finally found an affordable , yet well constructed watch box . I highly recommend this . The box is solid and very nice to look at . Yes , as some other reviews of this brand have mentioned the pillows are not quite pillows , but more of a more hard semi-square . But I do not let this overshadow the value and the quality product that this company has produced . If you are looking for a convenient , secure , well-built product I highly recommend this . But do not expect a thousand dollar product for this price . You get what you pay for , and in this case it 's an exceptional value .
 I was very impressed with the quality of this product . I had been looking around for a watch storage box that looked nice and was sturdy . I also liked that it had a lock and key .
 This is a beautiful watch box inside and out . Some of the larger watches in style right now were a little tight fit , but for normal style watches , it is perfect . My son loves it .
 My son in law loved it . It was made well a nd looks nice to set atop a dresser . Good male gift .
 bought this as a gift and he loved it . It was made of good quality and it arrived pretty quickly . Would definitely recommend it . .
 I was looking for a stylish sports watch to fit my needs for work . I ride jumping horses and teach all day so a sturdy & comfortable watch is a must . I have not had the watch for more than a month and it is holding up fantastically . You can say my job can be a bit brutal on watches . So far I have to say I am impressed with it . I was interested in the Nike bracelet style watch but after reading the reviews of how flimsy it was , I decided upon this one . I am very happy with this purchase . It is durable , visible , & stylish .
 Always get compliments on this watch as it 's both beautiful and has just the right amount of sparkle for me . It 's also waterproof and very sturdy . I 've never had any problems with it , except that it 's always admired so I have to keep a close eye on it . ; -RRB-
 This it is the second clock that I buy of this line of casio , is a good clock , not only with instructive a easy one to undeste . . the use and the functions well that brings they adapt to almost any place of the world , has the configuration to see the states of the moon . the thermometer , is spectacular , single that is affected until certain point by the corporal temperature , CASIO indicates it in the manual , and gives recommendations to obtain readings but agreed , it is possible to be said that it is somewhat heavy clock , I do not recommend that they use it very fit to the wrist . the clock that I had previous was very easy to border , this has a cover but they resist . I recommend it .
 Watch has been accurate till now , temperature given correct reading and world time is very helpful . The hunting timer is hard to understand but once you get it , it is fairly simple and very helpful .
 After using the timex ironman series , 42 lap analog digital watch , I decided it was about time I changed it . After looking through so many ana-digi watches , I was about to stop searching because I just couldnt find any that I liked . Until I stumbled upon this quite by chance.It had everything that I liked , a detailed digital display , an analog display and the case was made of stainless steel and it looked professional.The digital display is quite small but big enough to be readable unless you have eye problems . The indiglo feature is also quite good and lights up the entire screen and the afterglow features keeps it lit for 3 seconds . The ` auto light on ' feature is an excellent addition , tilt the watch towards your face and the face lights up ! It has the other usual features expected in a watch - stopwatch , timer and alarm.It also features a thermometer which is somewhat accurate if setup correctly . It also records temperatures over a period of time which can be accessed later.Another good feature for travellers is the time zone feature . Simply setup the time zone you 're in and then change the time zone as you travel.The hunting and moon phase features may not be useful for the majority of us and I personally havent used those features.I only had two problems with the watch , one was the strap , the strap is probably one of the most hideous I 've seen in a watch , its supposed to be a camouflage strap but most people wouldnt like it . I resolved the problem by fitting it with a duplicate strap which instantly made the watch look a whole lot betterSecond , setting of the analog hands is a pain , the watch doesnt have the stem used to set the time , it has to be done by buttons . If you overshoot the time you want to set it to , you have to wait until it turns a whole 12 hours to set it to the time you want to set it to.Overall its an excellent watch with a whole lot of features and gives the best bang for the buck !
 The watch comes with a cmuflage bracelet , I did not like that . The digital numbers are sometimes hard to read under certain light conditions . Over all , I liked the watch .
 I bought this watch recently , it appears to be good . It has multi - function digital , the best feature is when you turn your wrist it the dial lights up automatically . Prompt delivery and amazing product to one 's collection .
 Bought the watch for mostly the moon phase function . After several months it has preform flawlessly . The temperature is affected by wearing close to the body but that is addressed in the owners manual . Overall I am very happy with the product .
 I purchased this watch basically for the looks , but then realized that it had every feature I could possibly want , from a graph of the day 's temperatures to a diagram of the cycles of the moon . The two negatives I found were 1 -RRB- The band is hideous and very flimsy , and the pins that hold it on are practically made of tin foil . However , I resolved this by purchasing a sturdy metal band that added a couple hundred dollars to the appearance of the watch . 2 -RRB- The digital display is somewhat hard to read when it is not mid-day , but that is what the backlight is for , and you ca n't miss the silver analog hands . Also , the hands glow in the dark so you technically never need to use the light . Overall , I could not be more satisfied with this watch after a simple band upgrade .
 I compared the prices over Amazon and a local merchant in Phila . PA , it was indeed cheaper in Amazon.com . Delivary was excellent in speed and the watch is just great . Very useful though and provides me with dual time which I need for my travel .
 The watch I purchased recently on Amazon was a very good buy . The watch meets all the requirements my boyfriend had for the watch .
 Exactly as described . Very stylish , slight disappointment in the strength of the clasp and limited adjustment for wrist size .
 Pretty much what you see is what you get , a sturdy all-steel watch of great quality and looks , not too big , not too heavy , yet it 's sized for a men , it really looks upmarket , elegant and simple design with a chronograph and calendar -LRB- the calendar goes up to 31th everytime , so you 'll have to adjust it in february -RRB- . So far not a single thing I can fault this watch for in my 4 years of happy ownership , even more at the price I paid -LRB- $ 60 Duty Free at Bogot&aacute; 's El Dorado Airport in Dec/2008 -RRB- . The watch looks amazing even after 4 years -LRB- just yesterday I got complimented about my `` new '' watch , and it happens a lot -RRB- and it 's quite solid , I just do n't bathe myself wearing it to prevent any chemicals/soap to stack on the belt . The crystal is recesed into the steel dial so it 's well protected from blunts and scratchs . Oh , btw , the average battery time is of 2 years , which I think is quite long , and at $ 1 a battery it is n't much of a expense -LRB- as long as you replace them yourself , Amazon also sells the tool to easily open the back of the watch -RRB- . I say I 've got a lot for my money so far , if you like the looks get the watch , it will be a happy experience with this Casio product , and quite a bargain too .
 I purchased this for my daughter for Christmas and she loves it . It has a very nice leather band and it seems to be holding up well .
 upon arrival one was already broke so contacted the company and they sent a replacement , so they are good and still wearing them , hold up great
 The product arrived fast , and arrived as depicted . I am very happy with this product .
 Love the hoop . Only problem was it came open while taking off a sweatshirt over my head and I almost lost it . The edges do catch on clothes if not careful .
 This is a very handsome watch , kind of retro-looking and very stylish . The dial is pretty easy to read . The band is comfortable to wear .
 I bought my Tag eight years ago and have worn it for scuba diving , skiing , exercising , and eating at top French restaurants . Every two or three years I change the battery ; otherwise it needs no attention and has performed flawlessly . The only annoying things with the watch are -LRB- i -RRB- the bezel is difficult to grip with wet fingers or dive gloves , and -LRB- ii -RRB- there is insufficient contrast between the dial face and the hands when you 're underwater , which makes it difficult sometimes to read the time . These two limitations are a function of the fact it was designed more to be fashionable than functional - but it does function pretty well regardless.Many people -LRB- men and women -RRB- have commented over the years on how attractive the watch is . I wanted a watch that would be able to go wherever I went and be appropriate regardless of conditions . I also wanted something that was n't too fussy . The Tag has served me well and I do n't envisage replacing it anytime soon .
 I 've had this watch for I think 6 years . The band was beautiful , but I wore it so much that the band got too sweaty smelling and so I moved the watch onto a different band . The watch itself has always kept perfect time and has taken quite a bit of abuse -LRB- the glass is heavily scratched from use -RRB- but still keeps working fine . EXCEPT that the digital seconds in the face of the watch stopped working after a few years . Still , I love it . I am thinking of even buying the same watch again as I am looking for a new one right now , just because that band and watch are so worn out looking .
 Had this watch a very long time . Only thing they did n't tell me is that it is solar powered , so that took a lil time to figure out why it was n't running .
 The watch I received was Damaged , and failed to work beyond the flashing seconds in the face plate.But it 's a fossil watch , and while they were still making thick leather cuffs this was one of the best . The cuff fit comfortably and was pretty to look at.I cant give this five starts since my hands refused to moved , so I cant say I had it for too long . But at the very least it did look very attractive
 The watch is beatiful and simply perfect . I just love it !!!!!!! Its features are also incredibly good . It is water resistant up to 50 meters . -LRB- Which is really great because I shop around for watches and most of them are only water resistant up to 30 meters . -RRB- Every pre-teen and tennage girl should have one of these awesome watches !
 i had always liked this watch and it was given to me as a birthday gift.i am 20 + and i think it looks trendy for my age.i have received many compliments and it seems to match most of my outfits.the only dislike was the strap looked a little worn out when i got it and not as bright as in the picture shown in amazon.Not sure if this is how it looks otherwise too , since i did not find one in the retail stores to compare.Overall a fine watch , battery is good and the strap is durable.the top covering glass is scratch proof.Haven t tried it underwater .
 I think edox watches are the highest in quality , style and funcionality . The price I got from Jacobtime.com was the lowest on the entire web ! Highly recomended .
 This is a very nice case that I use for travel . A very well made case with quality construction . The only negative I can find is that some of my larger watches do n't fit too well and the leather bands with bands with clasp closures must be taken apart in order to be put in the case .
 I found this clock in a high end luggage store locally and the price was $ 110.00 , I did not buy this luckily because it had a tiny scratch on the frame . Checked the other store and they did not have one either , and I had to have this clock , it was my lucky day , I found it here at Amazon for so much less and came in mint conditon and the packaging was perfect , I had to ship it to overseas to my son and he loved it !!!! This is truly a beautiful clock and the leather traveling case is unique . Great gift for anyone.Fantastic Buy , Amazon is always cheaper when price matching .
 I bought this clock two years ago as a gift and my wife is still happy with it ... no complains . .
 One of the nicest braille watches I 've ever bought . Well worth the money . does n't even look different than a normal , women 's watch . Looks dressy and simple at the same time . Real easy to feel the dots inside , as well .
 I like this watch a lot . It has a regular-size quite lovely face and an easily-adjustable leather band . The only complaint I have is that it was advertised as water resistant to 60 feet . I bought it because I have been known on occasion to forget to take my watch off when I swim in the ocean . However , when I read the information that came with the watch , I learned that not only is it not the least bit water resistant , but it is suggested to even take it off while washing dishes . I paid the big price for water resistance and was disappointed at the misleading advertising . However , since the watch works well and I like it , I decided to keep it .
 this watch was recommended to me by an old mobility teacher . I ordered one in 2006 , and still have it , going strong ! A black face , raised dots , and a tight-closing case , makes this the best braille watch I 've ever used . It has lasted 4 years , and does n't see a sign of giving up , just like its blind owner .
 The watch was the perfect gift . My wife has at least 3 other watches that just were not suitable for every day use.This watch was just what we needed . Not cheap , looks good , and does not get in the way.She loved it , so it made me ahero .
 I love this watch . It looks nice and is not too big . The hands are easy to feel and not so short that you ca n't tell which hour it is . It fits well even on my small wrist . If you 're looking for a nice Braille watch , you wo n't be disappointed with this one .
 My friend was very pleased with this watch , she recently lost her sight and knowing she does n't have to ask for the time anymore made her happy .
 great product -- just as advertised . arrived very quickly and worked as soon as i took it out of the box . thanks much
 Excelente producto , de la mejor calidad y muy buena marca .100 % recomendado , muy buen vendedor.La transacci&ograve;n se realiz&ograve; exitosamente .
 I would recommend buying from this supplier , Thank you and good luck
 My wife bought this for me as an anniversary present well over a year ago . Pictures can not possibly do this watch justice . I wear this all day , every day and it looks just as good now as it did the day I took it out of the box . I still look at high end watches in jewelry stores just because I like watches . I have yet to see anything that I prefer over what 's already on my wrist . This includes brands like Omega , Rolex and Breitling . Like I said , I wear this constantly . This watch is incredibly durable - even after a year of contant wear it does n't show . I ca n't recommend this enough .
 I am a Timex Ironman plastic watch guy . I travel all over the world and have always wanted a nice dress watch for work . I have several Seiko watches and like them very much , but they are not exactly a `` nice watch . '' I have been tracking Tag Heuer watches for about 5 years . I 'd walk into stores look at the various watches , check the prices and get depressed that they were full price . I 'd also check the internet off and on to see if I could find a deal , but always worried about whether the watches were actually gray market watches -LRB- ?? -RRB- I ended up with the two-tone Aquaracer . I actually wanted a silver watch , but since this was a nice watch and I probably would need it to match my gold wedding ring during nice occasions , so I went with two-tone . I am so happy with this watch ! When I took it to the Jewelry kiosk to get the band sized , the guy said `` this is a nice watch . '' It was a bit heavier than my past watches , but once I got it sized and wore it a few times , I am extremely happy with this watch !
 This is a classic watch and it holds up to daily wear . I like how it looks on my husband and it is n't a very heavy watch .
 This was a completely satisfactory purchase . The watch , advertised as used , was brand new , only had been returned to purchaser for a different model . All original packaging was included , it was securely wrapped and delivered in a timely manner . A trememdous buy , and further promotes my faith in Amazon !
 I started getting compliments on it immediately . It looks and feels great , great luminescent indicators on the dial for after dark . I usually do n't like Tag as much as Breitling but this is a great watch and is not too expensive as nice watches go . Obama uses it to rule the world and Tiger uses it to pick up waitresses so you ca n't go wrong . The price fluctuates on here ... I have seen it go as low as $ 1,050 on Amazon but I bought mine at $ 1,190 on here . They sell quickly so I had to keep monitoring Amazon for new ones to come in and at the right price . Sometimes you will see the price in the 1300 range and will also see used ones on here but not for much less . This is a great gift idea and they have one that is very similar for women too . It is battery operated and I am told that the initial battery should last 3-5 years . You have to have it replaced by pros to get the water tight seal again , etc. . I was warned not to take this in a hot tub , sauna or shower . Something about the heat and steam causing problems for it . It 's called Aquaracer but I would n't really use it in the pool for laps either - it 's too nice .
 Great watch ! Keeps great time and looks fantastic . Be aware that you will probably need to get the band adjusted when you get it , so either buy the tool to add a link -LRB- links are included in the box -RRB- or be prepared for the expense -LRB- $ 20 in NJ -RRB- .
 I purchased this watch because I wanted a nice looking , high quality watch that I could wear at all times including swimming and snorkeling -LRB- since I live in Florida and visit the Caribbean frequently -RRB- . The watch is jewelry-quality and workman-like at the same time . There is no feeling or sense of delicacy/fragility about it . I can wear it with everything from my swimming suit to a business suit and do everything from business presentations to working in the yard.The entire purchase experience was first class and the watch is everything I could ask for . Plus it was at least $ 300 cheaper than anywhere else on the web !
 Purchased this watch and have been very pleased with it , was delivered quickly and I saved a bunch !
 Watch arrived on the early end of the delivery estimated dates , and came in great condition !
 I 've had my Aquaracer for a short while now and I really love it.This is my second Tag and I 'm looking forward to not having to buy batteries every 8 or 9 months , since this watch is `` automatic '' and should self-wind with regular wear.Some have mentioned that the watch will need regular maintenance -LRB- perhaps every year or two -RRB- to maintain the automatic mechanism . This was n't mentioned to me at the point of sale . I suspect I will just let it go and see how long it runs without problems.The watch itself is really beautiful , one of the nicest looking Tag 's I think.The blue background is not a solid blue , it looks like metallic blue with tiny gray or silver dots creating a very tiny grid-work . The result , to my eye , is that the blue background takes on different shades of deep blues depending on the light and the viewing angle . All these colors have a beautiful , and lustrous effect to them.The dial is very easy to read . That was one of the reasons I was attracted to the watch . No extra dials or gizmos to confuse your eye , just nice big hands and nice big marks on all the hours.The glow-in-the dark material , which is implemented as tiny strips centered in the silver hour marks , gives off a very faint greenish color by day . To me this is a very beautiful contrast with the blue background.The crystal , which is synthetic sapphire , is very clear and I love the anti-glare aspect of it . I hope it as anti-scratch as I have been lead to believe . Apparently it is only scratchable by diamonds or certain cutting materials which one should not normally encounter.I teach aerobics and wear this watch during class . It gets lots of waving around , bumping , and quick-stop impact during various exercises and so far it seems none the worse for wear . I have not yet tested it under water ... honestly I 'm a little worried about doing so . Other expensive `` water resistant '' watches I have had have proven to not be so resistant afterall , and I 'd hate to mess this watch up.The band is very comfortable and it has what I would call a double latch mechanism , which theoretically should lessen the chances of the watch unlatching and falling off your wrist.The watch is not cheap , but is less so than many Tag 's and comparable watches . It the favorite of all my watches now . I have 4 in total that were all priced over $ 1,000.00 , just to give a frame of reference.I 'll create a new post in a few months or years after I can see the longevity of the watch .
 I 've had this watch for about 6 years now , and it 's still going strong . I wear it every day . I work in an office , but I do wear it when I 'm doing housework and yard work , and so far the aesthetics are holding up . The band and housing have become dulled by the many tiny scratches that occur with normal wear , but I think this is entirely normal . I was definitely concerned about it when I first got it , but you forget about it over time and eventually it just becomes the `` look '' of the watch . The main thing , is that there 's not a SINGLE scratch on the crystal , and I 've hit it on some pretty bad stuff.When I purchased the watch , the salesman told me that I 'd periodically have to send the watch in for repairs , as the automatic functions of the watch require maintenance . He ballparked it at every 5-6 years or so . But it 's been 6 years so far , and it still keeps great time . I do have to periodically readjust the time though , even with daily wear . It seems the time actually runs faster than normal time , which is odd ... . I guess I 'd rather be a few minutes early than late!I bought it new at a mall watch/jewelry store . I do n't know if you get this same deal anymore , but when I sent in my TAG registration card for buying at a legitimate store , they send you a `` free '' TAG Heuer hat in the mail.Overall , this is the first `` expensive '' watch I 've ever owned , and I 'm very pleased with it.PROS - Automatic function means never having to buy batteries . - Crystal is very strong , has n't scratched on me yet . - Keeps pretty accurate time , only requiring occasional readjustment.CONS - If this is your daily wear watch , the band and housing will scuff up . Not a big deal to me , but maybe to some . - Automatic function means having to wear the watch at least for a little while each day . If you leave the watch on your desk for much over a day , then you 'll have to reset the time . - Have to send the watch in for maintenance instead of battery changes ... pick your poison .
 I 've had my Tag Automatic 200 meter for about 7 years now and I 've never had a problem with it . I always take my watch off at night and it keeps the perfectly for at least 12 hours . In fact I often do n't wear it for a 24 hour period on the weekend and find that it still continues to run and keep time . Only after about 48 hours of not wearing it does it start to lose time or stop running.While I do sit in an office every day I also own 5 rental properties and do a lot of my own maintenance . Coupled with that I also used to work for a landscaping company every summer mowing lawns -LRB- for about 5 yrs during the 7 yrs I 've owned this watch -RRB- . I 've bashed this watch up against chain-link fences , concrete walls , wood , power tools , etc. . . and it has held up very well . Amazingly I still ca n't find a scratch on the crystal , however the metal now bears a lot of scratches from all of that use and abuse . The watch still looks great though overall , and runs perfectly . Really it just could use a deep cleaning after 7 solid years of use . In or out of the pool , shower , etc. . , nothing seems to stop it.I would highly recommend this watch . It really is a great value for the price , and has held up even under rigorous use .
 I bought this watch a couple of weeks ago and am quite happy with it . The blue face it quite attractive and it keeps good time . The self wind reserve is enough to keep it running over night when I 'm not wearing it and well into the next day if I do n't put it on early . So far it has n't run down off my wrist.The glow in the dark hour marks are quite luminous at night making it easy to read the time in any ambient light.When it arrived the band was too big and I took it to a local jewelry store and for $ 10 they removed 3 links .
 The face of this watch is truly scratch proof . The band , not so much . This watch is everything I hoped it would be . Pretty awesome . It 's easy to tell the time . It looks good too .
 I bought this watch from Amazon , is a very good watch but the case is easy to scratch . I have a complain to amazon , the original external box/case -LRB- not the shipping box -RRB- where the watch comes was very dirty and the watch battery was dead , it was like if somebody started the chronograph until the batteries run out . The watch was new but somebody messed with it during handling/packaging . Besides that , it is working ok , the leather straps are very good quality . The crown is hard to set/select to adjust the time/date .
 If you are looking for a stylish yet practical everyday watch , look no further . I bought my TAG five months ago and have hardly taken it off in that time . It gets worn at the shops , doing the gardening , walking and washing the dog , doing the housework and bathing the kids and its been bashed a couple of times but has no marks or scuffs visible . This is my first TAG Heuer but I do n't think it will be my last . Oh , and by the way , in five months the time has stayed accurate to the second . I simply ca n't find any fault with it .
 I am very happy with my purchase , the watch exceeds my expectations and I would recommend it to anyone . The price at amazon is so much better then purchasing it at a jewelry store . I saved at least 600.00 to 800.00 dollars by purchasing this watch on amazon . None of the jewelry stores could discount their watches even by 150.00 . I am happy with amazon and my watch and I would recommend everyone purchase their Tag through amazon .
 I love this watch . It 's just a tad on the clunky side but I do n't mind , I think that accentuates being small boned and looks feminine , esp if you wear it a little loose . Amazon provided excellent communication regarding shipping -LRB- as usual -RRB- and I received this watch in just a few days . Also , I shopped all over the net and this was def the best deal . I 've always wanted a TAG and finally took the plunge . I 'm happy .
 I ca n't stop looking at my left wrist . . :--RRB- While on vacation in the Caribbean , I stopped in a Little Switzerland shop and this particular TagHeuer watch caught my eye . . When I returned to the States , I started doing research on the Internet and found the exact watch at Amazon for considerably less . . Well , I am a regular at Amazon and it did n't take long before I placed my order . Mmmmm . . this watch is truly the cat 's meow . . It 's beautiful/classy AND rugged/sporty at the same time . . NOW , my husband wants one too !!
 This turned out to be a great watch ! It fits perfectly on my arm & does not slide around or fall off . Excellent price & style .
 Luminox is a relatively recent brand that slaps its name on watches that someone else makes . I have an original luminox Navy Seal watch -LRB- also available from Smith & Wesson and a number of other `` manufacturers '' -RRB- , which I love . Both that watch and this one are waterproof , accurate and glow in the dark . Most watches glow in the dark if you shine light on them first . The big claim to fame of Luminox watches is that they glow in the dark all the time , through the use of a radioactive form of hydrogen called tritium.Here are some nitpicky things :1 , The watches are often erroneously marked as having a sapphire crystal face . My understanding is that they use mineral glass for the face , but neither of my watches have any significant scratches . The glass on the 715 watch protrudes over the top of the stainless steel case , and may be prone to scratching .2 , Tritium has a half-life of 12 years . That 's sufficiently short that I 've noticed my original Luminox is dimmer than when I first got it . The tritium in these watches is NOT harmful , as the type of radiation produced would not even penetrate skin , let alone the materials of the watch .3 , This watch is bigger than it appears in photos .4 , The resin strap is very thick and does not bend much for small wrists . However , unlike some of Luminox 's straps , it can be cut down for small wrists . So , I now have the bizarre situation that there 's plenty of room for my wrist , but it pinches at the bottom . Adjustment is permanent , and easy to get wrong , so take it slowly .5 , The Luminox seal is not printed on the dial , but just stuck on . Mine was stuck on at an angle ... 6 , The dial itself has tick marks on it , so that you can easily see which minute you are on . Unfortunately , these minute marks do not line up with the minute hand when the second hand is at 0 . Oh , and the second hand does not glow , unlike some other Luminox watches.Ok , so those are the small gripes . In the end , this watch looks good , if a little bigger than you might expect . It is also waterproof enough for swimming in a pool and showering . The case feels very solid , but the inner workings seem much flimsier than watches I 've had from this company in the past . My first was DOA and needed to be returned to Amazon , even after I had the battery replaced . On the second one , the dial is crooked and the second hand looks like it might fall off at any moment . All in all , this watch barely meets my expectations and I would think twice before ordering another watch from this company . But I do already own two , and you 'd be surprised how handy their -LRB- almost -RRB- unique glow-in-the-dark feature is .
 The Luminox Light Technology really work , is very easy to read the time at night
 A watch for dream with sky and sea , adventure with confidence and sensual cristal touch.A friend.A classic friend one .
 I bought an Invicta Men 's Pro Diver 2-tone 8934 . It is built like a tank , keeps perfect time and looks like a Rolex Submariner - only 1/100 of the cost . I am very pleased .
 Two years ago I bought the same invicta watch . Last month I dropped in the floor scratching the glass . I like it so much that I bought the same type again . The watch give you a very elegant touch .
 Size , weight , feel and classicRolex look ca n't be beat . So satisfied with this watch , I bought others as gifts .
 What a great watch . It is absolutely the best value for your money . Invicta stands up and surpasses watches $ 100 's and $ 1,000 more expensive .
 This is a nice looking watch for the price . Obviously , you 're not buying Rolex quality for $ 70 . For an all-metal watch , this watch is very lightweight . The band is made from hollow stamped steel pieces which are much lighter than the solid forged or cast pieces you see in fancier watches . The electric quartz Japanese watch movement is also much lighter than a mechanical watch movement . This works great as an everyday business-casual watch .
 Unnoticed by me , the luxuriant box in which the watch was packaged had a price sticker on it for $ 650 . After 30 years of knowing me , my wife thought that was what I paid for the watch until I assured her that I did n't . `` Well , you must have paid half of that anyway , '' she asserted.Should I tell her ? -LRB- In terms of what you want to know , the watch is a good value -- recommended whether or not you come clean on its price . -RRB-
 THis is a beautiful watch and an amazing value . This model has actually been discontinued , so the watch itself must have been sitting for quite some time . The battery went dead within about 2 weeks of arriving , but the $ 30 to change it did n't diminish how much I like the watch . STILL a great deal . I checked the price elsewhere , and did indeed verify that it retails for $ 650.00 . Other reviewers are correct - the box it arrives in is beautiful . Besides , who does n't love Bulova ?
 Love it !!!! Looks amazing and comes in an outstanding package -LRB- great for gifting ! -RRB- . Great deal on great item !!
 This was a gift for our daughter and she loves it . Great looking , very accurate and the price was right . I would buy it again if I needed it .
 The watch is gorgeous as others have said and it comes in a hard box - very impressive . It 's shinier than the picture led me to believe -LRB- I was picturing more of a `` worn gold '' look -RRB- - so it gets smudged quite easily . As I am new to Accutrons , my main question is whether or not the second hand is supposed to move only every 5 seconds . At about the 5 second mark , it sweeps ahead quickly and then waits another 5ish seconds . I 've googled Accutrons and they are known for their continuously sweeping -LRB- not ticking -RRB- hands - but I can find nothing about this particular `` feature . '' Therefore I 'm not sure if mine is faulty or if this is how it should be .
 I bought this watch as a present for my father in law . He is a fan of the same style watch made by seiko . I am a big invicta fan so I decided to get him an invicta instead of the seiko . It was a great a decision as he loved the watch . It is a very classy and beautiful watch . I highly recommend this to anyone that is in the market for this style of watch ; and you cant beat the price !!!!
 A truly beautiful watch . Spring bar clasp was simple to adjust . Amazon sale price was a great bargain . Highly recommended .
 Ca n't beat it for the price . Band was a little tricky to adjust . Could not do it myself . I had to bring it to a jeweler .
 I could n't tell from the descrition it was a mens watch . I ultimately ended up with a different invicta watch that I LOVE -LRB- ladies dome swiss -RRB-
 This watch is more beautiful in person . The details from the mother of pearl to the cabachons make this watch .
 I bought a Luminox 800 series watch in 2005 . I have worn it most everyday . I wear it with dress clothes , hiking , camping , hunting and scuba diving . I can read the time in total darkness . It has green tritium accents next to each number and an orange accent next to the number 12 so you can always tell the oriontation . The white numbers on black face makes it easy to read even though my eyes are not perfect anymore . It has a stainless steel case and band . The Sapphire crystal -LRB- tough -RRB- has never had a scratch to this day . I clean it buy dropping it in a glass of watch with a little liquid soap over night or I 'll drop it in the dishwasher on a hook . Never ever had any problem with it . I thought I had lost it a week ago and realized how important it was too me . I will never have any other watch .
 I absolutely love this watch ! It is a perfect size . I was previously looking at the Bulova Chronograph similar to this but when I saw it in the store ... it was alittle too fancy . This fits my needs for everything . It 's dressy enough to wear with nice clothes and casual enough to wear with jeans . I LOVE IT !
 I bought this watch as a birthday gift for my wife about 3 years ago . It has worked great and it looks great on her wrist . She loves it . I feel good about this purchase as it keeps on ticking . Still looks good on her wrist today . Easy to read . Great watch at a valued price .
 I usually buy Seiko and Citizen , but decided to try this one because I thought the dial would be bigger than the Seiko women 's version ... if it is bigger , it is n't by much ... but the magnifying glass over the date works great ... . very pleased with this watch !
 This has to be the very finest in reasonable priced beautiful watches . The parts areswiss and very fine.Assembly is in Germany.The catch is magnificent.Worth all of 1500 . Justin .
 I have had this watch three years now , and no problems with it.The battery last about 11/2 year on it , and cost very little -LRB- ~ $ 7 -RRB- to replace . I also have had to replace the inner seal once , but I still do n't submerge it.I wear this watch everyday , at work , at the gym , etc , and there are still no scratches on it at all . The only thing it that I bumped it somewhere and cracked the outer rim , but it 's barely noticeable . Now I do n't wear it in the shower , but I am just cautious like that.I also am still wearing the same band - white because its my favorite color - and it still is very sturdy.I would recommend this watch to anybody that has a active lifestyles , and is looking for a good watch to look good on a daily basis , and also for dressing up.Sometimes I still look at it and get that same feeling I had the first day I got it .
 It is a very nice watch . The only thing to mention is that through the web site I did n't notice there is a white coloured ring on the case and I would have prefereed the whatch without it
 After seeing this watch here on sale for 109.00 , I got one for myself and my coworker bought one for his wife . We both had some trouble when we got the watch because it appeared to be broken . When we tried to set the watch , the minute hand would n't work and seemed to be stuck . Luckily , we figured out that the dial just needed to be pulled out another notch . It has worked perfectly once it was set , and I 'm glad we did n't send them back!This watch looks nice on the wrist - kind of sporty with a hint of `` glam '' thanks to the small diamonds . The extra black wrist band is a really nice touch , and it 's very easy to switch the bands . In the picture they have shown now , the white band looks matte when infact there is a hint of shine in the leather . It is n't overly shiny though.I 'm glad I got this watch for the price paid , but would definitely not pay the price shown on the sticker which is 750.00 .
 I 've received soooo many comments about this watch . You can wear it with any outfit ; from gown to jeans and shirt . This watch retails at over $ 600.00 and I was lucky enough to purchase at only around $ 150.00 . Well worth the price !!
 I previewed a lot of watches and found this one the most attractive . I have a bit of nostalgia with Accutron . Also , my local jewelers told me it was a quality line , so that sealed my decision . I tried to support a local jeweler and buy it there , but he told me he could n't compete with amazon 's price on this model . This watch has performed very well and looks just as good as its picture .
 One of the best watches I have ever owned . Nice to look at . It 's not too large and overpowering . The white face is very easy to read . The night viewing is also excellent . Can be read easily with no light at all . Ca n't go wrong with this watch . I have owned it for almost a year and a half and have not had any problems at all .
 This is a good watch . The quality should be good anyways coz its Kenneth cole and the looks are good as wellas that would be the major concern . Its just a matter of what style u prefer . My girlfriend really liked it . She was very happy .
 It 's very pretty cool watch , my wife love it , good size , the color is the same at you watch in your screen .
 This watch is simply amazing . Not only is it thin , lightweight , but it 's also very sleek in design and comfort . It 's very contemporary , yet has a very timeless look to it . The only feature I wish it included is a light of some sort , otherwise it is pretty sweet . The date and time display is very creative and fun to see if others can tell which is which .
 Great watch , it is easy to set up , nice looking , fells very confortable ... As seem on the photo
 I bought this watch for my teenage daughter and she loves it . She likes the lime-green color , and the lightweight and small band . She wears it everyday !
 I bought this watch for my son-in-laws birthday and he loved it . The watch was very substantial and looked like a very expensive watch .
 This was to replace the same watch that my husband had had for 4 years before it just stopped . We replaced the battery but it only worked for a few days and stopped again . My husband loves this watch and was really heart broken when it stopped working . It was a fathers day gift from his son . So I looked on Amazon and found it . I ordered it in Feb. and gave it to him for Valentines day . Her was very very happy . : -RRB-
 I spotted this watch at a duty free shop at Dubai and it would n't let go until I owned it . It is very eye catching with a rectangular , yet curvy design . Black and silver with a polyurethane strap , it is rather chunky -LRB- which I like -RRB- yet I hardly notice it on my wrist.The numbers are a stylish silver-tone , the hands are luminous , the digital display can show time , date -LRB- which I 've set mine to do -RRB- , elapsed time , and an alarm . Setting is a breeze , just follow the instructions in the manual . Oh , and it is water resistant to 100 feet . I love it !
 my wife got me this watch as a gift , and its really becoming one of my favorite watches . And trust me , , i have plenty of good watches.u can wear this anytime anywhere , its elegant and sporty . dont get scared by its size , its very comfy . i luv this watch . However , it is not the best watch u could ever get . overall , i recommend it this watch
 It 's a very nice watch but in the picture it looks casual where as it is actually very dressy . Overall , it is a good watch !
 This was a Christmas present , and it matched perfectly for the type of watch asked for
 the watch is very sport and elegance , very people say you watch is nice ... !!!! Combined with any elegant clothes , casual and sports
 this one looks good , but there is a little problem as per me . the chain is a little thick and heavy for this to be a ladies watch . however the chrams look good on it and if someone can carry it then it should be a good choice .
 I always regarded Seiko watches as high quality and value and this one is no exception . The watch keeps time very good for a mechanical watch . It is a nice looking watch , the white checkered dial with silver-tone hands and hour markers is really nice . Shipping was extra fast , it was shipped right away after payment . An email with tracking number was sent . No complaints , will buy from this company again .
 This watch is so pretty that I have to admit that I made the right choice.The watch is sleek and has a modern look.This watch is very appropriate for people with slender wrists .
 I purchased this item because I needed a summer watch with a white strap and I own other watches by Kenneth Cole . It shows well and runs great . The only drawback is there are no numbers on the face and I have to look closely to see the time . I would recommend purchasing this item .
 It was gift for my boyfriend AND he love it and i love it .
 I 've owned this watch for probably 5 years now and wear it everyday . I love the way it feels . It 's not super lightweight like some of the titanium thin watches , which is the reason I bought it . I like to feel the watch on my wrist . I was n't very gentle with mine and after 5 years the glass on the face fractured and I had to remove it . I am now looking for another watch , but this one was great while I had it .
 Bought this for my husband after another Kenneth Cole watch of his stopped working , , , this one is very classy looking - hoping the face and silver does n't scratch as easy as the other one did !
 The watch is very nice , the price is nice and the service was also very good .
 Overall , I 'm happy with the purchase . The only con is the fact that i have received it with empty batteries , so I had to change them . That involves opening the watch , so I can kiss my warranty goodbye now . But , overall , I find it a good purchase .
 Watch is just as good looking in person as on the picture . Works great have had it for 2 months now . Dials are not as hard to see on the darker face numbers standout better .
 I 've had this watch for over 3 years and I love it ! It looks very professional on your wrist without seeming flashy , which is exactly the look that I was going for . I 've gotten several compliments over the years from people who have noticed it . It works well in the dark , too . I never use the day/night indicator at the bottom , but I do like having the day of the month one . The battery on it lasted for about 3 years before it died on me recently , but it looks like I have to take it to a watch shop to get the battery changed out as there does n't appear to be a way for me to chaneg it out myself . Other than that , I highly recommend this watch .
 This watch was exactly what I was looking for . Something I could wear everyday that goes with everything.Initially when I did recieve the watch the battery did have to be replaced within the first couple of weeks but the retailer had me send it back and he replaced it for free.I 've recieved so many compliments on the watch and it looks sharp . Its not oversized and its actually more flat . This would be a perfect present for any male 16-35 . And trust me the lucky guy will love it !
 I like the angle ; makes it much easier to read . Numbers do n't need to be stretched - get the one w / normal numbers . Buttons easy to use -LRB- not sticky like some -RRB- . One bad thing
 Purchased this watch as a gift , and it looks great -- just as nice as in the photo -LRB- maybe even moreso -RRB- . It arrived VERY quickly . I would definitely shop from this seller again !
 Beautiful , and comfortable ! I get so many comments when I am wearing my wolf watch , I recommend anyone who wants attention to the wrist , to get the watch ! : -RRB-
 The face of the 9204 is deep purple/blue pearl . The bezel is mirror polished with semi-gloss silver numbers over a semi-gloss indigo blue background . The face and bezel colors do n't seem like they would work together but they do . The case is mirror polished on the side with a satin finish on top . The logo stamped crown screws down with marginal effort and seems to seat smoothly . The name INVICTA is deeply engraved in the case side at the 9:00 position . The case size is listed in the below specs as 40mm but is actually 38mm and is nicely proportional to the band . The band itself has mirror polished center links with satin outer links . These outer links have mirror polished sides . The strap is graduated from 18mm at the case to 15mm at the clasp . The clasp itself is 19mm wide by 35mm long and is a standard double lock affair , well executed with no overtly protruding edges . The clasp finish is thoughtfully satin on top to hide the inevitable scratches with mirror polished sides and the INVICTA name and winged logo engraved across it . All adjusting spring loaded and wire pins seat solidly . The hour and minute hands are perfectly aligned to the hash marks with the second hand landing dead center of each marker as well . Set to the US atomic clock five days ago it has gained slightly less than one second in the interim.My single complaint is the date magnifier . It is poorly positioned and is not as strong as I would like.Bottom line
 I gave it 5 stars based on its value to dollar . I bought this watch to cover me while my 5 year old Tag Heuer Formula One goes in the shop for a broken crown protector . The Invicta is not as high quality as my Tag but for 69.95 its really good . I have worn it for a week thus far and put it through a lot of abuse . I have showered , swam and worked with it on and never take it off as I have done with my Tag and it has not a mark on it . It has keeped excellent time and has only a few light scratches on the clasp -LRB- normal wear -RRB- . The case is a little smaller than I expected but not bad . The dial is a deep blue - almost dark purple . Easy to read . The bracelet seems sturdy and secure . It is well worth the money at 69.95 . Enjoy !!
 The watch is as described with one exception , in the description it states a screw down crown , it does not have one . That said the watch is great looking and is not too bulky so it 's perfect for someone looking for a slightly smaller dive watch . I have not immersed it in water yet and would definitely be skeptical to dive with it because of the crown . I changed to a leather band and really like the looks . All in all for the price you ca n't go wrong .
 Very attractive watch . Love the deep bluish/purple face . Screw down crown is a nice feature on this price watch . Very nice weight and heft . Looks much more expensive than it was . Rotating bezel a bit hard to rotate - very slick and hard to grip to turn it . Seems to be freeing up after using it some . Keeps excellent time . Luminescent hands and dial work well . One minor complaint is that the band seems to scratch relatively easy .
 Re
 I 've had this watch for 5 years now . still working perfectly fine . I only changed the battery once in the last 5 years . not bad , aye ?
 I bought this watch for my stepson for Christmas , and he loves it . The face is a beautiful cool violet-blue and contrasts wonderfully with the silver/chrome band . It has a solid feel to it . My stepson has long , slim arms and this watch looks just right on him , since the crown is not too large & gaudy.This watch is elegant enough for special occasions , yet practical for daily wear . I am very pleased with this purchase and would recommend to anyone .
 I read a number of the reviews on here before purchasing this watch . Yes , the color is a blue/purple , but it is beautiful . Yes , the face is smaller than a typical chronograph men 's watch , but that it what this model is supposed to be . It is not small like a woman 's watch , though . It is the same size as my Rolex and Seiko watches . Even though this is a pretty inexpensive watch , I was impressed by all the detail they put on the face of the watch . Plus , the band and face were covered in a plastic protective covering which I thought was a nice touch . Someone mentioned the band is a `` two tone '' finish . That is true , and again , I think it looks great.The box it came in was very nice . Thought the yellow color was a little odd -LRB- not sure why anyone would pick bright yellow for a watch box -RRB- , but no big deal . I had to get a couple of links taken out for it to fit me properly . I took it to a local jeweler rather than mess with it myself.So , if you are looking for a watch that resembles a Rolex Submariner , only about $ 8,000.00 cheaper , I highly recommend this watch . I have only had it a few days , so I am not sure how long it is going to hold up -LRB- you can purchase an extended warranty through Invicta -RRB- , but I hope it holds up for quite a while .
 This watch is in great condition looks just like the picture . No problems with it so far except when I tried to set the time the pin came out completely . I 've only had it for a month so far and it works great .
 Bought this as a Christmas gift for my son in law , now I want one . The pics don.t do it justice . The beautiful blue dial is a little lighter than what I see on my monitor and is easy to read . The band seems well made and is very comfortable .
 This is my third Invicta watch and i so happy with it !! . There are two versions of this watch , if you find the one that is for about $ 90 something dollars , that one has a bigger timepiece than this one . But this one is just as good especially if you have small hands . it still has a good weight on it and you will get compliaments .
 Completely happy with this watch . For Under 50 bucks it looks great . Hands and numbers are bright enough to see after many hours of darkness . No Screw down crown , but did n't expect it at this price point.I 've had it around 3 weeks and so far so good .
 The pictures they use to show off this watch definitely do not do it justice . The watch itself is a deep violet purple while the outer ring is a light navy blue . Next , the band and the rest of the watch is high-end stainless steel that feels very solid when you wear it.The watch face is surprisingly hard to scratch
 Some people are saying this watch is too small , I disagree , it 's a perfect size . Others are saying it looks purple . Again I disagree . Mine looks blue , although outside in bright sunshine I can see a purple tint . Beautiful watch , mine has been working perfectly . oOnly 2 cons - it does n't stay illuminated it the dark long and the clasp is alittle difficult to get off at first but loosens up with use .
 I liked the first one so much that I bought a second one after it broke -LRB- my fault - it did n't survive a 10 ' fall -RRB-
 I was looking for a nice looking watch that is waterproof since I like to do a lot of water sports . I received the Invicta 9204 Pro Diver a couple of weeks ago and I 've been very impressed by the quality . I did n't want a really large watch because I often run or play tennis with my watch and this one is a nice balance between too big and too small . The finish of the watch and crystal is very nice and the dark background on the face looks great . It arrived in a very impressive box -LRB- would be great for a gift -RRB- . I also ca n't believe the price -LRB- I paid less than $ 60 -RRB- . I have n't taken it diving yet , but it is rated for 200 meters depth .
 I love this watch ! I 've had it for about a month now , and it has n't perceptibly lost any time . It looks great , and I love that the face is almost a deep purple .
 This is a great product . Love these watches . Packaged great and everything I expected . Will be purchasing more in the future .
 This is the second Invicta watch my boyfriend has owned . He loves these watches so much . Great Product !!!
 Overall an excellent product . The only issue is the date and time settings . The instructions created confusion by indicating to set the date you need to pull out the crown to the first position and the clock will stop . I tried pulling out the crown and it would not budge . After some choice words to the watch - I tried to unscrew the crown and it popped out . Tried to find a crown position where the clock stops . Only stops at the second position to set the time . After more choice words directed to the watch - pushed the crown in to the 1st position and turned the crown counter clock wise and the date changes . This process took about 15 - 25 frustrating minutes . I found out about the unscrewing of the crown buried in the section that covers all Invicta products . Bottom line - if the instructions were more specific and correct - the process would have taken 2 minutes and I bet this watch 's rating would jump a full star . Hopefully this info eases other purchasers pain in the future .
 Sporty stainless steel diver watch with `` Invicta Blue '' face . Date complication at the 3:00 position with bubble magnifier . I love this watch , you can wear it with just about any outfit . It is of solid construction , can take whatever you dish out to it and still look like new .
 I purchased this watch for a friend who needed a waterproof watch to use while running and at work -LRB- as a bartender -RRB- . She loves it because it is sturdy , waterproof and -LRB- best of all -RRB- is very attractive . This watch does not look like a heavy duty diver 's watch , it is small and looks delicate . And it is very reasonably priced -- though I did n't tell her that .
 I really love this watch . I was n't sure how much I would like it . I thought that it might be too `` chunky '' for me from the pictures , but it is smaller than I expected . The face is not too masculine or overpowering . I really like the date feature with the little magnifying window . The blue color of the face is very attractive and makes the time easy to read . I had to adjust the band significantly downward . I am not a `` tiny '' person -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 10 '' -RRB- so I suspect very petite women might find it hard to get the band to fit properly . It 's easy to read , comfortable , and classy looking . Just right !
 Took a few days to get this watch to let me set it correctly . Read a review about having to unscrew the crown . Did that a number of times and it just would n't work , would only turn about 1/2 way . Tried it one last time before I returned it and it worked . The stem popped out and it works great . Difficult to set the date and a little hard to see it with the magnification but I do n't really care about that . This is a beautiful watch . Got many complements the first day I wore it to work . Just getting over the difficulty setting it and you have a good deal .
 I love my new Dive watch ; wear it all the time , not only for `` wet '' sports but for everyday too !! Pretty watch , good quality , good price , great transaction !!
 Christmas present for my Wife . She wanted something to wear to work , this completely fits the bill . Good looks , solid , no frills , and so far durable ! Highly recommend !
 It is actually smaller than what you think but it is such an AMAZING watch and i received great service . I will enjoy it so much!Thank you !
 Just got back from my first dive trip with this watch and loved it ! I did a total of 12 dives and got down to 100 feet , took many swims in the pool , ocean and hot tub and did not have a single issue with this watch . My boyfriend had a fancy , expensive watch - which got water in it and stopped working after the first dive . The bezel was easy to use to note when the dive started and ended . I actually wear the watch every day now as I absolutely love it . I have to admit that I 'm not one to wear any jewelry in the water and it was very cool to never have to worry about this watch - and to always know what time it was - whether we were 60 feet underwater or hanging out in the hot tub !
 SOLID timepiece !!! Very attractive yet TOUGH . Stands up to a lot of abuse . Highly recommended seller !!
 My mom loves this little watch . nice finish and properly crafted . The battery did not last 8months though and for that i removed a star
 good quality for the price it was packed will except for no return receipt attached good condition , i bought this for a gift and they likes it
 Reloj muy elegante con acabados simples , pero finos que complementen su belleza y a un precio muy asequible .
 Bought this watch for my partner . She loves it . She is very active and wears the watch when she plays golf and kayaks . It 's tough , durable and stylish .
 I have had this watch for the last 3 years , recently changed the battery . Had to remove two of the links and fits perfectly . Not impressd with the bubble over the date and the numbers do n't glow in the dark -LRB- not an issue for me but some people might like that feature -RRB- , other than that no issues .
 everything was in good shape when package came in the mail as far as quality only time will tell . My first invicta watch
 My fiance loved the watch . She has never owned an invicta and she now wants another one . I guess I have to do some shopping !
 it was delivered as promised and in a wonderful package . only problem is size of wristband will need to take it to jeweler to have sized down for my wife 's small wrist .
 It was little large on my wrist when I bought it , but that was an easy fix . Even they guy who took the link off for me told me what a beautiful watch it is and great quality . He told me this company is really good . It is beautiful and fits just right for any size wrist . There is n't even a blemish or anything to complain about . I love this company because the watch arrived very quickly . My only question is what to do with the giant box it came in . All in all I recommend this watch to anyway .
 you cant go wrong with an Invicta . I got this one for my daughter . Its a Christmas gift . It was here right on time it is a very good looking watch ,
 I recently bought this watch for my Mother and she is very impressed for a watch of a cheap value to be at a decent quality . For any woman who likes to own a Divers watch but ca n't afford a Rolex or Omega - consider the Invicta 9177 ! . It does n't look or feel cheap .
 I absolutely love this watch ! I get compliments every time I wear it ... It 's dnought enough to wear with business clothes , but casual enough to wear with jeans . Perfect !
 this was a gift . it was perfect . a great price . great presentation . beautiful piece . i was very proud to be able to give it and the receipient was delighted to receive it ... could not have been better a good time washad by all .
 Watch was even prettier than the photo . It is a gift for my niece and I know she will love it .
 good looks , works well in almost a year of purchase , only recommend that the photo could see the details of the belt in order to decide either purchase
 This watch was everything i could hope for and more . What you see in the ad is what you get . Mine came in brand new and unbeliveably fast . The total time it took for the watch to come after i ordered it was only 4 days . -LRB- That 's not business days either folks . -RRB- The photo of the product does not show the entire wrist band unforfunately . The wirst band has two dragons on it that make this an item that you want to show off to your friends . The band is made of real leather as well , which is always a plus . -LRB- I apologize to those animal activists out there , but the cow had it coming . -RRB- The watch itself is a little loud -LRB- it 's not loud enough to attract attention but it may keep you up at night -RRB- . It stays together and wo n't fall apart on you . Overall this is a great product for a great price price .
 I received my watch a few days ago , and after wearing it almost non-stop since its arrival , I have to say that I love it ! I had to get the strap adjusted , as it was way too big upon arrival -LRB- and I 'm not a small girl -RRB- . It 's not a `` dainty '' watch , but it 's not overpowering , either . The face is easy to read , and the date window is magnified so you can read that easily , too . I was concerned about the clasp at first , since it does n't feel very substantial , but so far the clasp has not come undone accidentally so I 've had no problems . I 've even worn it in the shower and yes , it really is water resistant ! Although it is a little bigger than I expected , overall I think this is a wonderful everyday watch .
 Great looking watch , which I bought as a gift , and was received with great joy , and avid , everyday wear .
 Great watch . I 'm wearing it right now . Once you wear it in for a week or so , it 's quite comfortable . I have n't scratched it yet - but it looks pretty sturdy . Great looking , very discrete , I wear it when I do not want to wear my blinged-out rolex in public .
 I have had this watch for 4 years . I love it and I am even wearing it as I type this . However , one thing that I wish was a little different was the fact that the glass that magnifies the date gets scratched very easily . Right now , it is difficult for me to clearly see the date . Although this is a flaw that i have come to overlook , it is still a great piece and I really enjoy wearing it .
 Simple but elegant watch loved it ! For everyday use and going out its excellent . Not to big ! Perfect .
 This watch was a great bargain . I bought this for my husband for Christmas and he absoultely loved it . This watch looks great with outfits that silver watches just do n't go with . It looks expensive and i was very impressed with the quality of it . I would recommend this watch to anyone .
 I buy this as a Christmas gift and my friend love it ! very stylish , when you going out to wear .
 I have always liked Kenneth Cole brand and finding great prices here on Amazon makes them even better . My husband loves this watch I got for him . It was a great fit .
 I love it ! I 've searched high and low for something subtle and well designed . Too many guys watches suffer from an excess of dials , hands and a fat boy gadget look . I saved about $ 30.00 buying this watch on the net versus my local department store . It feels elegant and catches the ladies eyes . Very pleased with it and would recommend it to others .
 I bought this watch for my husband 's last birthday and he has worn it every day - even though he has four or five other watches as well.This is really a GREAT LOOKING watch . It 's very stylish , and somewhat unusual because of the `` rose gold/copper '' look metal that contrasts nicely with the high gloss silver . While it is something of a `` designer '' watch -- and my husband is not a `` designer '' type of guy -- he loves it and has received a lot of compliments on it from other people.The watch keeps good time , the band is easy to get shortened at any standard jewelry fix-it place , and I would highly recommend this product .
 The glass has got many scratches but it looks modern and elegant . Any one wishes to give a gift to anyone , You can take this without any hesitatio
 This is great lookign watch , got a good deal on it and shipping was super fast !!
 This is a beautiful watch , with a really pretty face . The face is very big for a womans watch but I really like it . I am going to have the band adjusted -LRB- smaller -RRB- , even to wear it loose because it is very big and fairly heavy . Very nice , stylish , quality for the price .
 I 've had this watch for about 2 years now and ive nevr had any issues with it . It still works great , have n't had to change the battery yet.The band has gotten scuffed , but that is my doingVery nice watch , glad I bought it
 I love this watch . I have had it since November 2009 and although it is a little scratched up it still looks great . The color has not changed and it works well . My problem has been the goldtone comes off either on top or underneath . My skin is very acidic and the tone just disappears very quickly . I wear it everywhere , even doing my dishes . The only time I take it off is to shower , swim and sleep . Very , very happy with the quality and the look .
 I absolutely LOVE this watch . Its easy to read , very well made , and was easy to adjust the band and at a great price . I love the coppery brown color of it too . Its gorgeous !!
 received lots of compliment on the color . The watch was still very roomy after removing a link , could n't remove anymore links as the jeweller expressed that the watch would break because of the shape , it 's kinda stiff . Overall , the watch is ok , goes with most outfits , and can be worn as casual and semi-formal . I was satisfied with this purchase .
 This watch is just beautiful . It is very heavy , and is , as the reviewer before said , kind of a purple-ish in the light . Goes well with most colors . Out of the box , it is very big for qa woman , but it is easily adjustable -LRB- with a tiny screwdriver and a magnifying glass -RRB- . I really like this watch !
 Although I thought this was a brown metallic from the picture it is a little more in the deep grey/purple family but the color makes it unique and eye-catching !!! It was a great surprise . Love it , love it !!
 the watch is beautiful . i love it because its not too girly , but feminine enough . its has a roundness to the back of the watch to fit your wrist . . and i was n't expecting it , but it works out just fine .
 I am very pleased with this watch . I use the various timers at work all the time and the alarm and compass at play . The new type of night light screen is great ! The only area of concern is the band . I 'm not sure it will hold up for any length of time but I could be wrong .
 The picture of this watch is not even half as gorgeous as it looks in reality . It also arrived on time and in a very nice box.I bought it for my mother for mother 's day and I just ca n't wait to give it to her . I am totally satisfied .
 The watch is so gorgeous , it 's simply perfect . I recommend this product , I have a small wrist and the watch is really easy to adjust it to my size . It came in a beautiful black box , its incredible !
 Neither too small nor too big , it looks great on women of slender arms , there is a model that has a longer chain on the bracelet but it is too large , it is perfect !
 Pros : - Beautiful watch , gotten lots of compliments-Easy to adjust the length of the bracelet-Unique , `` edgy '' style-Can go with dressy or casual outfits-Only had it for a few weeks , but it seems pretty sturdy and well made . This watch is very shiny , and I was worried that it 'd scratch easily , but it still looks brand new.-Nice size/weight , but that 's a subjective thing . I tend to like watches on the bigger side.Cons : None
 I gave this a five because it is absolutely beautiful and for me it does double duty as a bracelet !! The pic does n't really do it justice . I have super-skinny wrists and always have to get links taken out of my watches but this watch has adjustable clasps so you can adjust it yourself . I only needed to remove one clasp , I tried two but it was too tight , if you have large wrists this might be a bit tight , I think Guess has larger versions of this watch . Buy it , you wont regret it : -RRB-
 I love this watch . It is just as seen in the picture . It 's quite big so keep that in mind when ordering this .
 I bought it for my girlfriend . It 's bigger than what it seems like in the picture . The best feature is being adjustable , so you can adjust it to your arm by yourself . She liked it , I think you will also ...
 The watch is nice , but a lot bigger than I thought it would be . It 's at least 1 in wide . The links do come out easily to adjust . Not sure if I 'm going to keep it . It is also very heavy for a watch .
 Nice watch but could not figure out how to change date or day . No manual was included.Keeps good time
 I can not accurately read without glasses and for this reason , digital clarity is a priority when choosing watches . For me , black numbers on white background read better than white on black . Most expansion bands pinch and pull hair on the arms - this band does it far less than others i 've had , probably because of its ' massive width . The watch stays where placed along your arm and is very comfortable .
 I love the watch great watch for the money nice flex band easy to read and set and adjust great value
 nice watch ! looked better in person . wife loved it . shipped promptly . big fan of seiko 's
 I bought this watch for my wife who wanted a mother of pearl pink faced watch to swim with . This watch was perfect and she really loves it . Great service too .
 Purchased the watch as a gift for my girlfriend . After looking a several watches by several makers finally settled on this one . Very nice watch ! The body of the watch is not very big which to me is a good thing and the pink mother of pearl face looks great ! Fits her great and looks great on her !
 I was in the market for a new watch and wanted one that was perfect for day or evening wear . After reading reviews , I decided to get this one . Im very glad that I did !! It 's just as described and the reviews were very helpful in my choice . I love this watch and look forward to getting some great use out of it !!
 I 've had Seiko watches for years and I just keep coming back to them . This one has just the right amount of `` bling '' and looks like a Rolex . At 1/2 the price of a retail store , I could n't pass it up .
 I really love the wrist watch . It looks wonderful & the seller was really generous as I had to return it coz it was not the color scheme I asked for but they sent me the one of my choice & even reimbursed the return shipping
 My wife got me this watch for my birthday , and it is really sharp looking . A very good looking dress up watch or if your just styling around . It 's heavey . I had a Seiko that I bought in Japan when I was stationed there in the Navy . That watch lasted 15 years , I have high expectations with this one too .
 I saw this and other Seiko watches at Macys . I wanted something elegant and stylish , possibly with Black dial . And I believe this watch has all of what I wanted . The chain design is simple and nice ; unlike most chains it would not make you look like a hip hop artist , its not overly shinny or faded . Not heavy either.The only thing I did not like about the watch were the hands . The hour and minute hand is metallic silver . The hands ' design is unique and I like it but with everything else silver/black , it makes it a little hard to see the hands . White may have been the best color for hands . Initially I was a little frustrated because I could not see the hour or minute hands if the light was reflecting on the watch . I was thinking about returning it but then someone told me that it looks really great on me . I changed my mind and now I think I am getting used to it.Perpetual Calendar would have been nice feature .
 PROS : This is a great looking watch , I could n't believe it when I saw it in the stores because it looks so much better than it does in the standard promotional photos available everywhere online . I will try to post some of my own photos . . The bottomline is
 This watch is great looking , keeps great time , and has a lot of features . It is a manly watch without being an over the top giant hunk of metal . The only drawback that I have found is that the hands are very hard to see in low light .
 PROS : This is a great looking watch , I could n't believe it when I saw it in the stores because it looks so much better than it does in the standard promotional photos available everywhere online . I will try to post some of my own photos . . The bottomline is
 Cool watch to have , nice layout on the face , easy to read yet stylish at the same time . I recommend it .
 Great looking watch that has the right amount of sparkle . The biggest problem I have with it is that the slim , see through hands are difficult to see . If you 're not in the perfect light it takes a second to be able to tell the time . This is also my first chronograph style watch and the circular dial for the date certainly takes a bit more thought than just being able to see the date in a numeric display.However , all in all , I think the beautiful style makes of the watch makes up for the minor `` problems '' in being able to tell the time and date immediately . I love it -LRB- and ca n't imagine spending thousands of dollars for similar looking watches from other brands -RRB- .
 Very handsome watch . Classic design and functions very well . Good for both formal and casual dress . Time waits for no man .
 Just wanted to check it out online . This watch is still looking great 6 years later . Just replace the battery every couple years .
 I love this watch ! I literally waited 3 years to get it . It 's one of the best looking watches I 've ever seen . The half-moon retrograde dial for the day of the week is very cool . I did not buy this watch on Amazon , -LRB- got it for $ 200 at BlueDial Watches online -RRB- but I wanted to review since I wear it daily and love it ! You will not be disappointed .
 Not sure of the price now but when we purchased it was a great deal !! We acutally bought it at another store and then when i searched to see if we got a good deal and realized that we paid almost double , i purchased this watch and returned the one we bought at the store . My husband loves the watch !!
 Looks great and you could n't ask for a better price . It tells time accurately and you 'd be hard pressed to find a better looking watch . Look at the watch at a retail store and if you still want it get it online . You 'll find a much better price that includes the warranty as well .
 It is a sleek and beautiful watch that I wear for everyday or dress up affairs . I am highly allergic to fake metal and Sieko is the only brand who 's stainless steel bands do not make me break out . I would highly recommend this watch to anyone
 My husband bought them as Valentines gift and they look great on my wrist . The black background and golden arrows are making a good contrast and easy to read time . Love the watch !
 Arrived in good time and sent to correct address . No problems with product .
 This was the lowest price I 've seen on this particular watch which made me a bit skeptical as to the quality . I was very pleased once I received it . Brand new , as advertised , and beautiful . Movado warranty card included . Terrific buy .
 I got it approx a year ago . Never had any problems . Looks and works great . I payed $ 525 at that time .
 I have n't given this to my boyfriend , as I had already bought him a Christmas gift when I found out he always wanted THIS watch -- When I saw it on Amaizon for half the price I got it and am holding on to it for our ONE YEAR or ENGAGEMENT ... which ever comes first!IT 'S PERFECT !
 I rated this watch 4 stars only because of the box . Bought this as a gift to give in September . The watch is great but the box it came in leaves something to be desired . The box looks like a cheap imitation .
 I bought this because as I am getting older , and my eyes not what they used to be , I need larger display to see the time . The other problem is trying to read LCD at night and getting a good back light . That is not a problem with this watch.The analog display is clean and attractive . The LED display shows up brightly and is easily read in most lighting conditions . True , as the other reviewer stated , it is not on all the time , only a couple seconds when you push the button . But that gives you plenty of time to read the time at night.I believe the battery life will be shorter with this watch the more the LED button is pushed as they do require more power . But , since I can more easily see the time , I do n't need to push the button twice or more -LRB- as I did on my last watch -RRB- to finally focus on the backlit LCD display to see the time .
 This is an analog/digital watch . If the description had stated that the digital partion was shown with LEDs , I would not have made the purchase.I made the purchase based on its picture which showed the digital portion to be shown with LCDs . What 's the difference ? Non technically , I find the LCDs are easier on the eyes and love the watch as pictured . When I received the watch the digital protion is only on when you press a botton and only for a few seconds . And then , the extremely bright and unattractive LEDs . Did not return the watch . Just went to Walmart and purchased two other watches which I liked very much .
 i didnt realize how hard it was to find a digital watch with a stainless steel band but fossil came through quite nicely with this watch so i bought two . i waould have rated it a five but i dont care much for the flip feature . looks very good thogh and i get alot of compliments on it
 I got this as a graduation present and I am absolutely in love with it . My friend 's jaw dropped upon seeing it and said that it 's beautiful and I agree!Esperanza 's stainless steel strap is a style that will never get outdated . I can wear this with jeans and call it a day or wear it with fancy clothes and still feel dressed up . I can imagine being an octogenarian and still loving this watch . = -RRB- I usually prefer silver or platinum-toned jewelry and this complements pretty much everything . The sapphire glass is scratch-resistant -LRB- good for clumsy people like me ! -RRB- and it comes with a nice leather case . I must say that the pi&egrave;ce de r&eacute;sistance is the silver-mirror face -LRB- the picture above features a black face -RRB- which is a lot different from most Movado designs I 've seen and this detail , by far , is what makes this specific piece special . I 've gotten compliments left and right from people I do n't even know , asking me where I got it and how much it was . It 's worth its price for sure.Truly one of the best presents I 've ever gotten .
 the delivery took a bit long in my oppinion -LRB- 10 days i think -RRB- but i like the watch a lot.the steel it 's made out of , is very scratchable and after the first day i could already notice scraches , the glass instead is perfect after 1 month of wear . i wonder if a different coating would have been more scratch resistant ... despite this minor unpleasant issue , i would NOT consider buying a different model or brand . this watch is very elegant and i have received numerous compliments on it !
 It was very easy ordering on Amazon.com . The price was right there and I received the watch in less than a week . Only problem I encountered was trying to get the additional discount of $ 35 . Apparently , I was turned down but was given no reason.Then I received an Amazon.com credit card in the mail about 10 days later . The only reason I had signed up for this card was to get the discount on the watch . Since I did not get the discount , I did not believe I would get the card.Now I have a credit card I do not want .
 I recently ordered a Movado Esperanza watch for my husband from Amazon . This watch was to replace the same watch model I had originally purchased as a wedding gift for my husband . Sadly , on a recent trip , the first Movado watch was lost . I was determined to replace the watch , even though it would be an expense to do so . I was happy to see the exact watch on Amazon for half of what I paid for the first watch 8 years ago . I was a bit skeptical to order a watch online , especially since the price was half of what I paid for the first watch . I was worried that it might not be an authentic watch . However when the watch arrived -LRB- sooner then expected -RRB- , I could immediately tell it was everything it should be . The appearance was exactly the same , It had all original Movado packaging and keeps perfect time . I was so happy to be able to replace the watch for my husband at such a great price .
 I 've had this Sartego Ocean Master Chronograph for a week now and , simply put , I 've been very impressed with this watch ! It is a very classic dive/chronograph if ever there was one.Having no reviews I bought this based on the reviews of other Sartego watches , and the looks and features of this particular Sartego model . I have been looking for a classic dive/chronograph with traditional scuba yellow and black coloring , and a handful of very specific features . The feature set I wanted was -LRB- again -RRB- the yellow-black scuba color scheme , a 10-12 hour analog chronograph -LRB- vs. the very common 60 min . analog chrono -RRB- , unidirectional rotating dive bezel , analog date , rubber dive band , and finally at least 100 meters water resistance.This list limited my choices to brands like Momentum , Deep Blue , and a few others , all of which are great dive watches . After choosing the Sartego Ocean Master based on these criteria ... I am so pleased with this watch!It looks classic and great . Size is identical to a couple of my Tommy Bahama dive watches , and is identical -LRB- size-wise -RRB- to some far more expensive Tag Hauer dive/chronos . The size is perfect , thickness and weight are perfect for a sport/dive watch.Features are classic in the sense that it has a tachymeter -LRB- which I do n't use -RRB- , unidirectional rotating bezel , 12 hr analog chronograph , date , and 200 meter water resistance . An added bonus is the `` hardlex '' mineral crystal which is a Seiko developed hardened mineral crystal that is supposedly more scratch resistant than a standard mineral crystal ... nice . I 've read on some watch blogs that Sartego uses Movado internals for movement , which would be consistent with the watches `` Japan movement '' branding and `` made in Japan '' sticker in the packaging . Japanese movement -LRB- possibly Movado -RRB- ... nice again!To wrap it up , the Sartego Ocean Master appears to be a very nice classic dive/chronograph for the price . Let 's see if the watch holds up over the years . If it does it will clearly stand out as a great sport watch value in a sea of competition.Note
 Exceedingly good value , even allowing for exchange rates . Slim and elegant design coupled with precision manufacture has given me a very desirable watch
 As a female , I purchased the men 's Movado instead of the ladies because I like larger cases on my watches . The ladies was too small in my opinion . At the time I decided to order one , I checked different sites and Amazon had the lowest price , so why not order from Amazon . In addition , I trust Amazon completely . I am very satisfied with Amazon and my purchase .
 I purchased this as a replacement watch for my son , who seems to have lost his 4 yr old Movado Moderno , given to him as a gift . It 's very attractive and distinctive on his wrist , keeps perfect time and the sapphire crystal never seems to scratch . But , I am still wondering if I was mistakenly sent the Movado Museum watch rather than the Moderno which I ordered . The tag number on the watch he received was that of the Moderno , but the watch looked to be a few mm more in diameter and fit the description of the Museum , which is very similar but 5mm larger in diameter ... further , the watch seemed larger on his wrist than the one he had previously . For a man , this is probably a better look , but since we were trying to replace -LRB- unnoticed -RRB- what he had before , it seems noticeable that it is larger . All in all . . the watch is fantastic and a quality piece .
 I bought this watch for one reason only , it is beautiful . The watch is very slim and light and it is sleek and attractive . It has a leather band that is very comfortable and just fits my big wrist with one hole to spare . The second time I wore it I noticed some moisture under the glass that dissipated . I am worried that this may need repair or replacement . It has never been under water so this is a concern.It is battery operated so I can put it down and wear it on special occasions without having it lose time . It appears to be a very accurate time piece.I had an excellent delivery -LRB- one day -RRB- experience and found the price to be almost half of the mall shop I visited before ordering from Amazon .
 One of the best watched I have owned so far . It is very elegant and very light , you do not feel it in your rest . very pleased with it .
 Bought this for my husband who wanted a smart watch for going out rather than the bulky watch he normally wears , which has alarms and different time zones and altitude measurements and all the bells and whistles . This is the exact opposite - minimal and smart , and surprisingly modern given it was designed over half a century ago . When he only needs to know the time roughly it 's great . I was slightly surprised that it is quite so small - I would be happy wearing it -LRB- though I am not tiny ! -RRB- but my 6 ' 4 '' pal said it would get lost on his wrist ! Came nicely presented .
 Excellent watch , the next day delivery from amazon its perfect . The only thing I need to mention , its this watch its small , but for me its great .
 I love the Crystal of this watch . The style is also good , but it is rather small . the leather band looks a bit feminine in my opinion but it is good too .
 I 'm really glad Movado changed the styles of their men 's watches . This watch is really sleek , and now really affordable .
 This watch is a beautiful watch , but the face is too small . I think that most men would prefer a larger faced watch .
 This is most definitely not a men 's watch . It 's very dainty . Thin case . Small diameter dial . On her it is very nice . Although I am glad that I did not pay retail ... it is worth the amazon price , not the retail price.not nearly enough watch there to warrant much over $ 200
 This watch is among my favorites in my watch collection . It is simple and chic.Timeless taste ...
 I have the gold plated version but i ca n't tell the time on it for my life . im good at midnight/noon , 3 , 6 , and 9 . the watch is strictly for sure . i look at my cell phone for time , lol . i 've recieved so many nice comments about this watch , i love it and i wear it daily now . Now , I want to get something with a metalic band .
 This watch looks great . . it is n't as big as a lot of the popular watches out there now , the face pretty slim , which is good for me because I have smaller wrists . People are surprised that it does n't cost more , it gets a lot of compliments . The band is leather , so it is n't as durable as some other bands would be .
 Right when you get the watch , it looks absolutely gorgeous . In this case , the pictures you see do NOT mislead.Except on one part , the size is actually a bit smaller than I expected . The strap length is also not the largest . My wrists are average and I am already at the 3 ` rd to last notch.I would recommend this to everyone except those with huge wrists , you might have trouble putting this on .
 I was very excited when ordering this watch , seeing that I saw it in a Movado store for twice the price , ordered and I am now happily wearing the watch . Great condition and everything . A +
 I 've had this watch for a little over 3 weeks now ... The best features I love : - Thin . It 's not a hugh honking piece of metal like most watches out there . If you 're a thin , sleek man , or you dress that way , then this is probably the watch for you . I ca n't see beefier guys wearing this watch . It would look out of place with their physique . - Stylish . I 've gotten about 4 comments on my watch so far . Everyone recognizes the Movado look . It helps to boost my ego . - Easy to read . Yes . It 's not that hard to read . You just need to think a little more about where the hour hand is , but it 's become automatic for me now . And if you tilt the watch just right , you can read it in low light conditions because of the shiny , metal hands.Some things I do n't like : - Smudges . The face takes up fingerprints like the front of an iPhone . Ca n't keep it clean . erg . - Strap wear . I 'm dubious if the strap will be able to handle a year of daily wearing . We 'll see.Other things : - Not as small as you think . Yes it 's not a large faced men 's watch , but it is most defintiely larger than a large woman 's watch . Like I said before , it 's sleek , so buy that if that 's your look .
 It 's simple , it 's uncluttered , and it 's elegant . Just like the iPod . I love how the 12 o'clock orb reflects light like a silver orb.If you need to measure microseconds , require vibrating alarms , measure heart beats and receive emails , this is not the watch for you.I was worried for a bit that I might not be able to tell time with this , but I guessed and got the time right 5 out of 5 times -LRB- 8:22 , 7:50 , 6:32 , 5:43 , 4:25 -RRB- all within + / - 3 minutes , so I am all set .
 I am very happy with the product . Amazon delivered it right on time and the packaging and info booklet were original Movado .
 The Movado is elegant , light and goes well as a day-to-day watch that is a great value . I rotate it with other watches I have and this one gets more compliments than all of the same category .
 I got this watch for my boyfriend and he loves it ! The face wo n't scratch because it 's made of sapphire , which is very strong in comparison to quartz . People compliment him all the time on the watch . Guys love how sleek it looks . Definitely a great gift idea .
 I 'm the sportsy and sophisticated type , but sometime I like to be able to relax . I find that as a man , the type of watch you have gives others an impression of their personalities , to some extent.I like the sleek , simple yet elegant design of this Men Movado watch . This is the first one I 've purchased and liked.Barely any scratches through daily normal use . Bought this since Jan. 2007 . Even though there 's no numbers on the watch , i 'm able to tell time with 95 % precision.I think this watch is great .
 I bought this watch as a gift , and he loved it . I was worried when I read other reviews that said that it is too small for a man -LRB- he is a very tall one -RRB- but it looks great . It is not like those oversized watches that are popular these days , but for someone who is looking for a classic look , it is great .
 Exactly what I was looking for . Very thin and lightweight , scratch resistant and water resistant . The distinctive Movado style is unmistakeable , and the watch communicates class . This is a watch that I will wear daily with business casual attire and feel comfortable .
 I purchased the Movado watch for my husband as a xmas gift . He loves it . It looks great on him . I like it very much too .
 I purchased the watch advertised as a men 's watch . Later they changed it to a womens 's watch . I complained and they changed it back to a men 's watch . A few days later they changed it back to a women 's watch . Who knows what this watch is - its a nice watch , but amazon should fire someone in their advertising department .
 The watch was beautiful and it looked a lot better then I thought it was going to look . it looked like it came right out of the showcase at the store . I was impressed . This was my first time ever buying anything on line and from this purchase I will continue to shop on line .
 Let 's be honest . This is not a watch you wear at just any occassion . It is far too elegant to wear casually . It is more of a piece of jewelry than a time piece . But it is a good watch , and it is nice to flash around with and wear with the right clothes and go to the right function . For being this type of watch it is at a good price here as other watches costs thousands more to do the same job . I also like the size cause I have a small wrist . A stainless steel band would have made this a perfect watch but I am sure the price would not be as low .
 I received my Movado Museum watch in one day , just as Amazon promised . I love this watch , it is very sleek and classy . I have small wrists and the case size is perfect for those who do n't want an oversized , gaudy look . The sapphire crystal face is highly scratch resistant so it should hold up well over time . I would highly recommend a Movado watch if you are looking for quality , and the Museum if you are wanting a highly refined dressy watch .
 I 've now had my Movado watch for over ten years and love it . It looks as good now as it did the day I received it . It has taken quite a beating and continues to work flawlessly . I had the battery replaced a few times and now always take it to a jeweler who has pressure testing equipment to be certain that the water-tight seal is restored . I 've had no other issues with it . It has gone through the washer and dryer a couple of times with the only result being that the crystal comes out cleaner than ever.It is an elegant function and rugged watch and has lasted longer than any watch I 've ever had .
 satisfied with purchase / del . as promised , style a given . only concern is with 5 yr . guarantee from amazon rather then from movado
 I bought the Moderno because although I like the design of the Museum , it 's a little bit old-looking now . It 's a very nice watch and it keeps good time , which is basically all you can ask of a timepiece . Plus , I got it for a great price . I strongly recommend this Movado .
 That basically sums it up right there . This watch is really slick ; it looks very professional and so clean . The face is amazingly well designed with minimalism in mind . I really enjoy looking at this watch . Most people recognize the design too and for the price , it 's basically unbeatable.One of the nicer factors is at the price ; you get a sapphire crystal , which is very nice to have . Sapphire being the second hardest material known to man , it does n't scratch very easily , so there 's always a clean , scratch free face that you do n't have to worry about.The one thing that people may miss is that at the price , it is quartz , otherwise it would cost significantly more . They did not bother with the incorporation of a faint ticking noise even , which I am very used to . I know it does not have a second hand , but most analog clocks at least have some tick in them . That was the only thing that bothers me on rare occasion .
 the watch looks amazing but size wise it is alittle small . The size actually seems to work out well though for business casual its not to much for a nice shirt and kakis like some of the watchs some people try to wear . My advice to anyone purchasing this watch just look closely at the size comparison pictures and make sure its right for you .
 I received this watch as a gift some months back and just love it . At first I was skeptical as to what might distinguish this Movado from my Skagen , which looks virtually identical . The answer ? The materials . While the face and body of my Skagen scratched easily , my Movado shows no signs of wear . It is definitely worth spending extra for a well-made watch with a sapphire crystal and higher quality steel . Also , it does n't hurt that Movado makes a watch that is both beautiful and understated -LRB- nice for guys who enjoy watches but do n't want something that looks like jewelry -RRB- . All together , I am very happy with this item .
 The movado watch that I purchased for my son is a beautiful watch , however he is a tall young man and the watch looked too small on him . I would recommend to others .
 My old-school dad and uncle gave me trouble about it asking `` how am I going to tell what time it is without any numbers , '' but other than that it 's a good looking watch . I agree that the face is smaller than you would expect by the pictures , but it 's a nice looking watch . Feels expensive .
 I bought the watch 5 years ago from Amazon and only paid 200 for it -LRB- brand new with warranty and everything -RRB- . I chose it simply because i wanted a watch that is simple but yet elegan , and Movado fitted that . Recently i got comments from people how fancy the watch is , and i was like , `` what are they talking about ? Fancy ? Please ! '' I went online and check and totally shocked ! The watch is still in perfect shape . Still love it !!
 i purchase this watch long time ago -LRB- 5-6 years ago -RRB- but i still wear it every day to work and even when i go out . i love this watch because it looks simple yet when somebody looks at it they can tell right away that it 's a Movado watch . Simple yet classy . the leather band is sturdy and makes adjusting it to fit your wrist very easy .
 After searching all kinds of online or local store sources , I finally choose Amazon.com to buy this watch.I was first a little confused by the warranty when I open the box , at the beginning , which has a Amazon Warranty only . However , after I called the Movado , even I only have the receipt of Amazon.com , we could use the Movado Warranty . It is really a good news to me.The watch , itself , is really elegant , thin , and light-weight , which is just what I want . It comes with a battery . I do love its leather strap , because my skin is really sensitive to the stainless steel , especially in summer . I would say , the watch is good . The price is great.I have been wearing it for 1 month , still looks like NEW !
 I have never been sorry I bought this watch . Elegant and always get compliments . It is sleek ; and deserves the name CLASSIC . No problems with function .
 Very elegant looks and the best look for your money .
 the price is reasonalbe , the watch is as good as I expected , and the service is excellent .
 I bought it for my matron of honor as a gift and she was ecstatic ! She had ALWAYS wanted a Movado .
 This Mobado watch is really classy . The classic design can be worn wth almost any style .
 This watch is beautiful ! It 's simple , yet elegant . As far as Movado 's go , this is n't the most expensive , but it 's a Movado ! I gave it as a gift and she absolutely loved it !
 This is a beautiful watch -- very understated but elegant . It fits perfectly and I can wear it with anything , dressy or casual . I always admired Movado watches , but I refuse to pay more than $ 200 for any watch . So I was delighted to get this one for less than $ 200 . Overall , I 'm thrilled !
 Perfect , that 's all I have to say . I love this watch and the price is right/cheap .
 The product was as advertised and at a price that was less expensive than from other retailers
 Exceptionally elegant ... You can not go wrong with a Movado . Sleek design and simplicity is what defines this piece of art !!
 own 4 Mens Movado over 15 tears , Replaced , batteries and a couple of bands.I am in building maintence Latge buildings . ! of my old sapphires is worn everyday-Near 7 years.They make them well I will buy them every time needed
 My beau recently ordered my Movado on Amazon and I am in love , with the watch of course ! I am in love with the classic , elegant look of this timeless beauty ! What I really like is that you can spot a Movado from a mile away because of its signature single crystal digit representing twelve on the dial . The black interior of the dial contrasts beautifully with the crystal and the fact that it is water resistant makes it even better . I do n't have to worry about small splashes whenever I 'm washing my hands while wearing my gorgeous timepiece .
 It ; s had to believe that in Chicago the `` EXACT '' same watch is selling for $ 500 + the 10 % sales tax . The item is beautiful and genuine Movado .
 I got exactly what i wanted . It was just like how it was shown in the picture . Love it
 Everything was as expected . Shipping was prompt and receipt as promised . Very pleased .
 I purchased this for a christmas gift for my sister . It is definetly a classic looking `` Movado '' . I was a bit dissappointed with the size of the watch . I expected the face to be a bit larger and the strap is very thin . However , You can not beat this price . I 've seen it elsewhere for $ 50.00 - $ 100.00 more . I also had free shipping and it was superfast . I hope she likes it . She is very petite so I 'm sure the 7 '' strap and overall size of the watch will be fine for her .
 It 's a lovely watch to look at . It fits the wrist beautifully . It 's more delicate looking than a Rolex & classic . I love it .
 I AM TOTALLY SATISFIED WITH THE PURCHASE OF THE WOMEN 'S CLASSIC MUSEUM MOVADO WATCH . THE DELIVERY WAS QUICK AND THE WATCH IS LOVELY WITH GREAT QUALITY . GREAT DEAL .
 This watch will not disappoint ! It is the Classic Museum watch - beautifully packaged . Unbelievable value ! Because the price was so good , I also bought a Man 's Movado with this one as a `` His and Hers '' set for my parents . It made a special gift .
 I 've always wanted a Movado and this is a great one to start out with . It 's simple and classic , very understated . The watch arrived in perfect condition and fit me fine . Now ... I just have to work my way up their product line !
 Im a woman and this is a man watch but now the style is big watches i own this one and looks more like a woman watch . i have a lots of compliments everybody wants this one and is really hard to find this one in white i have this from last year is a very very cute watch kind of heavy but cute
 This watch is without a doubt perfect . I always wanted a nice watch but was afraid i would destroy it as i have the habit of doing that to my watches . . I have done everything to this watch and it still looks brand new after three years . you can actually take this watch and rub in on the curb and it will not scratch . This watch is a steal for under a $ 1000.00 and well worth it . if you can ever find it for 900 or under you have to be a fool not to buy it .
 The Movado Valor , IMO , is the epitome of Movado , simple , elegant , beautiful . The Valor is very thin , as the case is practically the same thickness as the band . Unlike titanium watches -LRB- that were the craze a few years back -RRB- or stainless steel watches , the Tungsten Carbide and weight of the Valor makes it feel substantial , and balanced . It feels like jewelery , but the design is masculine.BUT , the problem , Tungsten Carbide is `` brittle '' compared to other metals . I dropped my watch in the bathroom on ceramic tile , and somehow , a small corner of the case/crown , right next to where the band connects , shattered/chipped off at 45 degree angle from the corner , about 2 millimeters . No one notices unless I point it out , but I still know it , and it is a little sad , but I still wear it most every day . I 've had it for over 6 years , and have had to replace the battery only once . It still keeps perfect time and looks new . Unless you have a perpetual calendar or digital watch , the simplicity of having just the time is great because you never have to worry that a short month is going to make your watch a day off .
 This watch is made of beautiful tungsten carbide which is extremely durable and highly scratch resistant . It 's very thin , although it 's a bit on the heavy side . It also keeps excellent time . I 've owned it for 3 years and still has no scratches . Nothing worse that an expensive watch that has scratches if you ask me .
 Shipped in a timely manner . Only thing is that the watch does not come with any extra links . You will need to order those from Movado at $ 36 each if you need the bracelet larger . Other than that , it 's a great deal . Serial number was confirmed by Movado .
 I 've had my watch for over one year now and I still love it ! I have always been a Movado fan for years now . This is my second Movado . My first is the regular Mens Classic style but since I 've had it for about 10 years , I wanted to upgrade to a nicer one . The Valor is well worth the money I paid for it ! I wear my older watch during the weekdays since it 's still in great condition and for weekends I wear my Valor - which gives me an additional reason to look forward to weekends . The Valor is mirror shiny and has a very solid feel to it in terms of weight due to the tungsten metal . I like the fact that the watch is scratch resistent although I would never rub it against the curb . I can wear my Valor with any outfit be it business or casual without having to worry if it 's appropriate to the occasion . This will probably be the last luxury watch I ever buy since Movado has such high production values . In terms of battery life , during the time that I have owned my old Movado , I have had to replace the battery 2 times so far .
 Excellent watch . Classy , elegant and low maintenence . Gets lots of compliments .
 Ordered express shipping , did n't come right away - so Amazon waived the extra charge ! Product is exceptional !
 In a word i say this watch is ` awesome '' . I saw this watch at a movado store for $ 2299 and got this model number to search online . Luckily amazon itself is selling the watch at half the price with its extended warranty . Its soo beautiful and its worth the price at amazon
 With its silky smooth tungsten carbide material and out of this world bracelet design the Movado Valor stands out from the crowd , it satisfied my need of buying any more watches except for Cartier -LRB- still on my list -RRB- , it 's a joy to look at and to own , and I will never get tired of it that 's for sure.As for the movement we all know what Movado is to watches , its Bentley to cars , Rolls Royce would be Cartier.Too bad the Valor line is being discontinued as I 'm writing this review , but I hope the company designs another break through model for the years to come .
 This is the best price you can get for this any where in the market and on online stores . Watch comes with the manual guarantee card . Highly recommended .
 I bought this for my mother about five years ago and shes loved it ever since ! Like all the Movados I have purchased they have all been exceptionally great products and great bang for the buck !
 No tacky gold look . Do n't wear while typing , tons of scratches on the band , but absolutely beautiful watch .
 I absolutely love this watch . The clasp is hidden which gives it a sleek look . I have owned Movado watches for over 10 years and I am pleased with the quality of craftmanship for the money . As to the thickness , it is a SPORTS watch and is no thicker than most other watches in it 's class . Unfortunately , I just misplaced my SE after 5 years and I now have to replace it . I am looking to buy the same style again or perhaps the # 0604769 . Ed -
 I purchased the watch and received it in no time ! It was perfect and it was just as it was pictured . Thank you for the easy transaction !
 This is my sixth Movado . It is fantastic and a great deal . Better than the factory outlet . JP
 Super fast shipping , arrived perfectly fitted for my wrist . Beautiful watch
 Had watch for 3 weeks and it 's met my expectations . Slightly thicker and heavier than the other movados I own , but I have adjusted and enjoy it . Experienced no trouble with the `` thin chrome '' another reviewer wrote about . Links are easily removed with a small screw driver , and can be done by yourself . My only complaint would be in the shipping department of company I purchased through . Shipping status changed twice , each time pushing back a week , and took roughly long weeks to arrive .
 I have a client that owns this watch , and anytime I went to visit him , I found myself wanting it the more I looked at it . I inquired the type it was , went to the Movado website , located it , and did my research on pricing and quality , and locations to purchase it . This was my buying experience ... $ 1250 was a steep price for this watch , researching pricing on the web , I found it to be as low as $ 580 , and as high as $ 1100 . I did n't know if I could trust online retailers with it , especially sight unseen , so I went to some stores to see what it looked like on my wrist , and see what I could haggle . One retailer told me they could do $ 600 for me , but it would take 4-6 weeks to receive . That was too long , and nobody else would sell it to me for less then $ 850 . So I entertained the web knowing I loved the look of it on my wrist , and determined to purchase at the right price . The only online retailer in the local area that would sell it to me in person was Aaron 's for $ 583 plus tax , so I took the trip to NYC . I purchased it with no problems , got it adjusted that evening , and this is what I think of the watch . The Clasp is great , the older version of this watch has the push button clasp -LRB- 2 buttons on either side -RRB- that closes in on both sides length wise , it is called the Hidden Butterfly Pushbutton Clasp . the newest version of this watch has the same type of clasp , but there are no pushbuttons , it just clips securely in place . It hides any sign of a clasp very well . The band is one of the things that did it for me . It is made of durable brushed stainless steel and there are gold indented dots like the one in the Museum style 12 O'Clock face . It really adds a touch of class , and the brushed look is my preference . The Bezel is gold plated with four indented dots at the top left right , and bottom left right of the bezel . Another great touch on this watch . The Face is solid black with gold hands and the infamous gold indent . the Crystal is solid Saphirre and it really is scratch resistant as I have bumped it a few times leaving me paranoid and a sigh of relief as I examine for marks and find none . The Crystal is not flat as with most watches , it is more of a shallow dome style . The Dial is made of 18K Gold and has just the one pull to adjust the time . Speaking of time , it keeps it great , I have adjusted it with an atomic clock , and it stays accurate to a tee . This is not the same physical type of wath as others I have seen , usually they are very thin , and very light weight . That has been the reason I have never really seriously ever considered Movado because I like a heavier watch and this is it . The thing I love most about this watch is the fact that you could wear it Casually in T-Shirts and Jeans , with a suit , or in a formal atmosphere , and it never looks out of place . I have owned this watch for 3 months now and have received many compliments , and others that look at it the same way I 'm sure I looked at it with envy as it sat on my client 's wrist , wanting it to be on mine . Whether as a gift for someone or yourself , this watch is unique in it 's own way and very stylish . If you want to take a user 's word for it ... buy it , you will not regret it .
 I have had this watch for several years now and have been very pleased with it . The jeweler was able to remove enough links to make it fit my small wrists , which is often a problem for me . Two-tones make it match both gold and silver jewelry . The watch is casual enough for everyday and dressy enough for going out .
 This is my 2nd one of these watches . The first one still works fine , but after several years the finish on the inside of the band had worn off and was leaving metal splinters in my wrist . I had some difficulty finding a replacement band -LRB- I live overseas -RRB- so I just ordered a new watch . At $ 40 it was affordable enough . It 's pretty , has a good quality `` heft '' to it , is durable yet feminine .
 Just what I wanted - a watch that could be worn all the time and was easy to read the numbers ... Glad I was able to get it . .
 I was a little disappointed , should have researched more in depth . I bought this watch because fo the Movado name but I thought the band looked brushed and it felt heavy . Look and try on before you buy online to make sure you will like the style of the watch . It 's hard to return items like this if you opened and tried on the merchandise . A costly mistake on my part .
 Great watch!If you 're looking for a quality , inexpensive homage to the Submariner , this is it . Seiko is known for their great quality and the SKX031 does n't let down . The only downside to this watch is the bracelet and it 's cheaper folded links . Although , some people enjoy the stock bracelet . I purchased an aftermarket bracelet for my 031 . I was surprised to find this watch new , as Seiko discontinued it several years ago . Luckily , Mr. Watch is still selling it , but obviously you 're paying a little extra premium for their ability to source this discontinued watch.Mr . Watch shipped fast , and I was happy with that . But they placed my watch in the watchbox , without a proper mount . Then , they place the watch box in a cardboard shipping box , about 3x the size of the watchbox . This would have been all good if they had padded the watch box in the shipping box , but it was in there all alone ! So , needless to say , when my package arrived , the watch had been bouncing around the cardboard box outside of it 's original watch box . Oh well . It did n't have any damage . It could 've all been avoided with a little bubble wrap or some newspaper .
 I received the watch today in new condition . Other website had it cheaper but out of stock.I agree with others , my $ 50 quartz Invicta bracelet belongs to a $ 1000 watch , this Seiko bracelet was designed for a $ 10 fleamarket watch.I have checked it for 4 hours , and predict + 30 sec/d . My Omega Seamaster automatic runs -12 sec/d . You can trust Amazon.I 'd like to hear more from those who own this watch.Thanks for this opportunity , because I believe that there is nothing like reading about owners experiences .
 I 've owned this watch for over a year now and really like it . I love the dial , the large round hour markers , and the overall look of the watch face . It has fantastic luminscence and will stay lit most of the night , unlike most other watches which barely last an hour or so . The only downside , and the reason I gave it 4 vs 5 stars , is because the bracelet is somewhat cheap looking and feeling - very thin and lightweight unlike my Invicta 9092 bracelet which is solid and incredibly shiny . For the price , Seiko should include a better bracelet . Other than that though you ca n't go wrong with this watch . This is my first Seiko and it was a good buy . I will be tracking it 's performance compared to the Invicta automatic 9092 and may provide updates over time . You can also read my reviews for Invicta 9092 and Invicta 6502 .
 Nice clean watch . Submariner look in an automatic Seiko . The band could be considered cheap by some and rather thin but passable . Seiko put the money into the watch not the band . The crystal is very tough and scratch free after wacking the watch a few times against doors . I have had this watch for a while and I still enjoy it . At $ 135 it is a buy , and really , there are n't many quality automatic sub knock-off watches that you buy at this price ?
 Great watch value for the money - this is Seiko 's take on the rolex sub . I like it because it is n't a knockoff - as so many divers out there are exact duplicates of the sub - except for the name . They have n't put out a sub copy with their name on it - this watch has it 's own distinct look and character.The folded link bracelet is a good looking bracelet as is - although I am replacing it with the solid link super oyster bracelet.At 40mm this is a good sized watch - good heft and size without being a huge monstrosity on your wrist . The 3 o'clock position of the crown makes it feel a little bigger than 40mm . This thing looks great out of the box . Screw down crown , day and date , 2-way rotating divers bezel -LRB- true divers are only 1 direction -RRB- , water resistant - powered by the seiko 7S26 movement.For 1/30 the cost of a rolex sub you get a lot of value in a really good looking watch . Great everyday watch or weekend `` beater '' . So many watch geeks love the seiko 007 's , but this watch is my favorite .
 this seiko is a magnificent timeless automatic watch . keeps good time and is lovely to look at . a little piece of mechanical wonder.unfortunately currently discontinued .
 Arrived in good time , packaged well . A fantastic watch , my first submariner homage and I 'm very pleased with it . Yes , the bracelet is cheap looking and a bit `` rattly '' but the watch itself is first class .
 Beautiful Watch , I gave it as a present for my husband and he loved it ! thank you !
 Watch arrived in a timely matter . As described brand new in box . Happy with transaction
 While I was not at all happy with the packing materials used to ship this little beauty , I must say this watch is STUNNING ! It is even better than described and for the price -- absolutely amazing ! My girlfriend loved it . Thanks AMAZON !
 Bought this as a present for my wife a few years ago . She bought me the men 's version before we got married . I think the women 's watch is nicer than the men 's . It 's not a status-symbol . It 's just a nice , elegant watch .
 I purchased this watch as a wedding day gift for my new wife.Needless to say ... it was a great hit with her and she loves it.Amazon 's price a couple weeks ago was 1/2 of what is is listed for right now , WHEW good thing I found it then ! : -RRB-
 I bought it 5 years ago and just love it . It is well worth the money !!!
 I saw my daughter with this watch and I just had to have it . I love the style and the simple but elegant design .
 There is a real trick to getting this band DOWN to the 15mm attach-width
 This band was just what I expected eventhough it cost about 1/3rd . the price of a new watch and watch band .
 I got this watch for my 2nd anniversary four years ago and wear it all the time . Formal , casual , it goes with any thing and I still get comments on it all the time . The tungsten material is IMPOSSIBLE to scratch . I would definately buy another Movado .
 I got this Movado to replace a Piaget that cost 15 times what this watch cost . The Movado more than holds its own . It feels good , and it keeps better time than the more expensivt Piaget .
 A stunningly beautiful dress watch . This bracelet watch made with Tungsten Carbide adds a very masculine weight and feel to the thin faced design of the watch itself . This was a 30th anniversary gift to me that adds an air of elegance to my wardrobe . -LRB- It also has kept perfect time -RRB-
 This has to be one of , if not the best purchase I 've ever made . Compliments have been numerous and the item looks great .
 I purchased this watch from a friend , I absolutely love the look of the watch . This is my 3rd movado , and I definitely enjoy this watch . As others have stated the weight adds a very nice feel to it , and when you wear it on your wrist it just jumps out at you . I did n't give it a complete rating b/c , when I personally wear mine , sometimes with a flick of my wrist the butterfly clasp will get undone . This happens everytime I wear it , if it were n't for this I probably would wear it more often .
 I add this one and decided to buy it from amazon as the lower price over the net , but it is a surprize to me when I found it in the market for very lower price at Movado distributer in our market , it is $ 800 lower than the list hereAny way if you like this model get it , it is very sleek and very beautiful on you hand.Absolutely it deserve 5/5 stars .
 I have been planning to buy this watch for a while now and finally my wife got it for me 3 weeks back from a Movado store . I must say that as much as I am thankful to my wife to buy it for me , I just admire wearing this watch . I gives a boost of confidence when I wear it to my office.It is not too `` bling-bling '' but definitely a eye catcher and goes with almost any attire . Just love it .
 This watch is great ! I am very satisfied with the way it looks and especially the way it feels . It is made with a very dense metal so it is quite heavy ... It is very hard to scratch , however , I was able to scratch it ... when it bumped into my diamond ring . : -LRB- Otherwise , this is a wise investment and very `` business '' looking . : -RRB-
 I purchased this as a wedding gift for my groom . Tungsten watches are not easy to come by , especially ones that look elegant . This watch lived up to my expectations and actually exceeded them ! Amazon delivered it on time , the packaging was all in tact , and the booklet and card were both enclosed in the `` Movado box '' . I would totally order a Movado watch from Amazon again and would recommend it to anyone who does not want to pay retail price !!!
 Absolutely beautiful watch with clean uncluttered lines and would go perfectly with either jeans or formal attire!Very impressive without being ostentatious and undeniably one of my favorite watches to wear .
 I am very satisfied with the product , the fact that Amazon shipped it to an FPO address is great , one thing that I 'm not sure about is that the product did not come with the traditional Movado card , unsure if it 's no longer issued with purchase or because I purchased it on line ? The watch is beautiful .
 I purchased this Movado watch for my daughter . The watch was sent in a timely manner . I was very plesed with this company and would definitely purchase from them again
 This watch was all I thought it would be , eye catching . I am very happy with my purchase .
 I was slightly concerned by the reviews saying that the watch was not running when received , but went ahead anyway . Thankfully it was fine when it arrived and it is a very attractive watch , at a good price for the brand .
 I bought this watch 12 years ago and wore it every day for 101/2 years . It has never lost time or had any mechanical issues whatsoever . The best thing about this watch is that you can wear it as casual , business casual or for even more dressy occasions . I love the weight of it and have no fear of how and when I wear it . After all these years , it still glows at night so I can tell what time it is . I have always been cautious of `` water - resistant '' so it took me a while to wear it into the water . Of course , I can say now that it managed through many water situations with no problem.I bought a TAG thinking I should have something other than the same watch I wear every day . No doubt , I prefer the RW !
 My wife was very happy with this watch . We have had other products by this manufacturer and have been very pleased with them . My wife is fine boned and small and this watch fit her well .
 I love this watch ! It is so easy to read the time with the clear face and large black numbers . My favorite feature about the watch is that it is so thin . I 've tried the less expensive brands but was n't satisfied . I bought a similiar Seiko model watch that was also very thin about 15 years ago . The watch is still running , but I scratched the crystal so badly that it needed to replaced . It was going to cost more than half the price of this new watch just to have the crystal replaced . I highly recommend this watch .
 The watch is very nice , and seems excellent value . Package came on time . I 'm very satisfied .
 This watch is amazing ! Bought it for my guy and I 'm more than impressed with how it looks in person . You will not be disappointed for one second .
 I own a lot of watches . I 'm a big buyer of Invicta and Kenneth Cole . I generally buy watches valued over $ 100 but are on sale between $ 50 and & 75 . So I 'm not a high end snob , but I do expect quality . This is my first Marc Ecko watch and I was a little weary buying a new brand . My worries were eliminated the moment I saw it . This watch is beautiful . I love it . The only reason why I would n't wear it is that it is so pretty I do n't want to scuff it . Obviously it 's not for the board room and it 's a little flashy , but it does n't cross the line into gaudy . The crystals around the face catch catch some eyes , but the watch face is not the super-sized and the colors are subtle . It balances out perfectly for me . Even the box it came in was beautiful . I have a case for my watches but this one will stay in its original box . I ca n't think of anything bad to say about this watch . I will buy more Marc Ecko watches if I continue to see this kind of quality from them .
 Movado watches cover the upper middle class of wrist watches ranging in price from a couple hundered dollars to around $ 5k . To my knowledge , all Movado watches come with a Sapphire Crystal . Sapphire Crystals on watches are generally of a synthetic type or a combination of mineral and synthetic . The benefit of a Sapphire Crystal is its relative hardness in comparison to glass or plexiglass crystals on other watches making it more resistant to scratching but more apt to shatter on impact -LRB- I 've never cracked or shattered one even though I 've bumped it into a handrail or two on accident -RRB- . On the Mohs scale , the scale to which minerals are measured by hardness , sapphire registers a 9 with 10 being the maximum rating held by the diamond . It is near impossible to scratch a Sapphire Crystal , but it still can be done by a diamond or by other materials composed of silicon carbide sometimes used in simulated stone surfaces in walls or furnature.The Movado SE watches have a nice heft to them and are very well styled . I preferred the blue colored face over all the other variants but do also like the pearl face with almost the same vigor . The band and tank are Stainless Steel with the clasp of the band being two buttons that face opposite directions that need to be pushed in to release the locking mechanism . I have noticed with a little wear that the band will release with somewhat of a forceful impact to it.Visually and to physical touch , Movado watches are of very high quality and have a very distinct appearance due to the standard 12 o'clock disc on nearly every model.I own 3 Movado 's the oldest being the Museum Sapphire which was purchased in 1995 . It is the only one I have had a problem with . The drawback of Movado watches is that many jewelers will not replace the battery in them due to the fact that some of them require special tools to disassemble . I recently took my SE in for a battery replacement and the salesperson who helped me said it had to be sent in , but the jeweler in the back was able to replace the battery on site . The Museum Sapphire I have needed to be sent in , possibly because it is a very thin watch with a complicated backing . I was notified by Movado that the movement had seized and needed to be replaced , I also requested that they replace the band due to the fact all the black coloring on the bottom had worn off . Since it was 3 years at the time and out of warranty , I had to four hundered dollars to have my watch fixed.My biggest complaints about Movado watches are warranty , 1 year manufacturers warranty only when Rolex , Cartier , Tag Heuer etc seem to all offer 2 years and that you are often required to send it in to get a mere battery replacement.A tip from a long time Movado owner , be careful with the watch . Though it is a decent quality watch , it tends to show wear quickly if abused . The Movado SE leaves many people staring and offering compliments , it is a very attractive watch with unique styling that is copied by many cheaper watch makers . All Movado watches should be sent in to be lubricated every 3 to 5 years to keep them in good working order .
 If you get this watch you wo n't be disappointed . Retail stores are charging full price . Looks great in person and the blue is not as overwhelming as is pictured here . Had it for a week and have received a lot of complements . Awesome watch at a great price !
 and it was just as promised . . not 1 scratch ... brand spanking new !! at half the price !! and i had the watch in my hands within 15 hours of buying it . . i cant believe the deal ... makes u wonder why all these other stores have charged so much for such a long time ... well that was then and Watchzone is now ... i can say that i did business with them and that i 'm very happy ... Thanks watchzone , this review is the least i can do ... if anyone has any questions alex1up@bellsouth.net ... ps Movado 's are very fine delicate watches
 This watch is amazing . I just got it today and it looks awesome ! I 'm so pumped up for this watch and would recommend it to anyone who wants a awesome watch !
 I have always been a fan of Movado watches and own several of the but this is the first one that i purchased with a heavy metal band . The stainless steel with the blue is a wonderful combonation and when wearing a dark shirt or coat the blue really stands out against the steel . Unfortinuatly , I did not buy it through Amazon and paid full price but my next purchase will be through Amazon .
 great product -- way cheaper than the jewelry store ! Great time service . would definately shop at Amazon again !
 I bought this for my wife and she loves it . It is just her style and she wears it proudly . Beautiful yet simple - simple elegance I would call it .
 We have bought many Movado 's over the years - from the Museum piece to men 's standard watches - this style is great - looks good - more compliments then on any other watch we own - and priced right ... it is an original -LRB- took it to a dealer for sizing -RRB- and was purchased far under the best price we saw in a store on Amazon ... do n't know how they do it - but highly recommend the watch and buying from Amazon !
 I had to return this watch due to my now ex-girlfriend did n't deserve such a classy and elegant woman 's watch . It definitely looks more expensive than the purchase price but buying the watch through amazon you really get a deal . The one thing I did n't like and maybe I 'm wrong , but you ca n't adjust the size of the watch . I did n't see any links you can take out like I read in a previous review . Gorgeous watch none the less and my ex lost out on wearing a beautiful time piece .
 I shopped around several weeks before I purchased from Amazon . I was really happy with the service and the product . It was a gift for my wife . I compared the same watch to ones sold at the Movado Outlet and the Movado store and found that Amazon 's price was much more affordable with the same high Movado quality.My wife loves her watch and wears it everyday .
 We like it ... awesome price . . Checked at local stores and so far none are even witin 150 $ range of 250 $ that I paid for the same . I find this to be best purchase on amazon ... I think now I should buy amazon stocks too
 If you want style , sophistication , quality you want this watch.Movado have made an exceptional time piece .
 I buyed it to my wife and I think it was a great selection . My wife is charmed wiht it
 This watch looks as good on my arm , as it does in the picture ! Shopping from Amazon was a `` breeze '' , and a pleasure ... I am completely satisfied with my experience , and I love this watch!Thanks , Amazon!Maery
 The Movado watch was a birthday/Christmas gift for my daughter . She absolutely loved it . It was shipped in a timely manner and I was kept abreast of the shipping status every step of the way .
 My wife was extremely pleased with this watch . Quick delivery . Local jeweler adjusted the band . Be aware that the clasp is a link-style that 's attached to the bracelet . It ' a hidden from view when worn , but some may not like the combination of a bracelet/link .
 We bought the watches for our daughters for their 21st b ` day . They wanted a Movado and this was a reasonable , contemporary style that they would wear . Both have been wearing them daily . Because it 's two-tone they find it matches most of their jewelry .
 This watch looks great -- the two tone design is very complimentary to other jewelry that may be work -LRB- i.e. wedding/engagement ring -RRB- . Moreover , it looks like it cost * so * much more.The one issue I have with the watch -LRB- I still gave it 5 stars because it is my fault for not finding one at a local store to try on and/or ask about sizing -RRB- is that I could never find what the band adjustment lengths were before purchasing it . Maybe I missed it on this site somehwere , but at Movado 's website , the watch was n't even shown in their product listing.Bottom line
 I got this watch as a birthday present for my wife . She loves it and rarely takes it off.Telling time on these watches is a little difficult since there are no numbers on it . But chances are that if you are buying a Movado you are buying more of a piece of jewlery that happens to tell time .
 I bought this as a gift for my wife , and she wears it everyday . If you can deal with the clean face design , you 'll love this watch . I bought her the two-tone because she has a lot of yellow gold jewelry , but the gold finish on most watches wears off quickly . This one has held up very well . I highly recommend it .
 A timeless time piece presented in a beautiful black case with all its beauty . The Movado watch company continues to design products for todays consumers with elegance & class . World known to always make a watch still affordalbe at reasonable pricing using only the finest materials . This product is my fifth -LRB- 5 -RRB- movado I own , and again Movado has not let me down . I impell anyone who is considering to make a watch purchase to not let this watch pass through there fingers .
 Got it as a Birthday present for my wife and she absolutely loves it ! GREAT price as well .
 Got this watch as a gift for my wife . I had bought one at macy 's and thought I got a good deal with 30 % off . Saw it at amazon for another hundred and fifty less and returned the one bought from macys.The watchband was too small . Called movado , told them I had purchased from amazon and the invoice # , and they sent two free links . They said additional links are $ 25 each !
 Got it for a girl I 've been dating for just a short while so I did n't want to go overboard on price . She 'd never heard of `` Movado , '' but she absolutely loved it . With the two-tone design , she can wear it with anything and , being a Movado , it 's stylish -LRB- without being over-wrought -RRB- and keeps excellent time.BTW - You will NOT find this watch ANYWHERE for this price . Believe me , I looked for weeks and noone could touch $ 257 . If you like this time-piece , BUY IT HERE !!!!
 I bought this watch for my wife looong ago . It still is brilliant and eye-catching when she wears it ! The first one was lost during delivery , but Amazon replaced it and over-nighted it to have it delivered on time for our anniversary ! ... Because of that , Amazon has a life-long customer !
 great deal here . much less than at dept store . shouldve got the one with diamonds .
 I had wanted to purchase this watch for some time now and looked at various jewelers and websites . The average jeweler price was $ 560 and I only paid $ 280 ! What a deal ! Came with a 5 yr warranty and in the movado black box .
 I 've had this watch for 2 years now and I love it . I wear it every day with casual attire , but it dresses up just as easily . My only complaint is that the metal scratches rather easily so it does n't stay shiny for long .
 Movado Women 's Amorosa Watch # 0604760This watch is SIMPLY MARVELOUS !!!!! I was very satisified with the price and the quality of this item ...
 A beautiful and classy watch at a highly competitive price . The wife truly loves it .
 I am soooooo pleased with my movado . I did need to pay $ 8.00 for 3 links removed . I saved almost 50 % off retail including their sale price !!!! It is beautiful and I get so many compliments about it . I will always look to amazon first before I take the plunge and make a large purchase .
 I really like this watch . The size , quality , everything about this watch is great .
 Was n't sure what to get The Wife for Christmas and then the watch popped up . No hassel of having to go to the Mall with the rest of the animals . And , definitely would n't have found it for the price that amazon was selling it for . Great timeing + Great Price = Happy Wife !!!!!
 The watch was everything that I expected . Before Christmas I searched the malls for this watch and all were within $ 20 of each other . I decided to check Amazon before I purchased and could n't believe that I found it for half the price , no tax and free shipping . The only thing that I had to have done was get the band adjusted . My wife took it to a jewelery store and they did it for nothing .
 yes im pleased with this mavodo watch . even thow its smaller then the picture on the enternet.my wife was very pleased with it .
 Bought the wife a diamond Citizen - that she never wears . She only wears this MOVADO . She claims that name brands mean nothing to her , that I am the one who is materialistic - but since I explained the whole swiss watch thing to her - what is she wearing ? The MOVADO !
 The product was sent in the estimated time , I arrive in good condition . I sent the requested product . I recommend to the store 100 %
 The item was purchased as a birthday gift , which was greatly appreciated by the recepient .
 After much consideration , Movado was definitely my watch of choice . The minimalist styling , Swiss movement , and known quality make Movado the `` Mercedes '' of wristwatches -LRB- IMHO and even tho Mercedes was German and is now US . -RRB- Anyway , after shopping fine jewelry stores and trying on the various styles -LRB- ladies -RRB- , I chose the Amarosa because I have a small wrist and this one CAN be sized down -LRB- contrary to another review here . -RRB- I just had three links removed and it fits like a dream now ! I did not , however , want to pay the $ 500 full price at local jewelry stores . I purchased at $ 249.00 through Amazon -LRB- direct , not through a partner . -RRB- Now it 's even less -LRB- $ 239.00 as of this writing . -RRB- This is an authentic Movado complete with rounded leather-like box , documentation and genuine Movado materials . A trusted local jeweler , who sized it for me , confirmed it is `` real . '' So , you can buy direct from Amazon with confidence and receive a FIVE year warranty . I love mine ! It would make someone who loves Movado , as much as I do , a Very Merry Christmas gift .
 I always wanted a watch like this - and with Amazon offering 50 % off I could n't resist . I 'm so glad i got it - keeps time perfectly and looks fabulous with anything I wear .
 This watch is classic and beautiful . I wear it with everything , it can take you from work to a night out . I 'm so glad that I have this watch , I have n't worn my others since I got this one for X-mas , I guess it helps to have a wish list on amazon : -RRB-
 I treated myself and bought this watch and I am not really a `` watch '' person BUT I LOVE this watch ! It is so stunning and elegant and beautiful . Even the jeweler when he took out some links for me to wear it told me it was a beautiful watch . Also , the price you can not beat !!! It 's fantastic . Plus , it 's a Movado , which I 've never owned before but it is worth it . With the look , the fact that it 's a Movado , THE PRICE , and the fact it is so beautiful , I recommend it highly to anybody considering buying it for themselves or for their wife/girlfriend/friend . By the way , it does n't show how it looks on the back but it is like a bracelet/watch so to speak , and on the backside , there is a clasp . Very well made . Excellent craftsmanship . Beautiful watch !!! EXCELLENT price !
 I love love love this watch . That is all.As a side note , those of your concerned about the warranty thing , do n't ; I 've had another Movado for 5/6 years and nothing ever happened . I had no need to ever contact Movado for any suspected default in the watch . Besides , you do n't need to send it back to Movado for battery changes and things of that nature . Thoroughly check out the item when you receive it and if the item is defective , just return it back to Amazon within the specified time limits ; or , you can still send it to Movado , and , for a nominal fee they would fix it . You should know that after Movado does any work on their watches , it extends the warranty for 1 year -LRB- or so I was told when I called them inquiring about the voided warranty situation -RRB- .
 My brother and I bought this watch for our mom for mother 's day . Overall I think it was a great decision . Our mom loved the watch , especially since it had the two-tone finish . I would definitely suggest to anyone looking into this watch as a gift to get the two tone . Your wife/mother/girlfriend / daughter/etc . will love that it goes with both her silver and gold jewelry and really stands out . Also , the watch is the perfect size -LRB- not too big a face like some other ladies watches have -RRB- . One disadvantage to this watch though is how it fits the wrist . For most women , several links will have to be taken out to get the right fit . Since the watch is much like a bangle , it wo n't fit snuggly around her wrist . If you do n't mind that , then I think it 's a great buy -LRB- In my opinion , the bangle design looks fantastic -RRB- . But , if you do , then maybe another watch will suit you better . Overall , however , this is a great watch and defintely a good decision .
 THIS AMAROSA MOVADO WATCH COMES WITH A HIGHLY POLISHED STAINLESS STEEL FINISH . THE FACE IS PRETTY AND VERY EASY TO READ WITHOUT NUMBERS . THE WATCH IS PRIMARILY SILVER WITH A FEW GOLD ACCENTS . THE STAINLESS BAND WILL NOT TARNISH AND IS MOISTURE RESISTANT . THE COMPLIMENTS WILL KEEP ON COMING .
 I purchased the Movado Amorosa TT July 2006 and it still looks and wears like new today ! I received it promptly . It was package perfectly . Because this was my first time purchasing a designer watch on-line , I took it to a Movado store to confirm that it was authentic . It was indeed and the exact same watch sat in the showcase for twice the price ! Thank you for selling me a wonderful product .
 The watch is the same as in stores . The only difference is in the warranty which is Amazon warranty instead of manufacturer warranty . The watch works fine and looks awesome . It also comes in a great packaging as well .
 Bought this for my wife some years ago and she not being a watch person loves it . Movado has a very plain classy look .
 This is my third Movado and I am absolutely satisfied with it . I wore my first one almost daily for 5 years before the clasp -LRB- invisible clasp with no push-buttons -RRB- wore out and no longer stayed latched . Disappointingly , the jeweler said it could n't be fixed . Seeking a replacement , I purposely chose the Luna because it has the security of two push-buttons on the invisible clasp and it is primarily composed of brushed steel . I prefer brushed steel watches because polished steel is a little too shiny for me and shows scratches more easily . The Luno goes well with any outfit , dressy or casual.I adjusted the band size myself and it was a snap . You just need a micro flat-head screwdriver you can get at the hardware shop since the pins are basically screws rather than the tension pins found on most watches .
 I am very pleased with my purchase . This a great watch . It is a classic timepiece with a very modern look . The band fits perfect . It is very comfortable . I wear this watch everyday .
 Great watch ! It came in a nice leather case . I was very happy with the design of the watch . The clasp is easy to open and close . I have to say that I was not sure what to expect , as I have not purchased any of my watches online , but I was VERY HAPPY with this watch . If you 're on the fence , I would say get it , you will not be dissapointed . It really is a great looking watch . It came in the box , with the plastic covers on it , and with the movado paperwork . I brought it to my jeweler , and he checked it out ... it 's authentic and for a really great price !
 I love the watch , good price , very fast shipping . I wear to work everyday . Thankyou , amazon for the good price .
 purchased watch for last minute anniversary gift , watch was delivered on time in perfect condition . was my first purchase from amazon and i 'm very happy .
 The watch came within a few days of purchasing it . It was a gift for my girlfriend and she loved it as well . However , the watch came with a dead battery and instead of returning it to Amazon to have it fixed -LRB- and wait to deliver it back Amazon to have delivered back -RRB- was not worth the headache . It was a birthday gift and there was no time for that . A bittersweet purchase since it 's such a beautiful watch , but what good is watch if the battery is dead .
 This is an excellent watch , very classy for a great price . Over the years I bought several Movado watches as gifts to my girlfriend and my family . They love every one of them
 I love this watch and is stays put on your wrist without turning around and constantly having to adjust it . The price is great , free shipping and no tax .
 i was concerned that it would not be an authentic movado but it definately was authentic . what an amazing watch at a GREAT price . i went to the store to look at it and fell in love and ended up saving $ 600 by buying on amazon . i would definately recommend this watch to a friend .
 It was finally time for me to grow up and buy a `` big girl watch '' . I wanted something classic and timeless , but I was n't ready to spend thousands to get it . This was the perfect answer . Amazon helped me shop around for the best price and the service and delivery time were great ! I get compliments on my watch at least once a week . And I absoutely love it !
 I searched everywhere on earth for the best deal on this beautiful watch and Amazon not only put every other price to shameby a huge margin , they also shipped it to me fast and free as promised and placed a five year warranty on the watch as well . .
 The watch was a birthday present for my wife . She had never worn a watch , saying none of them fit her . We had to take the watch to a jeweler to have the links removed . The watch fits her wrist well and is so light weight she says she does n't know whe has it on .
 I got this watch from my husband on Valentines -LRB- Feb , 07 -RRB- ... its a masterpiece . It looks better in reality , I was in tears when my husband opened box , even the box was beautiful . I love watches and have 7 name brand watches including Bulova but MOVADO experience is exclusive , its simple , elegant and graceful.As this was surprise gift , later I asked my husband for packing and delivery and he said it was satisfactory . The watch comes with movado warranty card and amazon care instruction . For perfect fitting , I had to take the watch to a local jeweler to have couple of links removed . But please take it to certified personnel only .
 Originally I bought a silver watch like this one at the jewelry store for my daughter . She loved it . Then I saw it on Amazon for much less at amazon . I did n't think it would be exactly the same thing but ordered one for myself in gold . It can in the same box as the one I bought at the jewelry store and was exactly thesame thing but cheaper . I will look to amazon in the future for my jewelry . The weatch , service , shipping could n't have been better . I am very pleased with my purchase .
 An elegant watch that will bring a smile to someones face . Easy to read face and such style . As usual Amazon ca n't be beat . I bought direct from amazon rather than somewhat cheaper shops on their site .
 This watch is so awesome . I love it and recommend it . It 's really sharp . Amazon has unbelievable prices on the Movados . And to say another good word about Amazon -- I ordered this watch and it apparently got lost in the mail . The USPS told me it was delivered , but it never actually was . I contacted Amazon about this , and they immediately sent me another one , which arrived a couple days later . That is GREAT service . Thanks Amazon !
 I recently purchased a Movado Women 's Watch for my wife . It was in perfect condition , priced below what the Movado stores sell them for , and I had it in 2 days . The only concern I have is that the warranty card that comes with the watch must be stamped by a dealer in order to get the lifetime guarantee that Movado carries . If she ever has any problems with it , hopefully they will still honor it since it was n't purchased at a dealer . But the money I saved was worth the risk .
 I 've always liked the style and quality of the Movado brand , and the Amarosa did not disappoint me . I purchased the Amarosa for my girlfriend 's birthday , and she is very happy with her birthday present . She needs to get it re-sized for her wrist , but other than that , it 's a Movado .
 I bought this watch two years ago , I loved it from the beginning , and I still do . Previous watches -LRB- several Seikos and a Gucci -RRB- looked smart at first , but the watch band started deteriorating after a while . I had to return them to the factory , and the repair/replacement cost as much as the watch . This Movado shows no signs of wear . It keeps perfect time . I have slender wrists , so I had to take it to an approved jeweler 's to have links removed from the bracelet . I 've had the battery replaced once , which required another trip to the approved jeweler 's . The main disadvantage is that it has no second hand . I can not take my pulse or anyone else 's . But that 's a minor inconvenience for such a beautiful , affordable timepiece .
 Great looking watch ! Saw the same exact one in the stores for $ 700.00 . Fabulous buy .
 Took it my jeweler to have diamonds put on it and it turned out perfect . Its been about 2 years now and the watch `` takes lickin ' and keeps on tickin ' . '' And it is beautiful .
 Bought this watch for my wife for Christmas and she absolutely loves it . The watch was shipped in excellent time and was in perfect condition . This watch was the cheapest by far on amazon .
 I echo the previous comments . This is a beautiful watch , very elegant , and the wife loves it . It 's a bit big -- we had all of the links taken out , and it still fits a bit loose -LRB- though it is a bracelet watch -RRB- . The price here is great . The warranty card is enclosed in the box , though not signed .
 I have been wanting to buy myself a Movado watch for sometime but didnt want to paid over $ 500 for it . This is a great looking watch for great price . I 'm so happy with my new Movado watch and I dont feel bad about the price .
 I purchased the Movado Amorosa watch with the gold tone finish for my girlfriend for Christmas . She was delighted with the classy appearance . I was delighted by her reaction , the excellent price and the fast delivery by Amazon . I will not hesitate to purchase additional items of jewelry from Amazon in the future .
 I love this watch . It is exactly the same as you would see in jewelry stores only at a much better price !! Ca n't go wrong !
 Fast delivery . Wonderful watch . I goes with everything and brings a touch of class to the entire wardrobe .
 It is very beautiful watch and a perfect gift for someone very special in your life
 Amazon had this for lower price than even the factory store of movada . I gave this as a gift my mom and she loved it ! This is an awesome piece !
 I like the watch because it is flat . I would have preferred a better strap .
 I bought this for my husband and he was shocked . He has never had anything so nice , he loves it and wears it on special events away from his work.This piece is worth every penny you spend on it.Love it ...
 great watch and with Movado you know you have quality the only thing is I wish it was 40mm instead of 37 a little on the small side , other than that great design and the Two-Tone is perfectly proportional . LOVE LOVE LOVE Movado
 This watch is ace . My boyfriend had a gold one and this one beats it . The two tone effect makes this watch really POP . He LOVED it for Valentine 's Day .
 My bride-to-be love Movado watches , but the somewhat exaggerated `` pop art '' style of this one was a little different for her . She got used to it quickly though , and it is now one of her favorites . Link removal is not as simple as most Movados due to the large size of the links . Their removal -- especially if it 's an odd number of links that needs to be removed -- can create an unbalanced band . That happened to be the case for us , but the way it sits on my B2B 's wrist , it works .
 I had been looking in the dept. stores for a basic dress watch for work . I could n't find anything that had what I wanted without frills . Saw this one at Amazon and it appeared to be what I wanted , but it 's hard to be sure on line.Have had it for almost a year - keeps perfect time and looks so classy . It 's very thin and goes well with business attire .
 I purchased this watch recently to add to my collection . It has quickly become one of my favorites . The simple gold hands and markers stand out very visibly from the deep black face making it easily readable even in low or oblique light . The case is extremely thin and very light weight , making it easy to forget you 're even wearing a watch . The crown barely protrudes from the case , which keeps it from poking into the back of your hand when you bend your wrist back . The band is very thin and comfortable , with an attractive yet subtle snake skin pattern . The watch has so far kept perfect time with my `` atomic '' watch.I enjoy watches as much for their appearance as for their functionality and although this watch has ZERO whistles and bells , it is so gorgeous it ca n't help but draw attention . I could easily see James Bond in a tux wearing it .
 Originally the watch was around $ 90 , and I had it on my `` Wish List , '' but one day I clicked on the list and the watch was $ 49 . I bought it immediately . I was going to buy two for friends the next day but the price shot up to $ 75 , so I blew off being generous.The watch is sleek , accurate and looks great . I 've gotten at least a dozen compliments in less than a year .
 What a find ! This watch is so incredibly thin and light that you would barely feel it on your wrist . The picture on Amazon does n't do it justice . I was concerned that it might lack sufficient contrast between the hands/markings and the black face , but in actuality it is quite readable in all but extremely dim ambient light . All in all , it is elegant enough in appearance and quality to be a dress watch , yet it is so light and comfortable that you can wear it at any casual occasion . It is an absolute steal at this price . Highly recommended .
 I own many watches and I think the Campanola watches are just simply beautiful I owned this watch for over two years and is absolutely exquisite it may look big but it fits the wrist just right , very accurate it is worth every penny . It is hand made in Japan , if it was swiss made it would probably cost three to four times more and I 'm sure it would n't be any better .
 I bought this watch as a gift for my friend . And , it turned out to be a very good choice as a gift . The watch looks smart and trendy , although it is a bit on the heavier side . Its been working fine and with the latest eco-drive technology my friend doesnot have to bother about changing batteries . The instruction manual that was provided doesnot give full information about the product so we are still trying to figure out some of the features of the watch such as the outer dial which can be rotated manually . I was also disappointed by the packaging of the watch which was torn and looked old . It was also not wrapped in a bubble wrap which could have damaged the watch during delivery . Luckily that did not happen . Ofcourse this is a problem with the seller and not the watch per se . Basically my friend is very pleased with the watch , both performance wise and in terms of looks , and I think I got a great deal at $ 140 for this item . Overall I 'd say it was a good buy . The seller could have provided better service though .
 i received the watch yesterday and it is not new , there is no sticker on the front and the back has small scratch and the side has little dent , for this price it is good deal but it is not 100 % new i guess it is return item which explains why it is cheap so if you ok with that it is nice buy .
 I bought it about one month ago . The watch is accuate . And wears comfortable . The watch chain is longer for most people I think . You will pay $ 10 to shorten it or you do it yourself . Other thing I do n't like very much is the white panel and the white hands -LRB- hour , minute -RRB-
 This Calibre 5700 Eco-Drive Watch was bought as a gift from myself to my brother who is a rookie pilot ; without a slide rule , time zone capability and all those crunched in bezel increments this watch still retains a clear an innovative design layout , easy operation , inflight functionality and good to great craftsmanship .
 My boyfriend bought me this watch for an anniversary and it is even prettier than it looked online . It is very delicate and the colors of both the face and the leather band really glow . I also really like the classic face of the watch . Very classy overall !
 I bought this watch for my 80 yr old mom . My only complaint is with the leather strap ... it 's too short ! Because this watch is so small thesize 10 Long strap is almost impossible to find . I finally found one , you guessed it , back on Amazon ... from an independent seller . I 've had the men 's version of the same watch for years . No problems with it , ever !
 As most Seiko watches , this is a good buy , elegant and sturdy . The person that received it is happy with it and loves it .
 I got it for my sister 's birthday . It arrived on time and was so beautiful I nearly kept it for myself .
 Adorable watch . Not an easy item to find in stores where I live!Great size for my ten year old . I did n't want to get one that was too big . It 's nice that there are no numbers on it . I was n't sure about that at first but it looks great because it does n't clutter up the smiley face . My daughter has no problem reading the watch . She loves it !
 I have owned this watch for almost 20 months and the watch is excellent however ... the band is terrible for a watch this expensive . The clasp is constantly coming loose . If you buy this watch get your store to change it to the clash that has push buttons on the side . The clasp I have just `` snaps '' in place and started to get loose after 3 months . I have to use a needlenose pliers to keep adjusting the clip so the watch does n't fall off . If you wear this every day DO NOT GET THIS WITHOUT THE BUTTON CLASP or else you will be cursing Movado - like I do every day .
 Awesome chronograph . But read the detailed intructions on the Movado site before setting the time or playing with the chronograph . Most retailers do not how to use these watched . The seconds arm is part of the Chronograph .
 I received this watch as a gift a few months back . It is gorgeous , and just looks stunning . I am complimented on it constantly , and the silver face , just gleams once I clean it . The only drawback is that the sun glares off of it , so I find myself being blinded at times when Im driving and it hits me . Obviously , it only happens for a brief second . The watch , like other Movado 's keeps perfect , immaculate time and I would n't trade the watch in for anything .
 For pure aesthetic appeal it almost has no equal . I feel dressed up every time I wear it ! I now own 2 Movado watches - that 's two more than I need but its more than a watch - its apiece of jewellery .
 I chose this watch for my graduation gift , and I could n't be pleased more . The mirror finish is flawless . Being sapphire , the watch is very scratch resistant . I wanted a gift that I would have my whole life . It is modern , sleek , elegant , and very comfortable ! I recommend it for sure -- Mahalo
 My boyfriend only wore this watch for 10 days when the stone at the 12 o'clock position fell out loose under the glass . Since the item had been worn , Amazon wo n't take it back , so we now have the hassle of sending it to Movado -LRB- with shipping expenses -RRB- or having it repaired at an authorized Movado dealer -LRB- at our own expense -RRB- . Very disappointing for a product that cost almost $ 500 and has such a sterling reputation .
 i purchased this movado watch as a gift because i had bought it for my husband and he recieves nothing but compliments
 This watch looks great ... way more expensive than it really is . I think this is a great value , and it 's working perfectly .
 This is a beautiful classic -LRB- and classy -RRB- watch that is easy to read . The price is great for a Seiko watch , although it was about $ -LSB- ... -RSB- less when I bought it and was from -LSB- ... -RSB- with free shipping -LRB- check out a similar Seiko watch with a brown band from -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- . The picture clearly shows no second hand , but I expected one on this type of watch .
 The Citizen Calibre Eco-Drive watch -LRB- #AT 0120-02L -RRB- keeps perfect time with no worries about replacing batteries as long as you wear it often enough in bright light to charge the solar battery . I have several watches and rotate them to the current need . I put this watch in direct sunlight for 1/2 hour every few months and this keeps the watch battery charged for months . Reason I bought the Eco-Drive watch was everytime you replace a battery the seal can break making the watch vulnerable to moisture . This watch does not need to be ` shaken ' everyday like my Seiko automatic , plus it keeps more accurate time . I am trying to get away from the expense & hassle of replacing batteries . All future watches I purchase will have this type of ` solar charge ' feature.Warren in NC .
 The Citizen Men 's Calibre Eco-Drive watch is a fine piece of jewelry . The beauty of the watch is you never need to replace batteries ; it is a truly `` green '' watch that operates on light or solar power . Just some items to nick-pick
 If you like leather strap watch with accuracy then you will luv to buy this one and that too on unbelievable price . I got it from amazon for 119 while everyone else was selling it for more than 180 + . It is ecodrive so need to change battery at all . Chronograph and tachymeter are also there . A symbolic indicator if the battery -LRB- solar -RRB- is not charged so that you can expose the watch to light.Strap is beautiful and overall watch looks beautiful to me , my friends .
 I love this watch , but the band breaks easily and I have n't found where I can buy a replacement band . Luckily it 's a good price , so I 've been able to buy a new one when the band breaks .
 Love it . Dressy , pretty watch with a very readable face ... not something you always find on a ladies dress watch . Yes it is petite , but that is what you want from a dress watch . The band was a tad big for my wrist so I looked online and figured out how to remove links from the band . I know jewelers can do it for you too . Water resistant , mineral crystal , expansion band , second hand ... excellent value for a good looking watch . LOVE it !
 This watch is absolutely gorgeous and is extremely comfortable to wear . People are always commenting on how beautiful it is and I see men always turning to look at my husband 's wrist when he wears it . Its like moths to a flame when he wears this watch ! Of course you have the Movado quality , the same company makes Concord , ESQ , and Movado .
 My wife purchased this watch for me during a holiday cruise to the Western Caribbean during the summer of 2004 . I 've been wearing the watch ever since . The watch is truly a sight to behold . The tungsten carbide is a smooth , solid and heavy metal , but feels very comfortable when worn . You can just feel the quality as soon as it touches your skin . The bracelet has a very attractive mirror finish that is resistant to scratches , and I suspect it will retain its beautiful polished finish long after I 'm gone . The dial is encased in scratch resistant sapphire crystal and looks just as crystal clear as the day it was purchased . Simply put , you 're not just investing in a timepiece , but a work of art that you will be able to pass along from generation to generation . The watch is a bit prone to fingerprints and smudges , so it 's wise to keep a small microfiber cloth handy to wipe it down occasionally . I 've worn this watch at formal affairs as well as casual functions , and it seems to work very well in any setting . Strangely enough , it does n't come off as gaudy or loud , but very sleek and attractive . This is a gift that will last you a lifetime and more . Every man should invest in at least one fine timepiece that he can pass along to his children . The Movado Valor has secured its place in my family history .
 Aside from having a classic look , the watch has been super accurate and flawless . I have owned it for 6 months .
 Thin , lightweight , and comfortable . The hands of this watch are nicely crafted , and the roman numerals are very sharp too . I really like it when the occasion calls for a discrete dressy watch . The best deal I found for this watch was here on Amazon . Go ahead , you wo n't be disappointed .
 I am very happy with my watch . It was delivered quickly and just as promised ! Thank you .
 I 've wantes a Seiko for quite some time . My biggest reason was the hardened crystal . Bought this watch after yet another Timex took a likin and died.This watch exudes quality craftsminship , thin sleek sexy , and accurate !
 This is a very pretty watch . The leather strap is a darker red than what I see on my screen but it is a true red , not to purple or too orange . I can wear this for dress or casual . Just recently had to have the battery changed and I 've had this watch for five years now .
 I do n't know what the other guy went through , but I ordered mine from WatchZone and everything was brand-new , mint condition with all packaging and manuals.This is a very attractive watch , although I 'll probably replace the strap with a leather one soon ; it 's just my preference . The case is definitely solid and well-constructed of stainless steel . However , it is quite heavy.The Eco-Drive technology is great , and I like that you do n't ever have to replace a battery . Also , this watch is very accurate with its Japanese quartz movement.Where else can you get a $ 400 watch of this quality for $ 140 ?? Nowhere . Buy this watch now . Any Seiko you can get for this price will be much more common than this gem . The compliments and uniqueness I receive with this Citizen are well worth the price of admission .
 As far as the watch is concerned , I am very satisfied . The quality is very good and it keeps good time . It is a heavy type watch , so if you do n't like a heavier watch you might want to consider something else . The box that the watch came in was very beat up , it did not look new . Watch did not have any flaws but appeared to have been out of the box prior to my purchase .
 In general , I 'm fairly pleased with this purchase . I had no issues with the reseller -LRB- JTV Watches -RRB- or the timeliness of delivery.The watch looks great and functions well so far . I was surprised to find that it feels a little ` cheaper ' overall than an equivalently priced Seiko . Nonetheless , it still feels in-line with the price-point .
 I have this watch , but with a black face , which I prefer . Use it as my everyday watch and it is a quality timepiece . It 's very stylish and well-built . I love the fact that I will never have to change the battery and the watch will never go dead when I really need it . The stop watch will only register a max of 30 minutes , and the date is very small and difficult to read , especially since I now need reading glasses ! You wo n't be disappointed with this baby .
 I recieved the watch in a timely manner and was as described . The reason I gave it only 4 stars is because it was completely run down when I reived it so it took a couple of days to get it charged and running properly . Also , as was noted in other reviews , the box that it comes in -LRB- and is how I store it -RRB- was in pretty rough shape . I bought the watch for the watch , but I am concerned as to where it might have came from given the condition of the box . I give the watch itself a 5 star rating though .
 I bought this watch a few months ago here for much less than the currently listed discount price . It 's just like what the other reviews said . It is a bit heavier than other watches I had before , but it 's not uncomfortably heavy . I took it to Chinatown to have someone shorten the band for me for less than $ 5 . After wearing it for a day or two , I stopped noticing its weight . This watch is also a bit thicker and larger than other watches I had before , but it is not too bulky that I can not button up my shirt sleeves . My watch came in a box and the box was in good condition . The instructions for setting the watch were straightforward and easy to follow . I started wearing the watch immediately and it got fully charged within a day . This watch has three small displays or sub-dials . One is a 24 hour/night-day indicator which really is not necessary unless you are trapped somewhere where there is no daylight to tell where it is 3 AM or 3 PM . The second display or sub-dial is for measuring time up to 30 minutes . 30 mins is really insufficient for most situations . The major flaw or limitation is that , unlike some display or sub-dials in other watches that are round in shape , this is a half circle . This means that once the thirty minutes counting is up , the needle/hand will stop running and stays on the 30 min mark until you reset it to zero . So , you must keep checking your watch when you are using its timekeeping function . The third display or sub-dial is just for the minute hand . The luminous marks work wonderfully at night . I have been wearing this watch everyday for the past few months and it has been accurate and reliable . I wear it for causal , sports and semi-formal functions . It would not look out of place . If you do n't mind the timekeeping limitations , it is a nice watch that never need to change its battery.This is a postscript written a year after in July 2008 . My watch is still very accurate and I have n't needed to do any adjustment . However , I have a few minor scratches on the band . I have been wearing it on all occassions , including sports and yard work . The scratches are not noticeable unless you really look hard . The crystal has no scratches so that is great for an inexpensive watch .
 This watch was in great condition although the packaging was beat up . Watch runs perfectly and looks great .
 I purchased the watch direct from Amazon in November ' 06 . Not sure about the other reviewers but the watch 's packaging was pristine and brand new and the watch itself is perfect and also brand new . The watch works perfect , keeps great time and I get a lot of compliments regarding it . If this watch appeals to you , it is worth purchasing .
 I bought this watch a few days ago for that price and the brand , and here it is , great look , mint package , so far , it runs great . the only thing that is it use some kind pin mechanism to hold the band , not screw , maybe it is standard for the watch like this . just wonder how long it will last before it slip out :-RRB- . after all , it is a happy purchase .
 Wonderful watch ! Happy with the quality and how fast it got here . Absolutely nothing wrong with it . Face is perfect , no scratches or anything out of the ordinary . Comes with the manual on how to work it.The BEST LOOKING and BEST WORKING watch i 've ever bought .
 This watch has been fantastic . A great purchase . Very easy to read face . Easy to set . Great product .
 I picked this out for my birthday gift this year , and while I was a little apprehensive ordering sight-unseen , I 'm thrilled with my gift . The watch arrived in two days in perfect condition . Amazon 's 5-year warrenty paperwork was included . While small , the diamonds sparkle beautifully , and really enhance the look of this watch -LRB- I saw the plain version in person , and it 's just that - plain -RRB- . I have an average size wrist , and will need to get one or two links removed by a local jeweler.My husband was going to go to a local jeweler and purchase this as a surprise , however he knew I could find a better price on-line . Sure enough , Amazon came through with the lowest price -LRB- 50 % off retail -RRB- , free two-day shipping , and the A9 discount . Got ta love Amazon!I highly recommend this watch , as well as it 's purchase through Amazon .
 I recently purchased this to replace my Gucci watch . I 've been searching for a watch that I can wear in the office and also out for a formal evening out . This turned out to be the perfect choice!Before purchasing from Amazon , I went to Macys to try on and see the watch first . And yes , this same watch is retailing at Macys for $ 850 . What I like about this watch is that I have a round narrow wrist . And often , bracelet or bangles kind of watches tend to turn or slide on my wrist . But not this one . Although the sides are like a bracelet/bangle style , the clasp is a link type clasp so it can securely fasten the watch , and easily adjusted to fit.The watch arrived in Movado box and instructions and Amazon 's five years warranty . I like the diamonds as decorative setting rather than the other Amarosa Watch which I personally found to be too plain . This is a perfect watch as a gift or to purchase for yourself and at a terrific price ! I am very happy with my purchaseTip
 Amazing product , arrived two days after purchase . I called around to jewlery stores all around town and could n't get a hold of this model . The only place that was willing to order it in was asking for $ 1200 and gave me a waiting period of 3-4 weeks . Seriously a beautiful watch . I wish you all could see the look on my gilfriend 's face when she opened her present . If you think that the images on amazon look impressive , you will not be disappointed when you open the box . The product came with all the proper packaging and after customs and over night delivery , the purchase came to just under $ 600 CDN . Awesome ! Kay I 'm done ranting . AWESOME !
 Great watch . Very stylish . Many of the internet pictures make the finish look dull -LRB- brushed -RRB- but the finish has a highly polished chrome look which I like better .
 So this went from around a thousand dollars to only $ 495 and then back up to around $ 1,000 on amazon in a 2 week period . I absolutely fell in love with this watch and it 's the best gift ever ! My advice
 I got this as a birthday gift , and it is a gorgeous watch . The only issue I have is that it scratches easily . I have had it a year and it 's getting some noticeable scratches , even though I do n't wear it everyday . It seems to scratch the worst on the band , so at least you do n't see it as much , but it 's still an issue for an expensive watch ...
 This was the best Birthday gift for a woman I have seen so far . The excitement was written in her eyes when she opened the box and got to see the sparkling diamonds .
 This watch is absolutely gorgeous !!! I was torn between this one and the Diamond Kara watch . I 'm extremely happy with my decision . If you have small wrists you will definitely have to have several links removed ... a jeweler up the street from me did it for $ 5 . I had 4 links taken out and it still slides around a little bit . It looks GREAT dressed up or down and obviously you ca n't beat the price ... ANYWHERE !!!
 This watch is so beautiful . I wear it day and evenings . I did have it sized by a jeweler and it fits perfectly . And the shape and size of the face and band is perfect too . Not to big . . not to small . As for the shipping and order process . . everything was very easy and delivery was very quick .
 My husband surprised me with this beautiful watch yesterday for Christmas . It is more elegant than anything I have ever owned and I find it absolutely beautiful . Thank you baby !!
 This watch is as beautiful as everyone else said it would be ... . It was a birthday present from my husband and I could not be happier . The perfect amount of diamonds without it being over the top ...
 I was looking for some time in retail stores for a watch for my girlfriend for our upcoming anniversary , but to no avail . I eventually looked watches up online , and found this particular watch very attractive . The bangle is elegant and understated with the diamonds providing just enough eye-catching attraction without being gaudy . I was hesitant to purchase it without seeing it in person , but I am glad that I did . The watch fits perfectly on my girlfriend 's wrist -LRB- though she may need to have a link or two removed at a jeweler at her discretion -RRB- . The price can not be beat , and is nearly half the retail price . I simply can not recommend this watch enough .
 it is a jaw-dropping . The style of the watch is lovely , simply the best . Being a movado , that 's exactly what you expect for .
 Absolutely love this watch . My only gripe is the stainless band scratches easily . Otherwise , it is very feminine , and can easily transform from a dressy watch to a casual .
 I bought this watch for my girlfriend at the time and she LOVED it ! I showed it a few friends and co-workers before I gave it to her and they liked it so much a couple of them went out and bought them for their wives as well ! It really is a beautiful watch and Movado makes a great product ! I have since owned and bought five other Movados and have never once had an issue with any of them .
 My husband bought this watch for me as a christmas present this year . It 's a beautiful watch , delicate and perfect . I love it . It looks extremely elegant and draws lots of looks !!!
 I purchased this watch for my wife as an 11th year Anniversary gift and after giving it to her and seeing her face light up , im very satisfied with the purchase . The watch is beautiful , has a clean and elegant face . the diamonds glissen.Excellent buy .
 I was really nervous buying such a high price item online but it was such an easy experience and I saved hundreds of dollars !! My girlfriend loved it . She wears it daily ! Beautiful and Perfect !!
 This was a great watch at a great price.Amazon is super easy to work with.I ordered the watch on Sunday night , and we had it on Wednesday . I thought that was fast for free shipping ! : -RRB-
 I never thought I 'd be the type of person to buy anything but an 8 $ walmart watch until I ended up finding this one . I had purchased this watch for my girlfriend almost a year ago now for Christmas . She loved it . ^_^ She never wanted to wear it at first since it was so nice except for special occasions but now she 'll wear it all the time , and it has n't gotten any kind of scratches , blemishes , lost or missing diamonds etc. . It 's pretty impressive - especially since I did actually check Macys along with several other stores , and they did sell it in the 800 $ s + range even to today . I 'll probably never buy another watch like this again , hopefully this one will last that long . ^_~
 Just bought this for my wife from a Movado corporate store in a local outlet over the weekend . The store had everything at 70 % off so I picked it up for $ 290 , California tax included . The watch looks so much better in person than in the pictures . When I showed this watch to my wife on the computer she was not impressed at all but she fell in love with it immediately once she saw the real thing . The only issue is the buckle . It really is difficult to to put the watch on.One other thing is , did Amazon become Movado 's authorized dealer all of a sudden ? All discounts had disappeared so every Movado on Amazon is going at MSRP . Actually I do n't really care much about buying from an authorized dealer , as long as the watch is authentic . I believe most people would take that 50 % off over the 2-year manufacturer 's warranty as opposed to Amazon 's warranty .
 Got this for my lady for her B-Day and she barely wears it 'cause it 's too fancy , I think it 's pretty ballin ' though .
 I purchased this watch for my girlfriend . We had seen the exact same watch at Macy 's a few days before and she fell in love with it . The ticket price at Macy 's was $ 800 , a little more then I had available to spend and she knew this . Imagine my girlfriends face when she got it for her birthday a few days later . I only paid $ 400 from amazon ! The best part is that the watch that arrives had the same $ 800 tag on it as the one from Macy 's . It seemed to good to be true , and if it was n't shipping direct from amazon I would not have even considered ordering it thinking it might be a fake or scam . Amazon delivered and gave me an extra $ 400 to spoil my girlfriend with later on.OH ! by the way , the watch looks stunning . Shes had it for over 2 years now and it still looks and runs great , no trouble at all . The diamonds really add that special touch to the watch without making it gaudy or look like costume jewelry .
 My wife freaking LOVES this watch . We got a fantastic price and it shipped in a timely manner .
 lovely watch but does scratch easily . It is also BIG . if you have small wrists go for the kara which is equally beautiful as the amorosa .
 My wife wanted a Movado for Christmas , she didnt specified which one so I got her this one . Needless to say my Christmas was the Bomb .
 I received this watch as a gift about a year ago and it still runs smoothly -LRB- although I am a dancer and it sustains a beating -RRB- . It 's a beautiful watch and I often receive compliments . Very elegant , goes with everything !
 My wife and I bought ourselves the mens and womens versions of this watch in 2005 . After over a year of ownership , I can say the following about them : Pros :1 -RRB- Nice sunburst pattern to the dial under light2 -RRB- Case design is similar to a certain Jaeger LeCoultre3 -RRB- Slim leather strap is comfortableCons :1 -RRB- Date a bit on the small side . I might add a magnifier loupe to it to make it easier to read , but that would look a little odd on a rectangular-case watch to some peopleAll in all , it goes well with a dress outfit . Love the unfailing reliability of the Eco-Drive . Well worth the money .
 The brushed stainless steel band gives a casual look to the elegant Movado style . Great for everyday wear .
 I have searched high and low for a watch such as this ! I finally am able to purchase it and there 's none in stock ! Woe is me !!! Get them back , soon !
 This watch is very classy and the mirrored face is really cool . My husband got it for me as a gift and I love it . It 's beautiful and dressy so it 's a little too much for jeans or sweats . According to my husband -LRB- who always does his research -RRB- , this was the best price on the must trustworthy site .
 This is an excellent Movado product . Like most Movado watches , it is a great combination of style , durability , and price . Highly recommended . If you are confused and do n't want to dish out the cash for this watch , believe me ... you will be satisfied with this product .
 I 've worn this watch almost every day for 3 years . I get a lot of compliments on it , but I should say it is a larger watch for a woman which may be a turn off to some . Combine that with the shiny face and band and it is noticeable . It is elegant looking but the style is simple enough that it can be worn with casual wear in my view . One thing it does is catch the light like any mirror would so sometimes it is startling -LRB- but comes in handy if you need to surreptitiously check your makeup ! -RRB- Not for everyone but if you do n't mind a big flashy watch , you 'll love it .
 The watch arrived quickly and is as beautiful as I thought it would be . It looks like a piece of jewelry vs just a watch . I chose it for that reason and because it looked like it would go very well with my platinum ring and it does !
 I bought this item as a gift and the day I gave it as a gift , it got stolen . So , I really ca n't give the true rating . Too bad . The situation sucks .
 This watch is absolutely beautiful . It looks so expensive . No one would believe it costs under $ 40 ! The expansion band is excellent for small wrists .
 I am on my second one . I wear it 24/7 . Glad it still exists . Love the band and it can be casual or elegant and you can wear gold or silver jewelry with it .
 Really pretty little watch . I have a very small wrist , and it was still just a little big , but not too much that I ca n't live with it . I think it will be just fine ... . Would recommend this watch .
 I got an Amazon gift card for Christmas and this is the first present I bought for myself.I have a hard time using my hands and the attractive flexible band is exactly what I was looking for .
 I got this watch for Christmas . The picture does not do it justice . It 's very lovely , a lot prettier and attractive than the illustration shows . I am very happy and satisfied with this purchase . As another reviewer stated , you do have to have small wrists to comfortably wear this watch .
 This is a very pretty watch , keeping good time so far . I would recommend this for someone with small wrists , it is stretchy but very small . It is delicate and petite , Looks great , hope it lasts !
 I bought this as a gift for my father 's 70th birthday . It came in a beautifully finished wood box , with the watch displayed nicely inside . He was thrilled . It is a very hansome watch .
 We searched extensively for a new watch for my wife , and landed on this Movado . It 's very attractive , and Amazon had it at a good price . She 's quite pleased !
 I received my beautiful Movado Women 's Diamond Amorosa watch three days after ordering it and it surpassed my expectations . I have been wearing it daily and am proud to show it off ! The quality is beyond reproach and I highly recommend to anyone considering purchasing this gorgeous watch , do n't hesitate !
 My wife loves it . Its very stylish and elegant . Amazon 's was the best price on the net , including e-bay auctions . We met woman who have the version of this watch without the diamonds , and side by side , this one is much more stunning , well worth the extra $ 200 . She wears it all day around the house , taking care of a small child and a baby , and the face still does not have a scratch after 2 months . Great buy .
 I love my watch ! Saved about $ 300 by purchasing from Amazon . Also , received just two days after ordering . This is my second Movado . I have had my first for about 15 years , nothing wrong with it , just wanted to try another style . Movado is a great product !
 I love my watch . It is beautiful . The only concern I have is on the Movado website , the watch I purchased is spelled , `` Amorosa . '' The watch I purchased from Amazon is spelled , `` Amarosa . '' I did n't notice the spelling until after I purchased it . I hope it 's authentic . I contacted Amazon and they said it is . It was just a , `` TYPO . ''
 Wife loved the watch , and the price was the best around . She has had the watch for over a month , and though she is normally hard on watches , scuffing or scratching them within days , this watch has no scratches or marks even though she wears it everyday . Still looks new ! It may cost more than her other watches , but it is worth it !
 Elegant , discreet , beautiful and the diamonds set it above the rest . Just what One has come to expect From Movado products . Highly recommend this product .
 I bought this watch in December 2007 to replace a Movado watch that finally gave up the ghost after more than 25 years -LRB- I could no longer get a replacement band for it and the band had just worn out -RRB- . I love this watch . It is a wonderful cross between a bangle watch and a flexible link band . The diamond accents are beautiful . It keeps terrific time . I expect to wear it for years to come .
 I love this watch . Im so impressed with the sleek and slim watch body . Its very light weight and not bulky which I like . Definitely recommended ! Very good quality .
 This is a very beautiful and fine timepiece . However , I know that there are no Movado `` AUTHORIZED '' dealers on the internet , according to Movado , themselves . In order for a Movado to be covered by warranty , it must be accompanied by an official warranty card , embossed by a Movado authorized dealer , NO EXCEPTIONS . A Movado bought through the internet may not be authentic , or warranteed , if you do not have the original warranty card , embossed with dealers name , then signed by the dealer , with original purchase date and model number . Buyers BEWARE !
 This Movado watch combines the best features of elegance and functionality . I enjoy wearing it with both dressy and sports wear . I really like the sleek , classy design , and the fact that it can be worn with both gold and white gold acessories .
 This watch is both dressy and classy , however , you can wear on a casual day too . . it was not in any sense `` cheap '' but it was cheapER than at an actual store . . I do not regret this watch and I can not say enough about how beautiful it is . . i get compliments on it all the time . .
 Hi , I own this Movado watch , and I just love the sleek look with two-tonegold and clear diamonds.My husband bought it for me in the summer in Las Vegas at Movado for the full price of about $ 1000.00 . This watch is my third anniversary gift and I truly enjoy wearing it.I own another golden Movado watch which I wear daily.I highly recommend MOVADO for its unique look and its class.Swiss Watches are the BEST . You can ask anyone who owns them.Hope this helps !
 This watch was truly breathtaking I love how it matches everything I wear casual dressy gold or silver it looks great !
 Watch was received in only 2 days . No problems . Very beautiful . She loved it .
 I have received compliments on this watch every time I 've worn it ! It keeps great time even though I do n't wear it every day . It is absolutely gorgeous and very eye-catching . This is my second Movado and I 'm definitely hooked on them .
 I 'm almost 3 years into purchasing my watch from Amazon . It 's a great looking watch , and flawlessly keeps time . I NEVER take it off ... it showers with me , swims with me -LRB- both pool and ocean -RRB- , and even washes dishes . I have never had to replace the battery . I did puchase it at around $ 500 , however . One of the best purchases I have ever made .
 I recieved this watch 3 years ago when it was fairly new on the market for a Christmas present . I was really happy considering I had been eyeing the watch for months . I had always wanted a Movado . This two-toned diamond version fits my versatile style perfectly.Although Anyone that buys this watch should get some sort of warranty because my watch came from Kay Jewelers and I dropped it on my ceramic tile bathroom floor in less than a year and the sapphire Crystal shattered . When I inquired at the store the warranty was not purchased and I had to pay 320.00 for them to ship it to Movado for repairs etc. . I was torn do I give up a 800.00 watch for 320.00 dollars or do I repair the watch and have it for many years to come . I chose the later and I still love it as much as I did when I first recieved it . I always get compliments on it and even though I shoud not , I wear it as an everyday watch something that should be reserved for my two-toned Seiko . Just be careful if you are taking your watch off around hardfloor surfaces that you do not drop it and have to get the Crystal replaced .
 Bought this as an Xmas present for my girlfriend . She absolutely loves it . Make sure you do n't try to adjust the links yourself - they 're in really tight so probably best left to the professionals .
 My wife of 10 years is typically very difficult to buy stuff for - After presenting her this watch for our 10th anniversary , she was blown away . That says a ton . It is a beautiful choice at an affordable price point for this type of watch . Movado is amazing to begin with , and the diamonds/two tone really add class .
 I own several Omega watches , and since Movado is made from the same company as Omega -LRB- Swatch -RRB- , the quality of this watch is fantastic , I would recommend this timepiece for those ladies that want a great looking watch .
 My husband purchased me this beautiful Movado watch without the diamonds from world 's largest department store . We decided to look on-line for the same watch and found we could purchase this beautiful watch on-line WITH the diamonds for the same price . Needless to say , we returned the watch to the `` world 's largest department store '' . There is no difference in the quality , packaging , etc. . It arrived in a timely manner and there were no problems . My next Movado watch will also be purchased online from Amazon .
 This watch was ordered on a Wednesday and was received by us on Thursday ! Talk about fast service ! It is even more beautiful than I had expected . From the chrome to the diamonds set in 14K , it is just so beautiful , sleak and sexy ! I have found no one to beat your price either ! You have made me a faithful buyer of Amazon.com !
 This watch was a gift -LRB- that I helped to pick out -RRB- . I love it and get a ton of compliments .
 Beautifully designed and crafted watch with simple elegance . Always a compliment .
 Watch looks great , and was at a great price . My only concern is that the price is so low , and the name is miss-spelled -LRB- should be AMOROSA , not AMAROSA -RRB- that it might be a replica , and not the real thing .
 I bought one of this for my wife for christmas . She like it very well , but both of us thought it would be - for the kind of watch it is - larger and heavier than it actually is .
 This watch is more impressive in person than in pictures.The look is more timeless and classic than those watches with the traditional Movado look -LRB- the look is reminiscent of , although -- for obvious reasons -- not exactly identical to , certain Bulgari watches -RRB- . However , the price and quality are still Movado , which means you get a rather fine quality watch for not too much money -LRB- particularly at Amazon 's discounted price -RRB- . Amazon 's service was , as has been my experience , consistently excellent . I received the watch rather quickly , and it came nicely packed with all the original boxes and paperwork . In my opinion , if you want a nice watch in this price range , you really ca n't go wrong.Good luck .
 My crystal citizen watch that I bought a few years back when I was selling jewelry at Zales finally died so my husband had me select this watch out for Valentine 's day to replace it . This watch is even more beautiful in real life . The crystals are inbeded snuggly and wont move . The movement on the watch is breath taking and it is comfortable to wear . I like that you can go from jeans to a gown with this item on . It reminds me a lot like something you would find for $ 1000s at Tiffany 's . Armitron is also a good name for lower end watches as the batteries are good for at least 3 years and dirt cheap to change . Highly recommended for all the classy ladies out there !
 This is a beautiful watch and the second one I 've purchased for myself . I broke the clasp from abuse -LRB- carrying firewood -RRB- on my first one which I wore daily for well over a year . It can be worn for dressy or casual occassions . I love mine and would buy it again .
 My wife wanted a watch with a little more bling for Vegas and general use . She loves this one , understated but still shiny .
 Beautiful watch , especially for the price . I get compliments on it all the time.My last one -LRB- same exact model -RRB- started losing time even after a battery change after a few years , so do n't expect it to last forever . But , I typically get a new watch every few years anyway , so I decided to go with the same model again because of how much I loved the first one !
 Loved the watch . It was everything that I was hoping for . Great value . Would recommed this watch to anyone . Get compliments everytime I wear it .
 I previously owned an Armitron exactly like this . I had it for several years . It finally stopped working . Was so happy with the previous watch that I replaced it with the exact same style & brand !
 Beautiful watch . Band is adjustable . Face and finish look very nice . My old Armitron watch is 12 years old and I expect this one to last just as long .
 This watch is beautiful ! I wanted to buy myself a nice watch . I spent $ 425 buying myself a Citizan watch with diamonds . Found this watch a few weeks later , now it 's all I wear ! Wish I would have found it a few weeks earlier and saved myself the $ 425 !! The crystals are stunning . Very expensive looking watch ! Highly recommend !!
 Great watch ! I have one almost like it but with an oval face and a mother of pearl dial . This watch is just as nice ! It looks expensive but it was n't ! Love it and LOVE Amazon ! : -RRB-
 This watch is great for a petite wrist and it is very delicate and pretty , do not hesitate to buy this watch it is wonderful
 The watch is very pretty . Already had to replace the battery after only a couple of weeks . The watch seems to be working fine now .
 I love this watch ! Overtime , I have purchased THREE -LRB- in different colors -RRB- because they are thin , hold up well -LRB- watchband colors stay jewel-toned , the crystals around the bezel do n't fall out -RRB- , they keep perfect time , are waterproof , the price is definitely right AND ... and this is a big `` AND '' if you are tired of `` scrunching your eyes '' to try to read the time then Skagen made this watch face for us ... the watch face is mother-of-pearl but both legible and large enough to be read easily without looking clunky !
 I bought this pendant as a christmas gift for a friend . She loves it , and gets many complements . Often people ask whose picture is in her `` locket '' . You can imagine their surprise when she opens it and shows them the clock face . At first I was a little bit worried since she is very nearsighted , but the watch is quite big enough to give her no trouble at all . If you need to find a unusual and beautiful gift for a lady friend of any age , this would be a good choice .
 I was looking for a watch that had a sapphire crystal to prevent those annoying scratches , a perpetual calendar so I would not have to re-set thedate until batteries went dead ... in about 5-years , and super accurate ... rated at + - 20 seconds per year and a watch that looked good too ! I found it in this watch . An even bigger surprise was that the ETA brand movement is rated as accurate as 10 seconds per year in other watches due to the thermo-compensated crystal mechanism that adjusts for severe temperature changes over the seasons.My experience after owning it a little less than 1-year is the watchdeviated about 3 seconds and this is with me maybe taking the watch offonce or twice during all this time.This rivals any watch at any price.Highly recommended .
 got the watch in no time at all , 3 days i think - all the way to australia!was great service and really happy with the quality = -RRB-
 The Small Player is great for girls , the regular Player is maybe a better size for guys . Nice if you like a slightly oversized look for girls . The band is highly adjustable since the links are on the smaller side . Quality and weighty , durable . Water resistant which makes for less worry while wearing . The clasp is very secure so you do n't have to worry about losing it . The little diamond on the face is a very cool touch .
 Flashy and gets a lot of attention . Great product , well worth the money for the Rose gold nixon player watch !
 I have owned this watch for almost 4 years and absolutely love it . It goes well with casual and dressy items so I wear it nearly every day . Lastly , my husband bought this watch from a local jeweler for $ 3000 after pricing it in St. Thomas so this is a great price .
 Very nice watch . Instead of gold , it 's silver -LRB- at least mine -RRB- . I ordered it for a friend some months ago , and it 's being working OK . Looks beautiful !
 I already own 3 Tag Heuer Watches . The Aquaracer Automatic Chronograph CAF2010.BA0815 , the Monaco LS CAL2110.FC6257 -LRB- Expensive , bought it for $ 4200 retail -RRB- & the Carrera Day-Date Chronograph CV2A10.BA0796 . All of the Tag Heuer 's I own are beautiful , fantastic . I love them all and the aquaracer is for daily wear . They are big , bulky and imposing , and the dials are extraordinarily well crafted , using high quality materials.However , I always was fascinated with Omega and Rolex , the latter being too expensive , since all the rolex watches I liked , the chronographs and chronometers , were above the $ 7000 range . Which made me decide on purchasing an Omega , since the brand is prestigious , the high-end watches wear big and are very noticeable on the wrist . The Planet Ocean chronograph watches are priced over $ 5000 at all retail avenues , and honestly , as big , sturdy and durable they are , after having owned the 3 oversized Tag Heuer , I was n't looking to spend that much on another sporty diver . I would have , but the Planet Ocean , despite the quality , was a little less appealing.I have seen my father , brother , and a few of my friends wearing the simple omega quartz constellation , which I found to be a fairly simplistic design . As expensive it may be , it did not appeal to me much . But the particular Double Eagle Constellation , 1519.51.00 , is different . It is bigger , sporty , has a tachymetre -LRB- a constellation with a tachymetre !! -RRB- and yet , it is an OMEGA . One of the elitist models I found it to be , & it was very appealing despite the $ 4000 price tag . I saw a friend wearing the same model , and checked it out at a retail store , and it was beautiful . Like I said , and I keep saying it again , an oversized sporty Omega constellation was exactly what I was looking for , subtle , yet imposing . This does wear big on the wrist than one might think , for a 41mm dial . It wears more like a 43mm . An important point for me when making a watch purchase , other than the build and aesthetic appeal , is the dial quality and the reflective appeal . When you put this watch under direct light focus , the dial tells a different , mesmerizing story , like the Tags I own . It gives an idea about the craftsmanship that is involved in creating them , and you truly get lost in time . You can only realize the value of a genuine watch , when you look into the details . You may be spending your years ' savings , but it 's an investment . These are still valuable long after you 've purchased them . They 're fine jewelry . Always prefer buying an authentic product and not a replica . You 'll never go back to wearing cheap replicas once you 've purchased a genuine product.I am very very satisfied with the purchase . I can count on Amazon at all times to deliver the best quality , genuine product . My Aquaracer CAF2010.BA0815 , was also an Amazon verified purchase.Verify that the vendor is authentic , go ahead and buy this watch . It is one of the most beautiful timepieces ever created . My next watch just might be an OMEGA , but not until 2015 ; -RRB-
 bought watch on eBay as Amazon wo n't deliver to Australia . It arrived a couple of days ago , looks great -LRB- I like minimalist , but it also has date and second hand , which I really wanted -RRB- , appears to be good quality , but only had it two days , so a bit hard to say . I 'd read reviews elsewhere that similar Skagen models are very noisy . But mine is super quiet -LRB- ca n't even seem to hear it even when I put it right up to my ear -RRB- . Others also seem to have said that the date display is too small - I do n't think this at all - subtle and unobtrusive , yes - too small , no way .
 Beautiful and keeps time at great price . The mother of pearl , surrounded by the gold ring , is much better looking in person . It is a small face , -LRB- as apposed to the gigantic faces currently in style -RRB- . ... Can dress it up or down . This is a keeper !
 I just receivd the watch . There is not any warranty card inside the box , nor any other cards informing the repair centres location etc. . Where are they?Bst regards , Henry Tso
 This watch is really beautiful , very solid and of very high quality like all Omegas . The only bad thing about it is that once you have this one you 'll want the black one too . It will last a lifetime .
 Hello I own an Omega Planet Ocean and a Rolex Seadweller . I Like the Omega better ! The Luminous markers are more brilliant . The overall size of watch is more substantial 44.5 mm . The Stainless band is much more substantial , then my Rolex . Both are great dive watches . The anti glare is nice and I have never scratched mine in the 2 years of ownership . If you want a watch that is elegant and rugged and a true COSC certified chrono go with this watch you will love it !
 I 've owned my omega since February and really delighted with it , still cant stop having a peak at it every opportunity i get.Solid , substantial feel to it , a joy to wear.I previously owned a sea dweller for 30 years and loved it but they are terrible time keepers , this omega is far more accurate and definitely nicer to look at.The new roller 's have big wide shoulders that i feel detract from the image , they overpower the view of the watch which is a shame.I suppose the Rolex diehards will be quick to point out that new rollers are better timekeepers which may be so but the image is still flawed in my view .
 The definition of oversized is disputed by horologists but even the tea party zealots of jewelers will admit a case has to be at least 42mm to be classified oversized.I 've owned the first editionThe 45mm PlanetOcean meets the definition since the semi glossed orange bezel is a head turner . Orange / orange accented watches denote action , underwater diving and push the boundaries of being worn as a dress watch . If you do n't have n't seen one in person , trust me when I compare it the same orange as the Firefox webbrowser log . That vivid.It is heavier than most , 8 + ounces -LRB- a half pound -RRB- with the steel braceletIt 's thick piece , the thickest Seamaster I 've owned and taller than the blue chrono I used to think was too thick.Owned the first gen model since 2006 -LRB- avoided the overpriced 007 / Bond versions , klass with a capital K -RRB- and it wears just as nicely and comfortably despite the years.SEE MY UPLOADED PICK FOR AN IDEA OF THE PROPORTIONSTIP
 I got this watch for Christmas , having compared it in a store to the similar Titanium ones . There 's really no difference in weight , and I 've been totally happy with it . Also , I 've gotten lots of compliments . It 's a great watch at a great price .
 the Skagen is a good looking watch with forward thinking design aethetics . Despite what some say about the clasp , it 's not that difficult and if still have problems with it after one or two tries , it 's not the clasp . It 's you.That said , the metal of the clasp does seem a little thin . One small drawback is that the date is microscopic and ca n't be seen under anything less than bright light shining directly on the watch.Overall , a good simple watch for everyday use .
 Originally bought this watch upon seeing it in Chigaco on Michigan Avenue about 3-4yrs ago . On a whim I asked the price and was surpised it could be had for less than $ 150.00 in a major department store . Walked out with it that night and have enjoyed it ever since - replaced battery one time.I misplaced the watch about two weeks ago and , finally forcing myself to replace it , gave Amazom.com a shot as I 've had luck here in the past . What a surprise to find it at roughly half the price -LRB- they 're still $ 130 online elsewhere -RRB- ! So much so that I bought the 233XLTTN with blue face as well as this one . Now , as usual , my misplaced original with surface after I spent the coin to replace it - that 's fine , I 'll have 3 . : - -RRB- It is everything others have raved about
 I like this watch . It is slim , but solid . It has an easily readable face . The watchband is exceptionally comfortable .
 It 's perfect . Just what I expected ; slim , trim and beautiful!Skagen Men 's Mesh Bracelet Watch # 355LSSM
 Very Good to Excellent overall watch . Worth the money , especially thru Amazon where I just bought my 2nd one for $ 65 . In store pricing on the first was $ 100 . HERE `` S WHY I `` M BUYING ANOTHER
 This watch is light , thin , and looks good.Pros : Style , and the clasp is cool.Cons : The clasp is cool , but it also looks kind of thin/cheap . Hopefully it 'll last.Overall : I 've had it for about a week so far , and it 's worked out great .5 Stars .
 Received the watch in 3days !! Great service ! Attractively boxed and a terrific looking watch . Easy to adjust the band and very comfortable !
 I purchased this watch at a local COSTCO here in NJ where I live . The watch sells for $ 59.95 , but you have to pay sales tax.The watch has a very thin case , band and crystal . The look of the watch is very stylish and modern . The case and band are made of stainless steel and it seems very tough and durable for its light weight and slim profile . The band is the most comfortable I have ever worn . It takes a little time and patience to adjust the band to fit your wrist but once it is set you will never have to mess with it again unless you gain or lose a bunch of weight . I would recommend this watch to anyone looking for something comfortable and stylish .
 You really can not find a better looking contemporary watch for the money than Skagan . Slim , handsome , comfortable , breathable . Great ! One of the things I really like is that the band is so thin that it does not interfere with laptop typing . This is my second Skagan . The first lasted 7-8 years of daily used before the metal band spring pin wore out . Rather than fix it , I decided to update my look . People compliment the watch regularly .
 Purchased my first Skagen almost five years ago and just replaced the original battery . It took a day or two to get used to the clasp . Note , the stainless steel band is ideal for our hot and humid climate in Florida.I 'm buying this new model with a black and white face because of my problem is reading the watch dial in low light . I recommend the Skagen watch with the mesh band without reservation based on my good experience with my first Skagen watch . Its a fine product at an outstanding price from Amazon .
 At the risk of sounding like an ad copywriter , I 'd say the 233XLSS is slim and understated ... a real piece of art . Much better than the clunky watches with all the buttons that are a half-inch thick and weigh a ton . But ... I looked at one at Macy 's and fought the clasp and the clasp adjuster over and over . The sales person had a hard time with it , too . Went to Costco and looked at one . Same story . The sales person and I both wrestled with the clasp . I can see where it would be a snap -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- after you had used it a few -LRB- say , ten or twenty -RRB- times -RRB- . But for the first-time buyer , the mesh/clasp setup is anything but easy to get used to , and seems to discourage a sale . I think I 'll still buy it purely for aesthetics . I 'd go five stars if it were n't for the clasp-wrestle .
 I bought this watch for my husband for Christmas . He LOVES it and I love the way it looks on him . The watchband makes the watch -LRB- many have commented -RRB- and the thinness of it makes it look so sleek on his wrist . Everything from the look of the watch to the black face dial with the silver makes this watch a winner . A great buy . I plan on buying another one for my son for his high school graduation .
 Great looking watch . First watch sent stopped working after 2 weeks , probably battery . Amazon customer service was great about sending replacement . got it 2 days later and is working finr now
 Received this watch as a gift , and I now absolutely love Skagen watches.A real sleek looking watch , elegant design.Mesh strap is much stronger than it looks .
 The watch is very sleek and it 's lightweight . The mesh band is cool . The Calender date number is small . The gold trim helps the watch give it a some justice without being flashy . This inexpensive watch makes a good statement whether your in a meeting , interview , or party . Great starter piece for any man.If you think your going to find a better price then shop around . I can guarantee you that you wo n't find one for a better deal on Ebay and free shipping .
 Bought this for son to upgrade his style . I own several of these remarkable watches . So light and thin and durable . I own several high end watches that fail to get the recognition that all my Skagens get .
 My husband liked the Skagen watch I bought him for his birthday , I bought him a second one . What he likes most about these watches is that they adjust to his wrist easily . His right thumb was injured in an accident and some bands he can not wear . This one has all the features he likes . Easy to adjust , easy to read , and thin .
 The new watch trend is big , thick and bulky in men 's watches . While shopping for a new watch I saw some that could have been a wall clock . I saw a few that were thin that cost hundreds/even thousands of dollars ... no way ! Even the moderately-priced brand name watches like Seiko are thick and I do n't like thick . This watch is sleek and elegant and comfortable and I love it . I needed something with a little gold on it since my wedding ring on the same hand is gold and this in my opinion looks really good . Some of the other reviews complain about the size of the date ; it is definately tiny . With my bifocals in the right light I can make it out but I have the date in front of me in so many other places I just like to have the date on it for those rare instances that I am out and about and need to remember the date . If I turn it just right and use my bifocals I can see it . ... it 's not like I use the date every day so a non-issue . The band clasp takes some practice but you will become an expert in a few days . Adjusting the length of the band requires a small scredriver or something to pry the clasp up from the band . Be careful when moving it that you find the little indentions in the band to push it back down . I did not see them in time and forced it down ... it still worked but probably not a good idea .
 He was using a watch I got him in 1968 from Vietnam , he now has a great watch and is accurate and light on his wrist .
 The product was , fine but it had a wide band , and date window was too small to see . As far as Amazon great as always . Thank You !
 My Third purchase of this brand of wristwatch . Just as impressed with the third as I was with the first . Great style , quality and excellent value .
 This watch is very elegant in person , but not too pretentious . The seller delivered exactly what was shown , which was nice . This was the second Skagen watch that I had ordered because some other dealer sent the wrong style and it did not even work . But that was not the case with this dealer ! I am very happy with my purchase thus far .
 Best value for money for a very good looking watch to decorate your wrist . Amazon has products to suit all budgets .
 There are so many things I love about this watch . It is the slimmest watch I 've ever had , so I no longer have to worry about my watch catching when I slip by something . The steel mesh band does n't pull my hair -LRB- though the clasp did once -RRB- . It is more breathable than other metal bands I 've had , so it does n't irritate my skin . And the band should n't need replacing every year like the leather ones on my last few watches . Not to mention , it looks great . I 've had family , co-workers , and even cashiers that I do n't know comment about it.The history behind it is this
 I 've only had the watch a short Time . It 's light , keeps accurate time so far and is very comfortable . I like the looks and feel of the watch . The only minor nit is the date window is very small . I 'm very satisfied with the quality and the price .
 This is without a doubt the best watch I have ever owned . I love the fact that it is so thin , lightweight and comfortable to wear . There had been many complaints about the clasp with the safety hinge but from day one I had found it to be quite easy to put on and the watch feels secure on my wrist . The date window is extremely small but that was n't why I bought the watch .
 very hard to close and open clasp . other than that it is a beautiful timepiece . once the nack for putting on the watch is achieved , it will be a pleasure to wear .
 I have had this watch for about 18 months and it still looks/works great . It is thin and light . This is my first watch with a metal band and it is more comfortable than any other watch I have owned .
 I bought this for my husband for a belated fathers day gift . He 's absolutely in love with it and it looks amazing on him ! We are both thrilled with this project !
 Great looking watch ! Really like the mesh band.Really excellent value for the price paid.Now for the 3 for me
 I get lots of favorable compliments about this wrist watch . My only complaint is that the date opening is too small , making it hard to read .
 I do n't often review products , but this watch has far exceeded my expectations and thought I should share my findings . To elaborate on my title ... it isBeautiful - a really sharp watch - several people have given me totally unsolicited compliments just from seeing it on my wristComfortable - very slim , light weight , the stainless steel strap has no sharp edges or pinch points to pull hairsAccurate - I set the time to the exact second according to the official U.S. time website and checked it one week later - it was still perfectI 'm very satisfied and highly recommend this watch - it 's a stunner !
 I saw this watch at Macy 's during the summer of 2007 on sale for about $ 100 . Amazon had the same watch in December 2007 for half the original price . I ordered it and am pleased to say that it is a great watch , extremely light weight and super thin . I would n't hesitate to buy additional Skagen watches through Amazon .
 Skagen Men 's Slimline Mesh Watch # 233XLSGSI have purchased my first Skagen watch with duty free on a trip abroad ; since then I was looking for another Skagen watch with a different watch face , this watch is not only affordable , by far lowest price , but a great fashion statement as well.The two-tone -LRB- gold-silver -RRB- with white face is strikingly handsome , more so , what I like about this timepiece is the adjustable fold-over with safety clasp band in matching color ; the watch itself is very slimline , thin and easy to wear . The watch is truly an excellent time piece and beautiful piece of jewelry.Overall , I highly recommend everyone to own at least one of Skagen Timepiece .
 upon received the watch , delivered in time , I was a bit surprised.I did n't expect the quadran of the watch to be so big.But i got used to it in no time.The first tim etrying to tie the bracelet can be confusing . There is no clear indicationon how to operate . But if you are midly smart , you will figure it out.In all so far , I am very happy with this watch , considering the price , and everyonehas commented very nicely about it .
 Cheap , too . If I lose it traveling or it breaks , just buy another one . Start a collection and tell your friends they cost twice as much .
 I have been wearing Skagen watches for about 15 years and have given several as gifts . With 99 foot water depth rating and mesh bands I have gone for weeks without ever taking the watch off , even with active summer water sports.I have the impression the mesh bands are recently of lesser quality . Over the last two years I have frequently had the edge of a band be damaged somehow , causing a sharp stainless wire to be exposed . . then catching on clothing , bedding and even drawing blood . This never happened on any of my earlier Skagen mesh band watches . Under a new policy by Skagen the only way to fix this issue is to send the watch to a US Skagen repair center with a $ 32.00 check . Previously I had ordered a replacement band from Skagen USA for about $ 12.00 , but this option is no longer available.I have recently bought 2 Skagen watches with leather bands to avoid this issue , but leather is n't for wearing during workouts , swimming , washing the dog etc. . I now put on a Timex chronograph for the weekends .
 This watch design suits my tastes to the point where I have it in both black and white faces to match my outfit . I like how thin and light it is . I like the fact that it is easy to see the numbers and if you are after more accuracy , you can squint and see individual tiny minute markings that otherwise do not overwhelm the design . And I like the fact that it has a second hand.As many reviewers have mentioned , the date indicator is pretty silly . It truly is microscopic , so if seeing the date is a priority for you , do n't get this one.My other watch has a leather band with a traditional hole-and-post closure . This model has a silver mesh that is attractive and thin and matches the bezel trim , but is less practical . I have a big wrist , and the length is still 1.5 inches more than I need . You have to learn how to put on this kind of a watch band by laying the watch on your wrist and using the finger and thumb of you opposite hand to pull the band ends in and overlay each other properly . Then you hook tiny hooks from the `` head '' side over a bar on the clasp of the `` tail '' side . The final step is to lock the clasp by pressing down on the clasp lid to snap a small friction hook in place.That last piece is where I had a minor problem . The watch as sent did not have the locking hook in exactly the right position to hold onto the bar . Think of a question mark shape ... the open loop of the question mark has to be at the perfect tolerance to just be able to click over the bar , holding it firmly enough not to let go , but not so tight that you ca n't snap it on . I was able to bend it just slightly with a needlenose pliers and get it to work correctly . But I was very nervous that I would break it off or deform it improperly.The vendor who sold the watch on Amazon was WatchInGo . I was impressed by their commitment behind the sale . They sent a followup email to make sure the watch had arrived in good order and when I mentioned the friction problem , a human immediately wrote back to say that if I could n't make it work , they would process a return without hassle.Packaging is nice enough to give as a gift , in a big white plastic display box from Skagen.Oh , one more nice feature on the watch which is not obvious unless you read the manual carefully . You do n't have to wind the hands through 24-hour cycles to change the date . Pulling the crown half-way out lets you cycle the date without moving the hands . Very convenient -LRB- assuming you can even see the date ! -RRB- .
 i was looking for a watch for a gift , i found this Skagen Men 's Slimline Mesh Watch # 233XLSGS and i really like it and also the person i gave it . Its a classic watch . The only thing i did n't like its the date calendar , its too small .
 I ordered this watch for a good friend to celebrate his 50th birthday and it was the hit of the gift parade ! He is a very basic no frills kind of guy with good taste , and he was genuinely pleased and impressed with this selection . Although he wears a gold wedding ring I thought the gold detailing on the face of the mostly silver watch made it a nice match , and the slim profile was perfect for someone who usually does n't wear a watch ... understated and elegant . He wore it to brunch the next day . . I recommend Skagen as an affordable gift guaranteed to impress . I received this less than 3 days after ordering it and everything arrived in perfect shape , a good experience all around .
 this slimline might be the best buy for a classy dress watch , so many of my frieds know i love watches , but they can not belive the price they think im jokeing , well i love this watch !!!
 The watch is very attractive . It 's all that I expected plus more . It has the look and feel of several of the other high-in watches I was thinking of purchasing . I would recommend this watch if you are looking for an everyday sturdy and reliable one .
 The watch is the most comfortable watch I 've ever worn . I 've had them all Citizen 's , Movado , casio , this is it . Wish I would have known sooner how nice these are .
 This watch is elegant and keeps immaculate time . It is really good value and has a very pleasant appearance . This watch is thin and the mesh band is superb . I wish it was a little longer as I have very large wrists but I managed to get it to fit . The glass is good and does not scratch . Overall this is a great buy made even better by Amazon 's discount .
 I 've worn this watch daily for work for several years . It 's strength is the thinness . I do n't like jewelry , and do n't like the feel of a watch . For that reason , I 've been buying titanium watches for many years . This is just as light at a fraction of the price of my Seikos . The watch looks and wears well . The only thing i do n't like is that the band is sectional with a double hasp . I prefer the one-piece design with the accordion expanders - the sectional/2-piece bands have to be held in place and clasped by the same hand at the same time . I would n't recommend the 2-piece band to those with arthritis . However , the watch looks and works great . recommended .
 I love this watch I like the way it feels on my wrist but and here come the but the date on the clock should be remove since you can not see any how unless you have a maginfied glass besides that I love this watch who need to know what date it is we all have cell phone for that : -RRB-
 LOOKS GREAT , WAS HALF PRICE , VERY THIN , IT IS RUNNING WELL BUT I ONLY HAVE IT A MONTH BUT I FIND SKAGEN VERY RELIABLE WATCH WITH A LIFETIME WARRANTY
 I purchased this watch for my husband as a St. Valentine 's Day 2012 gift . He had mentioned that eventually he would like a decent watch that was more appropriate for wearing with dressed up outfits and one that was thin so as not to catch on his clothes . He is a reactor engineer , so the watch he had before was really techie , -LRB- the more james bond-esqe the better
 This was the second in the line of three Skagen Men 's watches that I purchased . It is quiet without being invisible and while it can be worn anytime anywhere , it does not take away from the individual wearing it , but nicely compliments the man .
 You could never go wrong with a Skagen Watch ! This watch is thin and looks great !
 I have been wearing Skagen watches for a long time and really love this one . It looks sharp , has good visibility , and the mineral crystal seems impossible to scratch . The only negative with this watch is the date display . It 's too small and therefore difficult to read . Otherwise , I love it !
 I purchased this watch to replace another Skagen watch that I purchased a few years ago . This new watch has looks great and has all the features that I wanted . People often assume that it is a much more expensive watch than it really is . It has a classic style combined with a modern Skagen style . It is a good value and looks great for casual or business occasions .
 My Husband loves his watch and has had MANY people comment on what a nice watch that he is wearing . He always tells them , `` It was a Christmas present from my wife '' . Most often the reply is '' She must really `` like '' you .
 Length :
 I am a collector of different watches with different price points . I own cartier , rolex , invicta , patek about 60 others . Skagen is an inexpensive brand that is done with good taste . It looks like it cost way more than it does . I like all sorts of watches heavy , thin , dress and sport . This one is just a cool watch with an air or elegance and good taste .
 Very satisfied with this watch . Although the date is rather small , my 72-year old eyes have no problem seeing it clearly . That is , with the aid of tri-focals !
 I 've been looking at Skagen watches for several years and finally decided to buy one . This particular model is quite elegant ; its only problem is that the calendar window is so small as to render the calendar non-functional . Single digit dates dislay well enough , but double-digit dates simply do not fit.The clasp in the band is typical of clasps for metal mesh bands . It is easily adjustable , particulary by using needle-nosed pliers.The price is good . I saw similar watches for sale in the gift shop of the Huntington Hotel in Pasadena for more than twice the price.One alternative that I liked were Seiko solar watches , that have batteries rechargeable by sunlight . They are also analog and , to my eye , attractive.UPDATE
 Skagen watches across the board are great looking , well made watches . I have two of them , both purchased through Amazon , both prompt a lot of compliments . That being said , I did see several reviews from other on-line Skagen buyers through Amazon about receiving these watches dead on arrival . Sure enough , the first one of this model showed up DOA . I noticed the small plastic gasket that sits between the time knob and the body that prevents the watch from running was missing ... might have been in the box a while like that . Amazon was fantastic about replacing the item . I downloaded the return label and repacked the item for return . Before I even dropped it off at UPS I got a notice from Amazon that the replacement was shipped and on the way . The new one showed up in a couple of days . Works like a champ , looks great ... very pleased with the appearance , quality , price -LRB- compared to a lot of retailers -RRB- , and , of course , Amazon 's service . Bottom line , I would -LRB- will -RRB- buy another Skagen watch , would recommend the dealer , and will certainly buy it only from Amazon . Amazon 's service made the difference between 3 and 4 stars .
 Have several of this brand of watch and just love them wont buy any thing else
 My huband fell in love with how thin the Skagen watches are . We had been buying his at Costco , but inventory was down at Christmas and he needed one . I just thought i would check Amazon and found the exact watch I wanted at a better price . The shipping was very fast . Very Pleased !!!
 Skagen men 's slimline mesh watch - great value for a slim light weight watch . Not that heavy bulk . Date could be larger . Dial easy to read.Skagen is a good brand and we love the Danish connection since my husband 's family comes from Denmark !
 GREAT WATCH FOR A GREAT PRICE . BAND WAS EASY TO ADJUST AND FIT PERFECTLY . STAINLESS STEEL BAND WAS VERY COMFORTABLE AND DID N'T PULL ANY HAIRS WHILE PUTTING IT ON OR TAKING IT OFF . I HAVE GOTTEN LOTS OF COMPLIMENTS DUE TO ITS MODERN APPEARANCE AND THINNESS . I RECEIVED THE WATCH IN A TIMELY FASHION . COULD N'T ASK FOR BETTER SERVICE . THE WATCH ALSO KEEPS GREAT TIME.MG
 ive known the brand skagen for many a year and finally decided to purchase this slimline mesh watch ... quality , price , and great looks where revealed as soon as i opened the box ... i knew i made the write purchase ... . i wear this watch everyday to work and always seem to ge a compliment ... if you need or are looking for a good everyday watch `` skagen is the name '' i guarentee it ... . thanks amazon ...
 I was happy upon receiving this watch , although I felt it was less comfortable than my first Skagen , `` Skagen Men 's Slim Brown Leather Watch # 433LSL1 '' , and had a slightly less slim appearance.The leather band on my old watch stretched considerably over the 2 years I owned it , and I felt that I could never get a proper fit . The band ended up breaking , at which time it fell off my wrist and cracked the face.Having loved the watch despite its shortcomings , I decided to get this watch.After about a month of wearing the new watch , I am more than satisfied . The metal band is very strong , and shapes itself to your wrist slightly , turning out to be very comfortable . The clasp mecanism is the best I 've ever had on a watch . As others have noted , the date is small , but this has n't been a problem for me.This is a great watch , simple , classy , easy to forget that you 're wearing , and well priced for the quality .
 Even though this is an inexpensive watch , it frequently is noticed by others . I get many complements about the watch . The mesh wristband is very nice , almost fabric-like . The watch is very light and comfortable to wear . Well worth the price and then some . I highly recommend this watch to anyone who wants a stylish thin wristwatch .
 A `` Classy '' looking watch that is Thin and very nice at a great price on Amazon . I put-off buying a watch for a long time and I am glad a researched the Skagen brand that is so thin and I feel comfortable with on my small wrist . The only slight CON is that the Date window is very very small and hard to see with my poor vision . I Highly recommend this watch !
 very happy with purchase experiance . I received my watch in a few days and it was exactly as advertised . I look forward to my next purchase .
 I like this watch because of its classic modern design , light weight , and handsome band , which with practice is easy to use .
 Beautiful watch , my stepson loves it . He 's 14 , and says the mesh band is what he likes the best .
 I have over 5 skagen watches and this one is my favorite now . The white background makes it much easier to read in lower light .
 I am a watch fanatic and tend to do a lot of research on a watch before actually buying it . I have heard nothing but good things about Skagen from the first time I heard about them . The only negative comments I have heard were generally from people who got lemons or were just being overly picky.This watch is better than I thought . The picture does n't do it justice . It is extremely light , thin and looks great ! It 's so light that you might forget you have it on . Now , I wanted a Skagen with the date function so I was pleased when I found this watch . The date is right above the 6 ; my only problem is it 's a little small but its really no big deal . I really was n't sure about the metal mesh band , but I love it , it feels and looks great . The quality over all of the watch is very good . The band is easy to adjust , I just recommend you read the instructions first . It 's very easy to adjust , just not obvious if you have never used this kind of band before . I would highly recommend getting this watch whether you 're a fan of Skagen or this is your first one . I definitely intend to get another Skagen soon .
 I purchased this watch to replace a Casio that I had for a couple of years . My main objective was to find a lightweight watch that was comfortable and thin . This watch met all my expectations . The watch crystal is very thin and does not stick out like the Casio did -LRB- I was always scraping it against something , walls etc. -RRB- The Numbers are large and easy to read at a glance . Some of the other watches only had hour marks -LRB- not as easy to read -RRB- . It also had military marks and numbers which are handy . It was easy to set time and date . The date window is a little small and you have to look closely to read the date . I had no trouble adjusting the band to fit . Band wraps underneath and will fit small wrist . The mesh band does not pull hair on your arm as some do . Waterproof is a plus . All around pleased though I have had it only a few weeks . Watch is very sleek and looks nice in brushed stainless . Purchased at Amazon for less than $ 60.00 on sale with free shipping .
 I bought this watch for my boyfriend 's birthday after looking at Skagen 's watches online and in stores . I was nervous about giving such and modern and unique watch , but when it arrived in the mail , I knew I made the right choice . Everything about the watch is great - even the box it comes in is stylish . The stainless steel looks polished , but not overly bright and the mesh feels great . The adjustable clasp work wonderfully , too . It was very simple to fit to my boyfriends wrist . Suffice to say he loves it . It looks good with every outfit , casual and formal , and catches the eye in the best way . I am so glad I got him this watch , it was the best gift he got .
 The description of this watch was pretty complete and accurate . I was able to check the specs on several models in my price range and make an informed choice . I have wanted to check out Skagen for a few years and I am glad that I did . The watch is thin , stylish and it keeps very accurate time .
 I always love Skagen watches because of their simple , but elegant , sophisticated , and light design . The titanium mesh is very strong , and if one knows how to secure the clasp rightly , it will be your hand 's trustful and reliable companion for many years to come -LRB- even for those who work with their hands -RRB- . My first Skagen lasted a very long time ... Actually , it 's still working perfectly , since I 'm only giving it away to a friend as I 'm buying this particular model.My old Skagen watch is in charcoal color with no date dial or illuminant feature . It works well , but since I 'm kind of a perfectionist and careful with date and time -LRB- on top of that , I 'm not good with memorizing today 's date -RRB- , I like to have a watch that would tell me the exact date and illuminate the time in the dark . This model is bigger than my older watch , but is still light and elegant as any other Skagen watch.I like it a lot because it has what I need , and I was able to get it at a good price on Amazon -LRB- after an extensive time shopping around for the right price -RRB- . If you do n't like the silver / stainless steel look of the mesh band , you can choose another color , but I personally do n't have anything against it because it just look like any other silver / stainless steel watches . Plus , Skagen allows you to adjust the mesh band and clasp easily without any special tool or time consuming exercises . I have a lot of people complemented this watch because of its simplistic elegant without all the bulky and `` bling '' design . If the other style -LRB- s -RRB- float your boat , go ahead , but just know that Skagen is on the other end of the spectrum.Simply put , I am happy with my purchase , especially with the Skagen quality . I never had any problem with Skagen -LRB- neither with the battery , the crystal , the mesh band , or the clasp -RRB- if I wear it rightly according to instruction and its design purposes . I hope you will enjoy your Skagen watch too !
 This is an extremely nice , substantial timepiece from Fendi that has a cool , manly , modernist vibe to it . The case has clean , machine-like lines and a sort of industrial aesthetic that contrasts nicely with the black leather alligator-esque strap that makes it appropriate for formal wear . Displays the 2 , 4 , 8 , 10 and 12 , with a small 60-second-hand-sweep dial located at the 6 o'clock position . The date is displayed in two small windows directly beneath the 12 , with each digit getting its own window - not the most elegant date display , but unique nonetheless . Since this is a non-perpetual calendar , you have to set it manually at the beginning of each month or else it will keep counting in sequence all the way up to the `` 39th '' of the month . This can be a bit of a hassle , but is the only substantial drawback to the watch -LRB- for anyone who is bothered by such things -RRB- . Otherwise it 's a definite winner .
 I am very impressed & happy with this watch.Stylish quality craftsmanship.Precisely accurate quartz movement.Minor problem : I somehow thought the watch hands were luminous for night viewing ... I receive compliments this watch is a beautiful precision instrument .
 I love the vibrate mode , I love the big characters , I love the pre-program times . Every week-end I am glad I bought it .
 Good referee watch . Used it with 10 + games this month . I like the non-audio alarm function as it allows me to not explain when I determine the game is complete . Hate it when parents and players hear an alarm and assume the game is done . -LRB- Not realizing I may have added time -RRB- The on/off button can be a bit hard to press to stop .
 This watch is excellent for soccer referees . The preset timers are really handy as I referee different age groups with different half lengths . It 's also handy that the real time is visible along with the time left in the half . The vibration alert feature is a nice touch as well .
 Overall I like this watch - I use it for all levels of soccer games . The vibrate option and ability to set match lengths are very nice . Dual timer allows you to work out any additional extra time . Only complaint is the buttons feel a little cheap but overall I 'm very happy with this watch - it also has some other useful features to me like dual world time .
 Sorry for using this forum to ask a question but I 'm seriously considering buying this watch . I just have one question ... Can the vibrate feature be used with the countdown timer and can it really be set in 5 second intervals ? In other words , can I set the countdown timer to say 1 minute and 40 seconds and have it auto repeat so that I can monitor my pace on the track ?
 This watch is good for any referee but for a soccer referee it is terrific . I would n't buy it for $ 80 but at $ 30 it is indispensable . There is a countdown timer for your match but in my opinion the really cool feature is a countup timer that you can set to sound an alarm when it hits a preset time . For instance you can set it to sound an alarm after 30 minutes . Start your watch when the game begins then when there is a stoppage in play you press the button and the upper timer stops and the lower timer keeps going then press the button and the upper timer starts again . The alarm goes off when the lower -LRB- continuous running -RRB- timer hits 30 minutes -LRB- or whatever you want -RRB- so you can then look down and from the difference in timers determine your stoppage time . The vibrate alarm is really cool so the players around you do n't hear the alarm go off . Great , great product !
 I have only used the watch a couple of times . Not really a problem but different than the other watches I use the start and stop buttons are on the side -LRB- as apposed to the top -RRB- so if you are wearing a wrist band it is a little bit cumbersome to push buttons . I will say that I love the vibrate feature . With my other watch every time it would beep at the end of a period of play if any kids are standing around me they can hear it go off . Also when the countdown timer is running you can still see the time of day , not critical but nice not to have to change displays to see the current time . For those of you that referee soccer games this watch is just the same as one listed on another web sight for $ 80.00 the only difference is no engraving on the back and the start/stop button is a different color .
 I purchased this watch for my husband who is now a soccer referee . He has used the pocket watches , but was disappointed in them - they did n't stay on task in his pocket . My husband is also a little long sighted , and ca n't wear reading glasses when refereeing a game . So the large figures and functions on this watch help him tremendously . The functions are exactly what he needs for the games , and are easy to use . Great product , and easy to use .
 All of the prior watches I 've purchased , and now have hidden away from the wife , have been trade-offs . This has exactly what I want . First , it shows my countdown time in large numbers . Second , it has nine -LRB- 9 -RRB- pre-set -LRB- and adjustable -RRB- countdown durations built in to the watch to avoid manual re-setting at the field . Third , it shows the actual time above the countdown timer , so I can be sure to get off the field in a timely fashion for the next game . Fourth , it gives me a vibration alert . Fifth , it even has an automatic light mode . And sixth , all this is in a package WITHOUT the additional two thousand features that only get in your way . A very nice package .
 Has many more features than I expected , simple to use once you read the instructions , display easy to read when on the run , alarm audible during action but not loud enough for others to hear.At the current price , an absolute steal . If you referee and want a great tool , buy this now .
 I also use the Timex Ironman . I bought the Casio as a second watch because of two features .1 . It may be set to vibrate instead of alarm .2 . It counts up after completeing a count down from one of its preset starting times.Negatives ... 1 . There are two countdown modes . The first uses easily selected preset starting times which cover most game durations except Junior Varsity High School -LRB- 36 minute halves -RRB- . A second countdown mode allows one to set any starting time for the counter , but then the timer will not count up once it hits zero . That 's not a big deal since high school time is handled differently from FIFA , but it would have been a nice option .2 . The method of setting different features is not terribly intuitive . One must read the manual . I did n't need to do that when I bought Timex.I like both watches . I 'd recommend the Timex for a new referee , since most -LRB- referees -RRB- do n't last more than a season or two .
 This is by far the best referee watch I 've owned . The vibrate feature along with the preset game times are key . Wish I could find more of these to buy .
 This is the very finest referee timepiece I 've EVER owned.Large display -LRB- essential on the field -RRB- , traditional stop watch as well as countdown timer , numerous extras , comfortable.I 've used it in at least a thousand games.Too bad they 've discontinued domestic distribution .
 As an AYSO referee , I 'm responsible for games played by ten through fourteen year olds . While it 's not the `` big leagues , '' getting it right is a very big deal for the kids and their parents . This watch is the best accessory I 've got for the job .
 This is the perfect watch for a soccer referee , particularly those that do n't want to whip out reading glasses to check the time . The preset times on the timer allow for adjustments for standard soccer half-times appropriate to different age groups -LRB- e.g. , 45 , 40 , 35 , 30 minutes , etc -RRB- . The vibrating alert is great for notifying the user that time is up without an audible alarm that alerts those around you . At the end of the half the timer starts counting up -- helpful for monitoring the break between halves.The only drawback is the world-time function , which I find useless and even confusing if one is n't paying attention to whether the watch in on the world-time function or local time .
 My wife made me the happiest man alive when she agreed to marry me 12 years ago . Other momentous occasions include the birth of our children , buying our home here in Tokyo , and now this watch she bought for me this past week.There is nothing I do n't love about it . It is stylish and yet sporty -LRB- like me ? -RRB- and thus suitable for wearing on any occasion . I may be biased though as this is my third Omega -LRB- the second one from my wife -RRB- and I seem to feel most comfortable with the Omega brand . For the same amount of money -LRB- or even less -RRB- , we looked at Rolexes , Cartier , Panerai , among others , but without a doubt this Speedmaster was the best `` fit . '' Of course it is a solid watch weighing in at 200 grams -LRB- half a pound for those not comfortable with metrics -RRB- and at 44 + mm hard to miss on one 's wrist . If you are n't a built guy , it may be hard to pull off this look.In specific , I love the feel of the watch and it 's stylish design . With the white dial , the GMT numbers are presented in both blue and red and clearly stand out . As an added bonus , the date comes in blue for odd-numbered days and red for even-numbered days - something I did n't realize until the second day after buying it . As I travel to the States on numerous occasions a year and still have family there , the GMT function is especially handy . Further , the see-through back is a nice little hidden secret especially with the exquisite detailing in gold and the ability to the see the inner workings . Oh , and it has kept great time ! Almost forgot that important little detail.We debated whether to get the black dial or white , and settled on the white . While the leather band was intriguing , the steel bracelet was a no-brainer as the humidity in Japan just kills leather unless it is well maintained . In all , it just looks plain great ! And at $ 5,000 , although not what we paid , I feel it is a steal.Even though it has only been a week , I really ca n't find anything wrong with the watch and I feel it was a great buy that will last for years and years to come . Although it is n't a Patek Phillipe , I think it is safe to call this watch a future family heirloom that my sons and their sons will surely love to wear on their wrists . In conclusion , for those wives out there looking for ways to make your husband happy ; buying him this watch will surely accomplish that !
 All , The Timex Reef Gear 200M Diver Indiglo -LRB- Model # T53751 I think -RRB- - Best watch I 've ever had ! I had this watch years ago , and then 4 years ago , I saw another one in a store , and I bought it as a backup and put it in a drawer for safekeeping . I thoroughly expected to have both these watches until I died , but unfortunately I lost my original at an Airport Security checkpoint ! So , now I am using my backup.I am looking for another one , but no luck so far as these are out of stock.This is a great watch , and I 've never worried about them when I go snorkeling , swimming , ... whatever .
 I just purchased this watch and feel it is an excellent buy -- especially for $ 29.99 ! It is heavy , but I like the feel of a substantial watch . It is sporty enough to wear everyday , and under a suit .
 An old watch repairer told me years ago to save my money and buy Timex watches . He said to find a style I like and buy two of them in that style and they 'd last me forever . I 've changed styles several times over four decades , but everyone I 've set aside is still working . And I have n't had to take out a home equity loan to buy a new one as my taste change.You ca n't do better !
 I just picked up this awesome watch yesterday . Wanted a nice looking sturdy dive watch and this one has it all . For the money you just ca n't beat it ! I 've since read quite a few other great reviews on this watch . I 'm very pleased with it and definitely recommend it ! Water resistant to 650 ' , mineral glass lens , stainless steel construction , glow in the dark & indiglo light , date window , Timex has a WINNER here !
 Timex is always a winner . This is the only type of watch we buy in our family . This selection is nice because it can be worn with dress clothes as well as casual .
 For the money , you simply can not find a better watch with these features . The solid stainless steel case is heavy . It 's shock resistant , water resistant to 660 ' and has a mineral glass lens.I prefer a watch with hands instead of a digital display , but the luminous markers on most give out partway through the night.This Timex has an Indiglo nightlight as well as luminous markers , so that 's not a problem any more . Is also very good looking . I have an expensive Pulsar Titanium chronograph , butit gets very little use now that I got this Timex .
 I have been looking at this watch for awhile and I finally purchased it the other day . At first it seems very heavy and cumbersome , but then after a few days of wearing it , it seems to grow to your wrist ... now if I take it off my wrist feels naked.The stainless band has n't pulled on a single hair on my wrist yet , finally a metal band that wears like a leather , or rubber band . Also I would like to mention that there is not a plastic part to be found on this watch , contrary to what is said in one of the other reviews . This watch is ALL steel , and feels VERY durable ... Also I read on another site that this watch features an 8-year battery life ... I 'm not sure if that 's true , but if so ... BIG bonus ! Anyway , if you want a great shock resistant , steel , 200M Diving watch that lights up and glows from sunlight too ... . then pick this one up ... you wo n't be sorry .
 This watch is heavy , for other people . Under water , who cares ?? My Indiglo is good to 960 feet . It is all stainless steel with a mineral glass lens and has n't lost a second , compared to NO Time , in five years . Here 's the kicker . I got this watch as a replacement , from Timex , for another cheaper Reef Gear watch that failed . Thank you Timex , for this watch , and the one I wore in country with the 1st Cav.Scabbard
 You ca n't go wrong with this very handsome , rugged , and functional diver-style watch . Mine is now five years old and has worked perfectly . One previous reviewer complained about the waterproof feature not working , but I suspect the screw-down stem was not properly tightened . Another compaint centered on it not being large enough for true diving , but only a few specialty divers watches are oversized . This watch works beautifully for all watersports , and at 200 meters , is waterproof far deeper than recreational divers are allowed to dive . Another reviewer complained about the band , but I find the band as sturdy and high quality as on watches costing hundreds of dollars . Add Indiglo and a date function , and you have the perfect divers-style sports watch . I 'll buy another just like it if this one ever fails .
 I have owned this watch for about a year . I use it as a backup bottom timer to my dive computer and have worn this watch on about 20 dives , about a third of those dives were up to 110 feet . This watch performs flawlessly at depth . The bezel is easy to set while wearing thin dive gloves and does not get knocked out of position . This is a rugged and durable watch .
 I bought this watch from an eBay seller a few months ago . The watch as stated by other reviewers , is heavy and thick but it was purposely designed that way because it 's SHOCKPROOF and water resistant to 200 meters . This is the Timex version of the Casio G-shock . They 're both great watches and virtually invincible . This particular Timex has a battery life of TEN YEARS !! If you want one of the toughest and best looking watches available today , I would highly recommend this one !
 I had bought this watch 3 weeks ago from Target and the watch is really amazing because it has many features like a really bright indiglo and it illuminates at night time when you dont have the indiglo on also this watch goes down 200 meters underneath the water which is cool and it has a date and a timnig ring band to see the seconds on the watch.I would really recommend this watch to anyone who likes swimming , playing basetball or just outside doing whatever kind of activity that people like to do .
 This watch by Timex is a very nice-looking , easy-to-wear accessory . It has a distinctive light blue , pearly face and unique open-weave rectangular links with a slight curve to them . Although described as a dress watch , it works well as a chic everyday alternative too . It has no numbers and is marked only at the quarter hours ; like all watches of this style , it is slightly difficult to read . Also , although the product features above note the the links are easy to adjust , when I took this watch to Walmart , they were unable to remove the links due to their unusual curved form -LRB- I have n't yet tried taking the watch to a jeweler -RRB- . Overall , I 'm pleased with this watch ; it 's a great fashion accessory at a very affordable price .
 i got my new gps watch in the mail yesterday -LRB- watch colleting is my hobby -RRB- and it works great ! but one or two things that ar n't so good , 1 is that the gps receiver is small and pretty light and small but i keep hitting it against walls when i 'm walking around school . but thats not timex 's fault . 2 would be that if i stop then the watch could say like 5 mph even for 10 seconds after im stopped . and it dosent take a radio signal that long to reach the sattellite and back i dont think .
 I 've been a distance runner for 20 years and have always been fascinated with how far each run took me , how far for the year , how far for career , etc. . Until now , I 've had to estimate the distances for which I could n't drive a car or ride a bike . With experience , one can do this pretty accurately by time if the same course is run several times . This new Timex product makes it easy to do every time.I 've never worn any sort of radio or tape player on my arm , but had no trouble at all with the GPS tranceiver . I was able to adjust the band so it was secure and after a half mile or so forgot about it . The watch is bulkier than a normal Timex Ironman ; women with slender wrists may have trouble wearing it . Being larger , however , means a larger display -LRB- which is also very crisp -RRB- that is easy to read while running.In addition to the normal Timex Ironman functions , this unit gives distance , an odometer , and all kinds of time/distance data such as average speed , max speed , current speed , etc. . The speed information is n't very interesting to me . I have a hard time relating MPH to pace per mile . Also , I can calculate average speed on my own . But that ability to track distance ... I enjoy being able to head out on an unknown course -LRB- and frequently have to when on business travel -RRB- and know just how far I 've gone when I return . This watch is especially useful this week when the Northern Virginia area is covered with two feet of snow and I 'm forced to improvise with parking lots , cleared residential loops and other unfamiliar areas.Will I wear this watch every day ? No , only when running unfamiliar routes -LRB- I have a perfectly good Timex Ironman that I 'll use -RRB- . Will I miss it if I 'm forced to alter a course for some reason ? You bet ! Would I wear it in a race ? No , of course not . 1 -RRB- Race courses are already measured ; 2 -RRB- I know what my mile splits should be ; 3 -RRB- It is kinda bulky -- not something I 'd combine with my racing flats.Overall
 I received my Timex Ironman Triathlon Speed + Distance watch/pedometer today and just finished using it on an inline skating outing . The paved trail I skate on is mostly in the woods yet the GPS received kept a signal despite the foliage . I hooked the receiver to by belt which was underneath my shirt and still worked fine . There is a slight delay on your current speed however , it 's about a 5 second delay but that was easy for me to overlook . Also , before I purchased it I thought there must be a cable connecting the watch and the GPS receiver and maybe it states this above and I am just a lazy reader , but the GPS receiver and the watch communicate wirelessly which was a big bonus for me.All in all it does what it says and $ 80 is about the best price I 've found for a GPS pedometer watch -LRB- there was a sticker on the box that said $ 200 -RRB- .
