 Worked great for 8 months then the outdoor temperature sensor just quit . I changed the batteries in both remote and unit , still does not work . I have 4 atomic clocks from 3 different companies and the outdoor temperature remote quit on all of them ! I have used alkaline batteries and lithium batteries and it makes no difference . Does anyone make a unit that lasts more than a year anymore ? It seems these units make it past the warranty and then quit .
 Sure it projects and it gives you the temperature , but it does not keep the time ! It randomly `` updates '' inncorectly with the radio signal , jumping a full minute off rather than a few seconds . Finally , it decided to `` sping ahead '' an hour -LRB- on Thursday night no less -RRB- even though I have daylight savings turned off ! Finally , I decided to take a hammer to it and get a real clock .
 HAD IT LESS THAN A MONTH ITS ALREADY BROKEN AND WAS A PAIN IN THE A$ $ . . I BUY A LOT OF STUFF ON THIS WEBSITE AND I NEVER WRITE A REVIEW BECAUSE IM ALWAYS CONTENT BUT THIS THING IS HORRIBLE THEY SHOULD PAY YOU TO TAKE THEM !
 I 'm sure this is a fine clock , like many others . I bought it thinking that I would be able to read the time on the ceiling . Unfortunately , the projection is so faint and small that I ca n't read it without my glasses on ! I have been looking for a clock with a large , clear projection and they do n't seem to exist anymore ; probably due to children safety . Anyway , I returned it .
 This clock is ok . I bought it to replace another one which broke . I do not like it as much but it will do .
 This clock is lighter than I thought which makes me think that it 's a bit cheap . But it works fine so far .
 My husband wanted this so he could see the outside temp which does work but the projected image is very small . Only way I can see the time is to put my glasses on .
 I liked this clock except for the issues others mentioned ; not back lit , kind of fussy to set up . We ordered it 2/9/09 and it quit working 2/10/10 . So we barely got a year use from it . Would not recommend .
 Not what was expected . Clock is not easy to program . External tempeture device does not transmit far enough .
 I finially got part of it working . Never have gotten the ouside temp to work . Not real happy with it .
 Projection was not sharp . Clock feels cheap . No backlighting and the temporary light is unilateral , not uniform . Times does n't automatically set . At first , I thought it was the poor reception for radio signals but then I bought the Emerson Dual Alarm Clock Radio with SmartSet and it automatically set the time in about 2 seconds.I have nothing good to day about this clock . Returned it within 1 hour of receipt .
 Put simply , outdoor sensor did n't work , blue backlight did n't work , did not sync with Atomic clock at all , projection is poor , alarm had to set . Not much to like . Spend $ 10 more & get a working item .
 We received this clock as a gift and it was the most frustrating item to get going ! First the manual tells you set the time , then you set the time zone . Once you set the time zone the time changes so you have start all over again . The clock has a very weak projection that we could never get to project continuously or get the outside temperature to register . We emailed and called the customer service of La Crosse and it was 4 days before we received an email that gave us a lengthy description of removing the batteries , unplugging the AC adapter , replugging , etc. . They also said over 30 clocks were returned for this very thing and nothing was wrong just a bad connection with the AC adapter . To me that means it 's faulty . Thank goodness for Amazon 's easy return policy because the La Crosse Technology company was absolutely no help whatsoever ! I would n't recommend this to anyone .
 I bought this product for Christmas for my husband . He had a difficult time setting it up but once he fiddled with it enough , it displayed the time and temp fine - for a week . Then the thing went out . My husband tried to get hold of customer service and they did not answer . He emailed them and it took a week for them to answer . They did not offer to replace it immediately , instead sent a lengthy questionnaire for him to fill out . The product does not work and the customer service does not help . I would not recommend to buy this product or anything from this company .
 Room has to be pitch black to see on the wall ... Not too good of a clock .
 So I should have read the other reviews first.The ceiling projection is really clear as long as it is very dark , if there is any other light in the room it drowns out the projection , not a big deal , but it would be much better if it was brighter.The biggest issue for us is that it toggles between outdoor temp and time , and you cant turn that feature off . So half the time we look up to see what time it is , it is showing the temp . Who really needs to wake up during the middle of the night to see what the outdoor temp is ? But if they do , half the time it will actually be showing the time .
 The outdoor temperature unit has stopped working in just 8 months ! I tried changing the battery , following all instructions , but it does not work even if I keep it right next to the clock.The user interface is also bad . Most watches are more easier to use than this clock . I would have expected a clock to be more easier to use as it has more surface for more buttons -LRB- if necessary -RRB- to be put . When you change the alarm time , you can not change the time backwards , you have go through the whole cycle -LRB- fortunately you do have separate buttons for hour and mins -RRB- . The buttons do n't feel very good.The clock is unstable , it can fall easily.If you wo n't use the alarm functions , it is probably a good clock while it lasts .
 This clock was great when we first received it . However , the temperature mode stopped after the second week . Then the projection would work off and on , then stopped . Paid too much money to lose it after only a couple of months . Bought a different projection clock from Target and love it !! Has worked now for 6 months , perfectly !
 do n't even bother , material is cheap and not worth itI would gone to the movies with what I spent on this thing and it would be more fun .
 I received this clock very quickly . I was disappointed after opening the box . The clock was open box . The product display shows projection for time and temperature both , but the clock I received has only time projection function . It is a totally different model than what I ordered after looking at the picture .
 THIS PRODUCT IS OF POOR QUALITY , HARD TO OPERATE , HARD TO READ DISPLAY . I BOUGHT ANOTHER FROM A DIFF . COMPANY .
 Just do n't waste your money.The actual product is plain crap.The product does very little of what is described on the manuel .1 . The light is so dim that you can barely see the projection on a wall in a dark room , and the intensity can not be adjustted .2 . The alarm is extremely quite and it stops automatically after 80 seconds . -LRB- Are the designers idiots ???? -RRB- 3 . There is no automatic adjustment of time using radio -LRB- or whatever they call it . -RRB- You have to adjust the time all by yourself .4 . The adjustment of time is very confusing since there are n't enough bottons .5 . The outside weather detection
 I was utterly disappointed by the atomic clock as a whole . It nevers syncs up except when I keep in on the window aisle . Buttons are hard to use ; they either do n't press or press and do n't do their thing . Projection is pathetic , does n't work well and is hard to read except when the room is really really dark . It does not have day and date indicators - horrific for any digital clock instead has the option of displaying external weather which by the way is not even close to accurate ! The green backlight is not so great either . Hope this helps !
 This is an excellent idea product , however very poorly built . The temperature difference is as high as 10 deg F between different sensors . I have two sensors , side by side -LRB- two different frequencies , 433 and 915 MHz in a protected area -LRB- no exposure to sun or rain -RRB- and both show temps 6 deg apart . I recently purchased two clocks and in both cases the sensors did not work . Stayed stuck on 77 F . When contacted CS , had to provide lengthy explanation of the problem , including proper installation steps , etc. . In both cases they replaced sensors and they working fine . We have 4 of these clocks throughout the house and nice thing about the sensors is that the work with different clocks , as long as they 're the same frequency . The alternative is $ 79.95 clock from -LSB- ... -RSB- . So , the choice is very easy .
 LCD not fully functional . Overall quality , poor . Seller wanted to replace product , but I wanted my money back . Returned for refund . I was refunded the original amount , but I was not refunded the return shipping fee . Bummer for that , but this is the only problem I 've ever had with a purchase through Amazon . I should 've read the customer reviews , b/c most of them indicated similar problems . Overall , poor product .
 I have had a clock of this type before and gave it to my daughter because we liked it so well . The LaCrosse clock was not nearly as good and cost more . I could not get the outside temperature to work ... -LRB- yes , I read and followed directions :-RRB- -RRB- The image on the ceiling was never clear and much smaller than the other one I had . I returned the clock .
 I bought this because a needed a new alarm clock , excited that it told outdoor temp . Temp works GREAT , but the alarm is so soft , you can barely hear it awake . My advice , find another clock .
 This clock has a critical design error - must be a malfunctioning atomic time update feature , but this clock will randomly change time by an hour or two . I have been late to work a few times b/c of it and now am on the hunt for just a standard alarm clock . I have done everything the manual says and I was careful to ensure my time zone was correct and everything.Outside of that one critical flaw , yeah it 's fine . the projection feature works cool . No other issue .
 This is a horrible clock I ordered it and disposed of the packing to get it into the garbage then set it all up and could not even see the red lighting on the ceiling I tried to fix it but to no avail I called and explained the problem to the LaCrosse company they told me it was not adjustable and I could purchase another from them that would be ... . NO thanks !!!! my only mistake was not keeping the packaging , as then I would have returned it to Amazon ... buyer beware if you want a clock you can read DO NOT buy a LaCrosse especially this model .
 I did order this items 2 different times and returned it both times . It was an inconvenience , time consuming and embarrassment because I had sent it directly as a present . The projected numbers missed part of the displayed bars that form the number . Buy at your own risk .
 I did n't like it at all . First one was defective and did n't project time . Amazon replaced it , but the new one was n't much better . Even if the room was pitch black you could hardly see time . So I 'm returning it as well and this time will buy different brand .
 I used the La Crosse Technology WT-5120U Projection Alarm Clock with Outdoor Temperature unit for tow years and was always dissatisfied with the projection brightness and its apparent inability to focus and to project it right side up - I adjusted to reading it at an angle.I recently bought an Oregon Scientific BAR338PA ExactSet Projection Clock with Cable-Free Weather Forecaster and am TOTALLY PLEASED . It feels much more sturdy , has this nice `` 180 deg projection reverse '' thing which makes it way easier to put the time/temp right side up from your bed . It also has a focus feature which I am sure is nice but I did not need to use . MOSTLY - this unit 's projection is GREAT !!! The La Crosse unit was always dim and small - the Oregon Scientific unit is like a movie screen - wide and bright enough to see at dusk and dawn -LRB- the La Crosse one could not be that bright -RRB- Anyway - I have used the La Crosse unit for two years but this Oregon Scientific is my total keeper . I will kive the LC unit to my daughter - she is 11 . : -RRB- S
 I got this clock because I thought that it would make my life easier when I get up in the middle of the night and want to see what time it is . This was a huge mistake . This clock is anything but convenient ! This particular model toggles between time and outdoor temperature . So if you wake up in the middle of the night and want to see what time it is , if the clock is displaying outdoor temperature , you 'll have to keep your eyes open for up to 5 seconds for it to toggle back to time . There is no way to turn the toggle feature off - I have confirmed this with their tech support , who suggested that I purchase their lower model which does not display outdoor temperature . Of course there 's no way I 'll be getting another La Crosse . Aside from this , the clock is not nearly perfect ; the buttons are hard to press and the projection is very dim so it 's very hard to see at night and completely useless during the day . I am currently shopping for a replacement and it will NOT be a La Crosse . Also , as others have mentioned , the instructions manual was frustrating and confusing - I would have been better off not referring to it because setting it up should have been quite easy .
 Hi , I just received my WT-512U projection alarm clock that I ordered 2 weeks ago and I 'm disappointed by both the LOW brightness of the projector and the backlighting of the display.I 'm engineer and I develop LEDs-based products so I can tell you this is bad quality . The projection has to be seen in the dark and also has to be at a distance between 1 and 2 meters from the wall to properly see the numbers . It does not have a focus feature if you wanted to put it closer or farther to a wall . The backlighting of the display is made by only one ugly greenish led . As a result one side of the display is n't well lighted.The only thing I liked in that product is that you can rotate the projection by an angle of 90 degrees -LRB- but you have to see it in the dark -RRB- So I would not recommend that product but if you want a dim projection of the time AND the temperature in your room it can do the job . Anyway I decided to return the product.Charly
 I received the WT-5120U-GB as a gift . It had a problem that should be a warranty matter . A request form on their web site resulted in a reply a month later asking for more information . A month after that a return authorization arrived , then the next day a different model -LRB- no outside temp , no projection -RRB- arrived . I 've given up and now have a Honeywell PCR825W - a larger , brighter projection of time , outdoor AND indoor temp .
 numbers are too small and appaears more cheaply made than other La Crosse models I 've had .
 Manufacturer information says that unit can project time / and or temperature . This is not true . Toggles between the two , and not able to be changed , per email from the company after I purchased it . Projection very dim . I had purchased a projection alarm clock for my son from Discovery Channel , and this works much better , much brighter , no waiting to see what the time is while the temperature projects .
 I spent the extra on this alarm because I wanted a projection feature.The projection feature lasted 2 weeks.I also had a wall clock made by LaCrosse that does not accurately reflect either the temperature or the humidity.Save your money , folks.Hopefully , Amazon will refund my $ $ $
 I 'm a big fan of projection clocks and atomic sync clocks , so the little temperature display was icing on the cake.My current projection clock is made by Oregon Scientific and I purchased it for around the same price as the La Crosse clock -LRB- ~ $ 20 -RRB- . I have my Oregon Scientific and La Crosse perched on the same shelf together and the differences in displays is amazing.The Oregon Scientific clock 's projection is slightly visible when the room light is on -LRB- very faint -RRB- , and is nicely illuminated when the lights are off -LRB- much like a red-LED clock display -RRB- . The La Crosse clock display is barely visible with the lights off in a pitch dark room.My ceiling is a nine foot ceiling and the shelf that my clocks rest on are about four feet off the ground , so the clocks are only projecting around ~ 5ft .2 stars for this clock -- One for the temperature sensor feature , because that 's neat and works well -LRB- the display cycles between the time and temperature every few seconds -RRB- - One for the atomic syncing , it did really well and was properly set within minutes . - Minus three stars because this clock fails at its primary function , which is a ceiling display . If you do n't mind a really faint display , or you can put the clock up to less than a couple feet under your ceiling , you * might * be ok.My recommendation - wait till Amazon puts the Oregon Scientific projection clocks on sale again .
 Do n't waste your money . Difficult to fit AC cord into unit . Frustrating to get working . Two foot drop to remote unit destroyed the whole thing - even the base unit stopped working . Cheap plastic construction . Cheap buttons . Not worth any money because is broke so easily .
 I purchased a similar La Crosse Projection Alarm approximately 10 years ago and loved it from day one . I recently decided to upgrade even though the old one still works as new . Thank goodness I did not throw the old one away as the new unit fails miserably in comparison . To begin with , the old clock has two alarms , not just one . Next , the earlier model allows you to select what is projected . I prefer to have only the time displayed but the new model can only alternate between time and temperature - quite aggravating . Finally , the old version allows you to preset the snooze time from zero to 55 minutes . I do not use the snooze feature so I set the time to zero and simply tap the snooze button once to turn the alarm off until the same time tomorrow . Like I said , I continue to use the original clock and put the new one in the guest bedroom .
 I was looking for a replacement clock as the projection on my original alarm clock with projection died . This La Crosse is not near as good . Unfortunately , I could not find one like my original one . The temperature does n't do me much good as it is always off by several degrees plus it is aggravating waiting to see the time when it is showing temperature . The clock does not set itself like it advertising and it is quite frustrating setting it . You definitely have to read the directions to figure it out ! I am now using two alarm clocks as I like my old one as I can also see the time on it regularly day or night very easily where the projection is the only decent way to see the time on this clock . The actual clock display is horrible during the day and only possible at night , if you press the button on top . It also has no stability and falls over with the slightest bump .
 Love the concept of this projection clock/outside temperature . however , every couple months or so it decides to readjust the time 4 hours ??? I have it set up correctly and for months it will go along nicely . Then randomly it jumps the hours just to f@*& with me . I 'll wake up at 2AM and it 's telling me it 's 6AM , not funny ! This has happened twice in approximately 4 months . The unit is pretty cheap and flimsy , you get what you pay for . But if this is your primary alarm clock , do n't trust it ! Still , I do like seeing the outside temp on my ceiling and as far as I can tell , it 's fairly accurate .
 This La Crosse weather station never worked as expected . Replaced it with one that does work . It did keep time .
 I had an Oregon Scientific one and it broke after more than 7 years . So I decided to try out this specific model by La Crosse . -LRB- By the way , this was cheaper at my local electronics store . -RRB- The buttons are hard to press , and I do n't have fat fingers . You need to press any of the buttons more than once to have it do something . The backlight is from one side and it does not illuminate the whole screen well . The projection size is VERY small , compared to my old Oregon Scientific one . I do not care to see the ourside temperature on the projection but there was no way to stop the toggling between the time and the outside temperature .
 Although initially we were very pleased with this product in less than a year it stopped projecting the time . I e-mailed the manufacturer and after some frustrating banter they sent me a new AC adapter . I was pleased as the clock again functioned properly ... unfortunately not for long . It refused to keep the correct time & the alarm would sound at unexpected times.Again I e-mailed the manufacturer but this time they were less than pleasant . Their response to my problem was to send me instruction on how to set the clock and although I had followed the very instruction in the manual I figured that maybe if I used those in the e-mail the clock would magically start working properly ... Not The Case . So I sent yet another e-mail and finally after waiting nearly 2 weeks with no response , I sent Amazon an e-mail terlling them of my situation . Hooray for Amazon ... I got a response in about a half hour of sending my e-mail & they sent me a new clock . Thumbs up for Amazon ... . Thumbs dowm for the manufacturer & the product for the replacement from Amazon does n't work.I would caution you , bad product , bad customer service .
 An old Oregon Scientific finally kicked off after years of great use . Ordered this because we still wanted red light display . The display is not strong enough to be readable . The time wo n't sync accurately . Returning product and will order an OR Sci item .
 I tried everything to make the outdoor sensor work and it would start out working but even at 5 feet away , by the next morning it would show - - - on my ceiling and i have to watch it for a few seconds just to see the time . Returning . will find just a normal projection clock .
 The feeder I received did n't look like this one . It had holes too small to get seed from , and a piece was missing and all the seed leaked out of that hole . I trashed it .
 This should be changed to the replacement part number which is cheaply made compared to original i payed extra to get the one pictured , disappointed .
 I wanted these for my Weber Summit gas grill to cook smaller items on the rotisserie since it has four closely spaced prongs while the forks that came with my grill have two prongs that are farther apart . The description says that these fit a 3/8 '' spit rod , which I thought would be perfect for the rod that came with my grill which is 3/8 '' square . They do n't say in the description that they meant a 3/8 '' round spit rod . Therefore , these do n't fit the rod in the Summit grill . I 'm going to try to grind out the hole with a rotary tool , but then will lose the finish in four spots which will result in it rusting at those points . My complaint is why do n't any of these products -LRB- not just rotisserie accessories , -RRB- specify what they fit in both size and shape ?
 These are too small to be much use . They are barely half as large as the meat forks that came with my rotisserie . They might work on something small like a Cornish hen .
 Not heavy duty at all . Not sure it will hold anything.I ordered two sets and am going to throw them away , not going to waste postage to return . I 'm surprised Amazon would sell this junk , a mistake I will not repeat.GrillPro 60120 Replacement Rotisserie Meat Forks
 We have a standard rotisserie from BBQ 's Galore and wanted a second set of meat forks to be able to roast two chickens at once . The hole that the skewer goes through was too small and we were n't able to use the forks . I wish the product description had the diameter of the hole in the forks so we could have compared them to our existing forks . The postage would have been as much as the forks cost to return them so we are stuck .
 The GrillPro tumble basket does not live up to its description . The two cubes do not fit together evenly which leaves a small opening where they connect . I used it to grill chicken wings and wings kept falling thru the opening and onto the grill . Would n't recommend this product to anyone .
 Very hard to open and close , makes it hard to put food in.a round one would be idea , but hard to fine
 Terrible product . Not easy to put BBQ rod through the openings , shipped two tops , can not access food while off the spit , cages get hot . etc etc. . I would not purchase this product again . If shipping was not so expensive , I would send it back ! Buyer Beware -- Do not buy this product .
 The basket does n't fit together properly , if you did manage to attach it to the rotisserie rod , there is no way to add or remove food , and while I was fiddling with it I noticed that the clamp ring is plastic . Plastic . For a hot grill . This was perhaps the junkiest and most poorly designed product I have ever purchased on Amazon .
 it is okay for one or two people , it does not lock together , very very hard to install on the bar , was not pleased with it at all !
 What a piece of junk ! Would you believe THERE IS NO DOOR TO PUT FOOD IN OR TAKE IT OUT . You have to dissasemble the whole spit to get anything out . The only chicken you could tumble is wings . Anything larger gets jammed between the spit and the basket . I used it one time and threw it out !
 Ca n't use it . No instructionns . I 'm pretty handy but I ca n't figure this thing out and neither and the other half a dozen people I shows it to . I was thinking of taking it to my brownie meeting and seeing if my 2nd graders could . The flat basket works well but this ????
 Used this EXACTLY as described on container . Simply put
 The crabgrass was unaffected by the product except for a little yellowing of the leaves . Did n't kill it . Ended up pulling the crabgrass out by digging it out with a shovel . Waste of money and time .
 I used this crabgrass killer last summer and it DID kill the crabgrass without hurting my New England lawn -LRB- predominately fescue -RRB- . HOWEVER , the product does not `` activate '' unless the ENTIRE crabgrass leaf is completely wet and covered with the fine powder -LRB- the product turns yellow to indicate that it has been activated -RRB- . It is nearly impossible to get the crabgrass `` wet enough '' to activate the product and if there is even the slightest breeze , forget applying the product as the fine-grained powder will blow all over the place . The applicator clogs -LRB- because you are shaking it on wet grass -RRB- and does not make for easy application . Since crabgrass spreads so quickly , this product is not practical at all for large areas -LRB- i.e. , pretty much everybody 's lawn -RRB- . Stick to corn gluten for an organic , pre-emergent option for crabgrass control .
 Sorry , but this product not only did not work , but it also killed the surrounding centipede grass and while the crabgrass is returning , the surrounding centipede is not . I used two bottles per the instructions and while the results showed within 2-3 days and it rained on the 3rd day , everything was killed . I was very disappointed in the results.There is no way that I can recommend such an expensive product that just does n't work as advertised . Too bad , because there is a good market for this product .
 Paid $ 20 at Ace Hardware for 2 pounds . I applied to basket grass and it turned brown for a few days but the entire area was growing back within a week .
 Product did NOT work , killed all around the crabgrass but not the crabgrass itself . I tried to contact the seller and received no response . Stay away .
 While the clock works quite well and resets as it should , the wireless outdoor thermometer is way off . I base this on two other wireless brands I own , an Acu-rite and a Oregon Scientific , along with the local NOAA weather broadcast , also WFIE TV . The Acu-rite temp = 18.2 F , the Oregon Scientific +18.5 F , and the NOAA broadcast temp @ 20:09 Jan28/07 = 18F , Local TV station WFIE-TV = 18F . -LSB- ... -RSB- As I write this , The Weather Channel also reports it is 18 degrees F at 20:30 . The La Crosse WS-8256U-AL reports it is 23.5 F , more than 5 degrees off . In my opinion , a clock/thermometer costing this much should be dead on.Buy it for the time , NOT the temperature .
 The purchase photos clearly show a brass spray tip and faucet fitting . The actual device is very flimsy plastic . The wand material seems like a soda straw . This device will not last at all . This is crummy false advertising . What you see is not what you get . I 'd return it , but my experiences with returning goods to Amazon have been dismal .
 Nozzle is not brass as pictured . The tube is plastic as well . That alone would should tell you not to buy this .
 While the photo looks as if the fitting at the end of the sprayer is made of brass , it and all the other parts are cheap plastic . I had another hose made by Smith and Hawkins that I bought a number of years ago and had it not been stolen , I would be using it today . It 's sprayer was made of metal and the end fitting was all brass . Worked beautifully .
 Received the Rumford indoor/outdoor coil hose with spray wand on April 22,2011 . Today , 16 days later , as it was in use , the piece where it attaches to the faucet broke apart , sending water all over . I was lucky that I was using it outside . There is no way that I can repair it . Feel that it was money wasted . I had a similar product for 6-7 years before it gave out .
 I bought this for my husband to water his vegetable garden and it only lasted 4 months before the lever broke off of it . It worked well up until then . . but , I would n't recommend it for outdoor use .
 For the most part all of the components are very good . However , the spindley hose falls way short for actual use . If the hosewere a larger diameter then this would be a good tool to have around .
 maybe I got a `` lemon '' , but this product needs some improvement . First , the thumb `` trigger '' broke.After I used some ingenuity , I was able to fix this by drilling a hole and inserting a metal bolt . Then the hose to faucet adapter would blow off the faucet when even a little water pressure was involved . This I solved by super gluing the plastic adapter together . It works now -LRB- for how long I do n't know -RRB- . So . unless you like to solve problems , I can not recommend this product .
 I debated & debated on purchasing this product , and I really wish I would n't have ... it 's just too much of a hassle to hook up !
 As someone else mentioned , the entire fixture is plastic , there 's no metal -LRB- as depicted in the picture -RRB- . Also , our main complaint is the hose diameter is so small that the flow is pretty slow , and so watering takes longer than we hoped . I 'm going to keep looking for one with a larger diameter .
 Blades did not fit the Ryobi I had -LRB- edger -RRB- that was mentioned by the website that it would fit .
 Product fit the edger and worked but the wear on the blade was faster than other blades purchased . Steel quality was low
 No , this product does not work . This is a big waste of money . It says it is for insects and rodents . I do n't know about the rodents as I do n't have any , but it does not work on insects . The night light sucks also .
 In 2002 the Federal Trade Commission -LRB- FTC -RRB- charged Lentek with making false and unsubstantiated claims in advertisements for its electronic mosquito and pest repellers and its air cleaning products . Six months later Lentek signed an agreement with the FTC to stop making such claims . In 2003 Lentek went through bankruptcy and was taken over by Koolatron.The Centers for Disease Control -LRB- CDC -RRB- tested electromagnetic and ultrasound devices and found they do not work.Neither Lentek or Koolatron has produced studies showing the products work.Before buying , do a search on various combinations of Lentek , FTC , bankruptcy , Kootatron .
 The holes are too small . I watched woodpeckers , chickadees and nuthatches try to get the peanuts but were not able to fit them through the openings . Sunflower and safflower seed falls out like rain . Do n't waste money on this item .
 The picture is completely wrong . It 'd green . Yes , the description does say green , but forgive me for thinking I was buying something that looks like the advertised picture ! More over , it does n't even look like the same twine but in green . It 's cheap and horrible and this is false advertising to put a picture of a completely different product . Furious .
 Looking at the photo I was deceived into believing that this was a good strong big ball of Jute , it is n't . It is a small ball of jute and quite thin , of course they do n't even give you the thickness in the description anyway . So I guess it is my fault for buying it . I wo n't again however . I have now ordered a large ball of jute that does have the strength and size on it .
 Twine is ok , but I guess I assumed that it would arrive looking like the picture . Although this clearly states green in the title , I did expect it to be more of a beige . Seeing the correct picture would have been helpful .
 The word ` green ' is in the title . Foolishly I looked at the traditional twine color in the photograph and assumed green referred to the fact that 's it 's biodegradable , natural , ` green . ' The photograph needs to be changed . I wholly wasted $ 5 , and the portrayal of this item reflects terribly against Amazon altogether .
 I purchased this from Amazon recently hoping to find something better than Roundup . This works on new weeds but on mature ones , ZILCH Guess I `` ll stick with Roundup.Elvin . North East Texas .
 Difficult to put together material not rigid enough almost bent in half . Top hinge impossible got two ends to connect but not the center hing.Should keep the snow out though . Would not buy another of their products .
 I purchased this cooler three years ago . I had no problem with the assembly ; it went rather quickly . My problem , however , is that now after three years , the plastic liner cracked in two or three places in the seam of the box . I took very good care of the cooler during the winter months -LRB- I live in the Midwest -RRB- by storing it inside my home . Now my only recourse is to try and mend the plastic liner or get a new one , if that is even possible .
 The concept is good but the material is cheap . The plastic will warp and the doors will not close . Also one good hit and it will shatter . Worth $ 50 ? maybe . Worth over $ 100 - absolutely not . I can not endorse it for the cost alone . For $ 100 - $ 125 build something out of wood .
 very cheaply made1/2 the cost it would be worth itnot the best buy i have donesave your money
 I like the idea of this product , it looks nice and I am sure that it would do what it is claiming to do . However when I received it they sent me two right sides and I was unable to put it together for a christmas gift , plus it looked as though they had just stuffed all the pieces in the box because there was no packing material around it . I am planning on purchasing this item again , however I might find a different way to get it .
 I bought this and sat and watched as a squirrel tried to get on the feeder . The first few times I enjoyed watching him go for a ride and getting flung off . Then on about the fifth try it simply stopped spinning and the squirrel was able to eat on the feeder for about 10 minutes before I finally went outside and chased him off . Later in the day I saw it spinning with nothing even around it . Birds also did n't seem to like the design as I used this feeder to replace another one that was very busy with cardinals , finches , sparrows , etc. and when this feeder was n't spinning I saw only one little finch go on it all day .
 The tires purchased were an exact fit . The price was substantially lower than the equipment supplier . Because of the size , the installation was taxing .
 The plastic adjustable nozzle that came with the Solo sprayer works better provides for more consistent droplet size . Use the brass nozzle only if you are satisfied with large droplets .
 The metal part that holds the brush says it is stainless steel . After a very short time , it was rusted and corroded.I wo n't buy this brush again .
 I ordered this item on Amazon.com as its description states Model # 06067P which is the BRASS bristle model . Amazon sent me 06067SSP which is the stainless steal bristles . I called to let them know of this mixup . We 'll see if I get the correct one .
 I ordered this brush and after a short time using it the wires started to come off and get on my grill grates . They are very small and when it happened I did n't notice it . I cooked some chicken breast and put on the table for dinner . My son was eating one and bit into a peace of wire . I had to really look close at the wire until I figured out that it was coming from this grill brush . I never had this happen to any other grill brush I have used . I would tell everyone to find a better brush than this one .
 I ordered this set thinking it was going to brass bristles . It was actually stainless steel . Amazon 's description says brass but item delivered was stainless steel . The bristles are not yellow in color and stainless steel bristles is labeled on the packaging . Only noticed it after use .
 Do n't buy . First one was cracked . Second one was cracked . Appears to be manufacturing defects . Amazon quickly replaced first and issued credit on second one . Amazon , for my inconvenience , issued an additional $ 20 store credit . Amazon-good . Manufactuer-bad .
 Length :
 Two large cracks even before use . Check carefully while washing up for the first time as the shipping coating hides the cracks . The cracks may or may not run . Cast iron is brittle . Cracking of cast iron is not that uncommon but in general it indicates poor quality materials and/or poor production procedures during the cooling and mold removal process . The Chinese cast iron can be excellent but when the importer takes bids for the absolute lowest price -LRB- ie the Walmart syndrome -RRB- this is what you get . Look at old cast iron skillets made in the USA and you will see that the grain and pores in that cast iron is much finer indicating better quality materials and production .
 Dear Consumer , I will try to be as unbiased as possible in writing this review to be as fair as possible to Mr. Barb-B-Q . The wok arrived in one day , which was great . I was impressed by its weight and solid structure . I did however notice a 2x4 inch raised ridge -LRB- defect -RRB- along the bottom of the inside cooking surface . I thought nothing of it and figured it would n't effect the cooking.As directions said , I applied a thin layer of vegetable oil to the whole pan and baked it for 350 in the oven . I wanted to get another coat on so I used peanut oil this time to help get the desired flavor seasoned into the pan . The second time it came out uneven . After cooking on it and then lightly washing it , I placed it on the stove to dry by heat and applied another coat of oil . This is where everything went wrong.The inside surface begun to crack , blister up , and peel off . The more and more I tried to gently reseason it , the worse it got until there were actually potholes on the bottom surface revealing bright shiny metal underneath . It is my understanding that cast-iron does not do this . It is my understanding also , that cast iron is very durable and would not crack or peel like this.When calling Mr. bbq customer service , they assured me that all their woks are made with 100 % cast-iron . I am now thinking that their manufacturer in China plaid Chinese joke on me by covering up a defective wok surface with some sort of black polish.Bottom line is , if you are worried about products that come out of China , I might think twice as I did about getting a replacement from this company . Who knows what type of chemical coating I ingested . At least I only did it once .
 This is my 1st Amazon Review and I 'm trying to help here as many of your reviews have helped me . I bought this wok because I love cooking with cast iron and I 'm cheap ... most of the time , and like you I agonized over the reviews
 It actually has a weight of 13lb , rather than the `` 8lb '' from product description of amazon . It is really heavy if you want to use it as a stir-frying wok . I do n't event try to use it when I realize it is that heavy ...
 Probibly would have loved it if they had been able to get it to me in one piece ! Ordered it twice , the second time it arrived even more dammaged than the first time .
 wok quickly cracked after 3 uses -LRB- that is counting the seasoning as well -RRB- very heavy , made of cheap metal , save yourself the troubles and go with carbon steel woks .
 It appears that is wok was not finished . Fresh out of cast with no buffing . Food sticks even after curing due to rough surface .
 This cast-iron wok arrived looking already cured . Following the instructions , I scrubbed it hard with soap and water . I put it on the stove to warm up , and a horrid stench filled the air.I 've now - soaked it in soapy water for a day - scrubbed it again - heated vegetable oil in it to try to dissolve the machine oil - scrubbed at it with steel wool , household cleaners , and a brass grill brushResult ? My hands are stained with black oil , and there are some silvery spots on the inside of the wok . At this rate , I will never be able to get enough of the cure off of it to make it fit to cook with.This product is completely useless and I am considering filling out a form to report it as unsafe . I see from reading the reviews that Laurence D'anna and T. Garrison had the same problem .
 This wok broke immediately after I cleaned it and heated it to dry . A complete waste of time , money and effort . Get the Lodge instead .
 Cooked with this about 3 times now the bottom is starting to chip off . I only used a wood spoon when I cooked and used water and a soft sponge to clean it with . Sending it back and getting the one that 's 10 $ more .
 We have had nothing but problems with this wok ! First item arrived with a crack in the base and then exchanged item appeared to be fine , until we cooked with it . When we were finished cooking , we lifted the wok from the stove and saw burnt sauce on the electric stovetop ! There is a tiny HOLE in the cast iron base , causing the wok to leak !!!! We will not be wasting our time by ordering another Mr. Bar B Q product , made in Hong Kong , Korea , Taiwan , China , Malaysia , Thailand and/or the Philippines . ! We will stick to Lodge Cast Iron - USA made and the best there is !
 The product description indicates a 16 '' wok , however only a 14 '' wok was delivered . Also , the packaging was even worse then other posters have described . The box was so battered , with no packing material , that I ca n't use it to ship the darn thing back and will have to pay out of pocket for a new shipping box . Amazon is offering a refund , but I still need a 16 '' wok!On a possitive note , it looks like an excellent wok and has a beutiful ring when you strike it , so no cracks , but is just is not big enough for my needs .
 Arrived w / a crack in the side . Did n't notice it until after I seasoned it . Its made of really cheap cast iron . Spend the extra 30 or so and get a something that can take the banging around during shipping and will outlast your grandchildren . I 'm returning this and getting the lodge cast iron wok.Ohh , and the oil they treat it with so it does n't rust before purchase is really hard to scrub off . Get one that 's pre-seasoned . You still need to scrub off the wax they use to pre-season then season it yourself in the oven but its not toxic . The oil on this wok is a nasty black/grey color and smells like a gas pump when you season it even after scrubbing it out multiple times before hand.At least amazon is picking up the tab for shipping this defective item back -LRB- reason for 2 stars . The product gets 0 stars -RRB- . Shipping was speedy but the item was not packed well . Like everything else I order that 's not a book and shrink wrapped to a cardboard `` plate '' .
 I ordered this cast iron wok - after seasoning per instructions it cracked on the rim . Returned it for replacement - second wok - cracked on the rim while seasoning it . Returned it - ordered the Lodge brand wok . Lodge is great - Mr Bar-B-Q very bad . My advice - pay for the good one.PS Amazon was great - immediate response on the returns and prompt processing of my credit - twice . All shipping fees paid - practically painless - no wonder their stock keeps going up .
 I wish that I could write a review on this item , but I ca n't . That 's because both the original one and its replacement arrived cracked . The first one looked intact grossly , but when I started scrubbing the heavy black coating it appeared that in fact it had a crack that was covered by the black coat . It was about 2 inches long , running straight down from the rim towards the bottom . Knowing cast iron , if I had tried to heat it for seasoning purposes it would probably have cracked all the way through and split the wok in 2 . I sent it back to Amazon and they quickly shipped a replacement . The 2nd one arrived in worse state than the first . I could tell it 's broken even without opening the package , by the rattling sound inside . Upon opening it was apparent that one of the two handles was broken off completely , together with a significant part of the rim . I did n't bother taking it out of the box . I tried to create another return , but Amazon sent me back an email saying that I can not get it replaced a second time , and instead I should send it back and wait for them to decide what to do about it . I hope I 'll get at least a refund .
 For home stir-fry -LRB- and frying , too -RRB- a cast iron wok is the best way to go , but not with the Mr. BBQ wok!Mine did n't come cracked - but it was missing the black cast-iron texturing in a big 2 X 2 '' spot -LRB- at the bottom of the pan where most of the cooking is done -RRB- , so there was a smooth , shiny metallic spot that probably would n't be able to build up the cast-iron `` patina '' . The shoddy craftmanship and Chinese origin also turned me off for another reason
 The wok is the worst cast iron product I have ever seen and it came broken just like the 1 Star folks said it would .
 The wok had cracks and the inside has a flat bottom , what kind of wok is that . IT GOT RETURNED !
 Ordered for excellent price . Wok arrived cracked . Obviously in shipment . Very poorly packed . Loose in box with insufficient packing material.Contacted Amazon , they shipped another . It also arrived cracked with same problem with packing . Sent back properly packaged . Requested refund.Yet to get refund . Wok appeared to be fairly good quality , but packing was atrocious .
 I have had high hopes for this after reading the reviews and was trying to ignore the bad reviews . Little did I know that I received defective item -LRB- s - so far it 's been the second one -RRB- . The original product received broken in two . Amazon customer service was very responsive and was sending me a replacement one the same day I issued the returned order . I have just received my second one about 30 minutes ago and guess what , it was also broken -LRB- the handle this time -RRB- . I have just issued another replacement . I am so very disappointed with this product . It makes me wonder if the product will deliver its promise ... Hopefully the third one will come intact until I can actually use it . The 1 star is only for the customer service . Hopefully they are as good as they sound .
 I received the wok yesterday . Just wondering why these iron wok coated with black painted ? I tired to seasoned it per instruction . I mentioned the paint peeling off . I thought the wok iron supposed to be natural iron color and will be turn to black patina after regular use and seasoned ... why these painted?Please let me know . Thank you !
 You only get one knob for this price . It is obvious from the picture and it is my own fault but would never have paid this much for one knob ! Ridiculous . You can get 3 knobs directly from weber for less than this . I ordered here because it rounded out my order .
 `` universal '' hah NO ... . The spit is to short so the plastic handel is in the grill -LRB- melting -RRB- and the bolt holes do n't line up . The moter turns off when ever it like -LRB- burning the food on one side -RRB- and I have only used it 2 times . : -LRB- Save your money and do n't buy this
 Great concept - terrible execution . I was expecting much more sophistication in the software . The big problem came when I transferred the program to the timer . All the information transferred , but the program never executed . I tried two times . Finally cleared the timer 's memory and manually entered the timer info . A waste of my time and money .
 I ordered this flag pole kit from Ace Hardware , through Amazon , and when I received it , the gold ball and the small box it was packed in was crushed . I called Ace Hardware Warehouse and they were very attentive to my problem and promised to send a second kit . When I received it , I carefully opened it and sure enough , the gold ball and the box it was in was packed below the pipes which crushed both the ball and the box , as before . There 's nothing on the box that tells shippers and handlers not to stand the box on it 's end and , not knowing , that 's the way UPS left it at our door . Highly recommend Ace hardware but until Valley Forge rethinks the way they pack this kit , you 're wasting your time .
 Uhhhggg ... as expected the flagpole topper was BUSTED !!! Why does n't Valley Forge come up with a better way to package/mark/ship their flagpoles and toppers !?!?!?! So Frustrating to present someone with a gift and have it be busted into pieces and have to go through the process of repacking and shipping , refunds before it can be put use !!! I even sent an e.mail to who I ordered the flag Pole kit from and requested they mark the box to please `` Do Not Stand On End '' and this is the response to my Email : Hi , Please note if a product is damaged or defective you are not responsible for return postage and we will assist you with this.We are not a shipping center , just an office . These are shipped from 8 other warehouses that hold our stock and although Ihave sent multiple requests for additional care in packaging , I am unable guarantee how the warehouse or UPS handles our items.Regards , NinaGrrrr ... If I have to return it and you have to send me another one and IT TOO is not guaranteed to be handled with care whats the sense in purchasing and keeping your products ?!?!?! Who IS being held responsible ???
 I bought this to replace a similar raingauge . When I received it I noticed that the numbers on the gauge are about 1/4 inch big and just stamped in the plastic . No paint or anything to make them standout . The gauge only sits about 6 feet from my house but I ca n't see how much rain we have had unless I go out -LRB- with my glasses on -RRB- and look at it . My old one -LRB- similar in appearance -RRB- I could read from in the house . This one is hard to read with my glasses on and holding it in my had . I would not this type again .
 The rain gauge as pictured is not exactly what i recieved . The one delivered was slightly different . It was a tapered tube , and the numbers were not painted . The taper is OK , but with the numbers being not painted , it is very difficult to read the rain volume . I am very disappointed .
 Pole arrived on time and was as described . The sections of the pole must be assembled by inserting one section into another . Unfortunately , burrs and sizing problems made it very difficult to assemble . It was finally assembled with the use of a grinder , mallet , and hack saw . If it had been easier to assemble , it would have been rated at 3 or 4 stars.Update January 2011 . This pole has been up for a few months , but was destroyed during the first significant winter storm , a blizzard with about 20 to 30 mph winds . The wind bent it so far over that the pole buckled about 8 inches above ground level . -LRB- I had taken the flag down before the storm struck to reduce wind resistance . -RRB- I have neighbors who 've had flag poles up for over 20 years without any problems . This pole was difficult to assemble because of poor quality control and the metal is too weak to withstand normal New England winter storm conditions .
 The flag I received was not in any original packaging as shown in the picture . The flag I received was sold by sevenbrothersmercantile . It arrived crammed into a plain brown envelope . It was neatly folded but it was n't what I was expecting . I have no way of knowing if it is a Valley Forge brand flag made in the U.S. or not . For all I know it 's a Chinese import . One of the reasons I picked this flag was because I was going to give it as a gift , so I was disappointed that it did n't come in the packaging for that reason as well . So , I decided to check out the flag since it 's not packaged . It has a variety of loose threads and ends that I had to trim or pluck off the flag . Minor issue ; nothing I might not expect for something with so much stitching I suppose . The other issue though was that the white stripes were stained with red from the red stripes . Not sure if this is mfr issue -LRB- whoever it is -RRB- or if this flag was stored in a high moisture environment that led to the bleeding -LRB- at sevenbrothersmercantile -RRB- . Since this is my first flag , I 'm not sure if this is common but I did not expect it and it made me unhappy with the quality . The only good news was that the communiction from the sevenbrothersmercantile was good and shipping was timely . However , I 'm left with a a flag that 's not worth the hassle of trying to return and is also not something I 'm happy with to give to someone as a gift . So , essentially , it is now garbage . I 'm very disappointed with the vendor that they shipped something that does not match the picture -LRB- or at least I certainly ca n't verify it -RRB- and so much for a couple positive reviews by others -- well , at least in my opinion . Good luck to others finding a flag on Amazon . I 'm thinking I should purchase locally even though it will cost more so I can see what I 'm getting . Buying flags on the internet seems dicey to me now . I really expected to receive exactly what I saw in the picture as that has been the case with all of my many other Amazon purchases .
 Seven Brothers did fulfill the order for an embroidered flag . But the picture shown is that of a Valley Forge brand flag . That is not what was received . It was a flag stuffed in a 4 `` x6 '' brown envelope with no packaging . It is obviously a knock off . It is not so much the product I am unhappy with -LRB- do n't know how long it will last yet ... -RRB- , but the deception involved . Seven Bro.s should just show the product for what it is . Do not buy from Seven Brothers if you expect to get the name brand product that they show in the picture ! Following is communication I had with Seven Brothers . Decide for yourself if you want to do business with them : ______________________________________________ Amazon Communication Center wrote : Hello from Amazon.com . - A potential buyer has sent you the following message about an item you have for sale on Amazon.com : You are deceptive in showing an image of a Valley Forge Flag . I will complain to Amazon and rate you poorly for false advertising . I would have purchased your product regardless of the brand if the picture would have been honest , but do not like to be lied to . ______________________________________________ Flags from SEVENBROS.COMshow details 3/17/10i dont have control of the picture . . i only offer to match their price and quality or better.the flag sent to you is superior in quality and price . return it , dont steal it . please dont hold me to a higher standard than you are holding yourself.clint ______________________________________________ Seller does n't have control over the image of an item they are selling ? Stupidest thing I 've ever heard . I must also say I am disappointed that almost a year later Amazon has not required this seller to be truthful .
 The ad shows a Valley Forge brand flag . I was sent an Oker brand flag , whatever that is .
 The quanlity of this flag is n't very good . I always find different defects of flags . It 's a pity . We need good flag !
 Very attractive and appeared to be well made flag . Unfortunately it has lasted just 8 months . We usually get right at a year , so , I am disappointed in the durability of this flag .
 THE PLANT DID NOT LAST 2 WEEKS THE PLANT DID NOT LOOK LIKE THE PICTURE MUCH SMALLER THE LEAVES KEPT FALLING OFF WILL NOT ORDER THIS PLANT AGAIN A WASTE OF MONEY
 Please be aware you are going to have to buy additional parts and use some ingenuity to keep hardware at both ends of the hose from leaking and coming off . I am very frustrated because I had to spend extra money and it still leaks at both ends !
 This looks like it will be very easy to operate if we can ever get it to stop leaking between the hose and the sprayer . One or two o-rings should have been supplied by the manufacturer for this purchase . Hopefully we will be able to find one in a hardware store , but it should n't be necessary .
 This item could be great , but it is of very poor quality . If you should happen to forget to release the water pressure in the hose when you are finished watering , you will later come back to a flooded house . We tried to make sure we turned off the faucet and drained the hose with the spray nozzle each time we used it . The two times we forgot , the hose burst , causing a flood . The fitting that attaches to the faucet end is an oddball size and will likely need an adapter fitting .
 i purchased this product to water plants on my patio . it was supposeto attach to your kitchen faucet . never did i search and searched foran attachment nowhere could i find one . e-mail the company it originallycame from no reply . this was a total loss ! do n't purchase this product!purchased it through amazon .
 Broke during first try . The hose broke off . I liked the concept but ended up throwing in trash . Not happy . Wish to find similar hose that would work from kitchen faucet to my deck . Any suggestions
 I seldom have any problem with anything purchased at Amazon but this item istotal junk . It does not fit any faucet in my house . Have made multiple trips tohardware store and have yet to find an adapter for this thing . Do n't waste your money on this thing . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 It was great while it lasted -LRB- about 4-5 days -RRB- . I got this to wash my dog 's feet before she comes in the house . It connected to my faucet without problems , yes it leaked but I was ok with that , afterall it goes into the sink . BUT then , the handle split down the middle ... Tried to replace it at Lowes , could n't , so I glued and taped it ... That lasted 2 days and it split again ... Then it came apart at the other end where it goes to the faucet . The hose popped out and there is no putting it back in ... Basically I paid $ 15 to wash my dog 's feet for about 5 days ...
 Tried every sink in my house , and it did n't attach to any of them . Product should really come with several adapters -LRB- mine did n't come with * any * -RRB- to attach to different sinks . Good idea , poor execution .
 This is the first time I was unhappy with a purchase from Amazon . The hose connections leak at both ends . It is clearly a poor knock-off of the original . I am sorry that I bought it but use in infrequently so I did not bother with the hassle of returning it . I just will never purchase anything else from that company . I have purchased other things from other companys over the years and been pleased .
 When I hooked this thing up , water sprayed all over the place . When I tried to tighten it up the hose came loose from the fitting .
 The picture gives the impression the hose is a flexible medium size hose when in fact , it is thicker than a garden hose and very tough to maneuver.It comes coiled and hard to uncoil . It doesnt come with the different faucet attachments you need to buy and the heavy hose is tough on you draggining it thru your home . Not satisfied with this at all .
 I can not rate this product because this hose does not fit any of my indoor faucets . We are in the process of trying to find an adaptor , but as yet have not been able to .
 I found the indoor hose hard to work with . The adapter that was sent with it did not fit my faucet . After buying another adapter to use on the hose it starting leaking and also leaks at the sprayer end . So my hands , shoes and pants get wet.Not happy with the product at all .
 I did not heed the warning about the bad connections left by other reviewers so I now I join them in complaining . To connect to an indoor sink faucet requires an additional adapter of some sort either to use the outdoor hose version -LRB- which seems to be tight enough -RRB- or replace the indoor version that is included . Big time leaks , more than can be ignored . Do not recommend unless you intend to connect to an outdoor faucet which of course defeats the purpose . And yes I tried all sorts of washer combinations .
 This product will not connect to the kitchen sink . The adapter that they suggested we purchase with this product does not fit on the kitchen sink . The hose does fit on the outdoor water spout . WOW a big bargin !!!!! Do n't bother
 The hose is clearly shown to be attached to the kitchen sink but in reality the coupling is for a garden hose.The spray lever is very hard to operate and my wife has had lots of trouble depressing the lever .
 How long is the hose ? It does n't say anywhere that I can find . What kind of outfit sells hoses without telling you how long the hose is ?
 A great idea for a product but I ca n't get it to connect.Have made 3 trips to the hardware store and ca n't find aconnector that will work . It wo n't connect to the kitchensink , a bathroom sink or a shower . I think they should bemore specific about what type and size of things it willconnect to . I have wasted a lot of time and money on this hose .
 I have a standard sink faucet in the kitchen . You can unscrew the aerator from the end of the faucet and there is a treaded `` hole '' there . This is a pretty standard size and as far as I can remember every faucet I 've ever had had the same size female threads.This hose comes with a female faucet connector that will not fit the standard faucet . I had to buy two adapters to get this to work . First a `` Hose Thread Adapter '' that screwed into the standard faucet and which provides a standard garden hose screw connection . Then I bought a hose thread to the smaller thread adapter to accomodate this hose.All of this screws together . Another hose I had a long while ago came with a snap on connector and screwed right into the standard faucet female adapter .
 I can not fully review this product as I have yet to be able to attach it to my sink . The hose attachment threads are smaller than my sink faucet threads . I have a standard sink and now have to find an adapter . This is pretty frustrating .
 This is hateful thing ! I ordered the 2 `` suggested '' connectors with this . The hose as it came would n't fit the faucet , and neither of the 2 connector sets fit either ! DO NOT BUY THIS !
 The hose was as described but I have difficulty attaching it to my bathroom sink where I wanted to use it because the washer made it unable to screw it on and water was leaking everywhere . The other attachment would not work on indoor sinks .
 I sent it back once and then they sent me the very same thing again . Under the description it says that a wood pole and bracket are included but they are not .
 They sent me the wrong item not once , but twice . Then preceeded to argue that there was no way that could have happened again . There are plenty of competent and respectful merchants out there . I suggest to use them instead .
 The Storm Station now lies among all the garbage I threw out after Hurricane Irene . I have had the storm station for several years and have perhaps used it twice in that entire time . the first time was to try to run my son 's asthma nebulizer off the inverter but the unit did not have the power required to run it . still I kept it plugged in and charged `` just in case '' . well `` just in case '' arrived in the form of a hurricane . After the lights went out I brought the Storm station out and flipped on the room light button ... nothing . next i tried the radio ... again nothing -LRB- not even static -RRB- . the detachable flashlight worked so I knew the unit had been charged . I tried getting it to work for about 10 minutes before I gave up in frustration . when the power was restored I plugged the SS back in and watched as the `` charging '' indication went from red to green . While it was plugged in I tried the light and radio which both worked . I let the unit charge until the light stayed green and unplugged it . Nothing . The charged light went out immediately and nothing functioned . You would think that a product of this nature would have a bit more in the way of reliability . Fortunately my family was in no real danger from the storm .
 I purchased this unit about 6 months ago for about 85.00 for emergency purposes . It arrived and I plugged it in and forgot about it . I lost power and tried to use the 12 volt source to power a cell phone and it did n't work . Oh well ! Amazon replaced the product but ... . There are better ways to prepare for emergencies and I would suggest you look for another product.I also saw it advertised on Amazon later for about 49.00 . Oh well ! I felt like I got duped .
 This is a toy for picnics and occasional short-term -LRB- 30 minute -RRB- power outages . DO NOT bet your safety on the `` StormStation . '' Shop around . There are far more reliable and practical products for the money . In the meantime , Black & Decker should either discontinue this product or sell it for a vastly-reduced price with a disclaimer that it is not for actual emergencies.Again , DO NOT bet your or your family 's safety on this product .
 Never found out how well the battery backup worked since I returned the unit a few days after receiving it . The WB and TV Band 2 picked up virtually no signal at all . A Stormstation which can not pick up the weather band seemed rather useless .
 This is not dependable in a storm . The light indicating that it is fully charged does not come on EVER . The outlets which would be great for charging a cell phone do not work . It is also an eyesore . The flashlight works . At first , the radio worked . I do not keep it plugged in all the time as I had in the past , so unless I know a storm is coming well in advance , this does not help at all .
 DO NOT BUY A BLACK & DECKER STORM STATION ! Critical parts such as the flashlight are no longer available . Black & Decker expresses zero concern about their total lack of customer parts service . Black & Decker is off my shopping list forever . Do n't buy from a company who cares not one iota about customer service and satisfaction .
 After having survived 5 days with no water , heat nor electricity , I was very disappointed to find the Black & Decker Stormstation outlet was only strong enough to charge a cellphone -- and that took overnight . It would not operate a toaster oven or even a coffee maker . I felt I was ripped off with total misrepresentation !
 My husband got this from me for Christmas . He said he would rather have a generator because this does n't do what he would need it to do . He took it back & paid more for a generator .
 We recieved this as a Christmas gift from my preparedness minded mother-in-law . Loved the idea and immediately read the manual and employed . Every 3 months I checked it to make sure it was working correctly . After just a year of charging/storing as manufacturer recommends , the station no longer holds any charge .
 I received this as a gift 3 years ago and pull it out each year and recharge it . This year the main battery is dead and wo n't recharge even though the green light indicates it 's fully charged . The flashlight works and does recharge . A replacement battery is over $ 30.00 with shipping . The unit does work when it 's plugged in -LRB- not its intended purpose -RRB- , but the radio only works on am/fm with just static on the other channels . I would n't buy one of these .
 Given that this is meant to provide back up service in case of an emergency you 'd expect it to be reliable.It failed after 1 year of service . In other words after a year of sitting around do nothing . It now does even less
 I ordered one of these this week because I found it $ 30 less on Amazon than in WalMart . However , after receiving the product , I made some interesting discoveries that caused me to return it .1 . The item appears well built . However , after a complete charge , the DC to AC converter would only put out ~ 100VAC instead of 120VAC as described .2 . I could not bring in any weather channels . Other weather radios in the house work fine . However , this does not .3 . I also discovered that the 120VAC and 12VDC outlets will not work unless there is an actual power outage . I assumed that there was a pass-through for them -LRB- like a UPS can have items plugged into it while it charges the UPS -RRB- so you could keep a spare cell phone and car adapter plugged in the 12VDC and it would charge both the storm station and the phone at the same time.All in all , I am disappointed in this . I 'm not sure what the problem was with the 120VAC , but I really did n't like the idea of the 120VAC and 12VDC outlets not working unless there is NO power to the unit.Just my .02
 We bought several of these for gifts for the holidays , but when using the one we got for ourselves a couple of issues became obvious . Primarily , it 's not as `` set it and forget it '' as it should be . Once the battery is fully charged , you are then supposed to uplug it and turn it off -- which makes its automatic `` find me '' light pointless . If you know in advance that the power is going to go out , it might be OK , but then how is that different from having to get some flashlights and candles ready?Secondly , it 's construction reminds me of a child 's fireman toy.It has its uses , but these design oversights prevent me from actually recomending the product .
 I only gave this product 1 star for the following reasons :1 . The instructions are extremely confusing . Leave plugged in or not ? Finally , I decided to go with this tiny sticker under the handle that says `` To be prepared , leave plugged in all the time . '' This is contradicting what the instruction booklet seems to say .2 . The 25 watt limit is just that -- a limit . I plugged in every thing in my house and the only thing it will run is a small clock . Anything that makes heat will not work . This includes a coffeemaker -LRB- 850 watts -RRB- , tea maker , toaster , hair dryer , etc. . Big disappointment . Small appliances use alot more electricity than 25 watts .3 . The thing is UGLY . If you leave it plugged in , it is so ugly that you want to stick it under a counter somewhere behind closed doors . This defeats the use of the `` find me '' light if it 's hidden because it 's too ugly to look at .4 . The AM/FM radio works nice . However , the other three bands appear to be static -- no help there .5 . I can recharge my cell phone with it . But if you recharge the cell before the storm and have a 3-5 day battery in your phone , hopefully , you wo n't be stuck somewhere longer than it takes to run the battery down in your cell . But if you do , you can recharge it -- if you have n't used all the juice running your clock in the meantime .6 . The rechargable flashlight works nice . It 's basically a $ 100 radio/rechargeable flashlight.There might be a better product out there that could do more . For the price , you just do n't get much from this Black & Decker product .
 I had great hopes for this product , as it combines several devices I want to keep on hand for emergencies -- an always charged flashlight , a multi-band radio , and a small power supply . And the locator light , on power down , is a great idea.Unfortunately , I think this product looked * much * better on paper than in reality.First , the flashlight * never * held a charge . And I do n't mean it holds a charge for a short time , then dims -- the flashlight was dim out of the box , and was dim on pulling it out of the charging cradle after sitting plugged in for a month . Ugh.The radio seems inadequate for most purposes . Reception was spotty for me , and I was n't able to pull in some stations I wanted . The tuning is awfully sensitive too -- jostle it and it changes . It seems to drift over time as well , requiring constant readjustment.The battery power -- adequate . I was able to run a discharged cell phone for about 30 minutes with the radio going as well.I think it is telling that the original retail price of $ 168 keeps being undercut.Can ' t depend on this in an emergency . I replaced it with other , separate pieces . Wish they could have made it work ...
 It looked like it was charged up . It indicated it was charged up . But when a power outage hit -- nothing . I followed the instructions , I left it plugged in , but got nothing , and now it refuses to hold any sort of charge . Throw this garbage product in the garbage can .
 I bought this and am still tring to find a connector for my cell phone . They include some but my Motorola , my friends Sony and other friends who tried it can not charge their cells . Tthe weather band has nothing but noise . We managed to get 2 radio stations but only one was clear and we got 1 TV . . i GAVE IT 2 stars only because the flash light worked -LRB- and we have plenty of of those already -RRB- and the big light was bright enough to see the area around the coffee table . We are told it warns us of outages but you have to keep it plugged into wall outlet at all times or the charge to the main battery goes so how can it warn me of anything . The power would go out and the reach for flash lights and lanterns would proceed as usual . I live in New England and get fierce winter storms with snow , ice and heavy winds and are also known for our Northeasters and also we are not as bad as Florida and Lousiana , but we get some full blown hurricanes being so close to the Atlantic Ocean . I am going to buy somthing more dependable . Take my advice no matter what other reviewers say-Buy A Dependable Emergency Device . We also sail and thought maybe we could use it as a backup for storm warnings but the weather band does nothing . We tested it when a storm was going to hit last week and it failed to warn it was coming . Thankfully we are well prepared with another strong shore to shore weather radio .
 the freshlight is not chargeable . The charge light is on all the time , but fresh light cab ' t turn it on . It 's never work since we purchased it.And the radio did not work very good .
 I bought this flag pole because it was small , looked nice and has a cap on it . What I did n't know is the anti-furl plastic sleeving is made to fit a 2x3 flag with a sleeve pole . I have already purchased the wrong flags for this pole and ca n't return them . I 'm disappointed a better explanation was n't given for what flags can be used on this pole . A 3x5 with grommets -LRB- or sleeving -RRB- looks horrible on this pole because you have to rig a fastener for the bottom , and the anti-wrap sleeving is not useable.It 's a great pole and a great deal as long as you are able to accommodate it 's limited capacity .
 Gave Amazon the one star ! This is suggested for the Birds choice purple martin house . IT IS NOT COMPATIBLE !!! Save yourself the trouble of ordering and returning -- and make sure it fits with the bird house that you order . Second time a `` suggestion '' from amazon turned out to be incompatible with the other item i purchased . Otherwise I 'm sure it 's a fine pole but luckily we tested the connection before we installed it .
 Last Heath product I will ever purchase !! Not stable when fully extended ! Large sway at top where bird house is mounted . PLUS , LOCKING PINS broke when utilized . Will NOT be able to lower Bird House without cutting down poleI would return but , I ca n't get it down . Spend a little bit more ands get better quality !!
 About what I expected , the telescoping pole locks wo n't hold good . Ripoff for the price they charge , only reason I ordered it is because you ca n't buy a suitable pole locally . I just drill holes and put in bolts for the telescoping system . Also the suggestion for setting the pole about 18 inches deep is a laugher , needs to be at least 30 inches deep where I live .
 When we received the pole it had to be `` adjusted '' with a hammer to make it fit inside center hold for the Martin house .
 BEWARE !!! While I do n't have an issue with the construction of Purple Martin Birdhouse poles , the company obviously has a quality control issue . I ordered two sets of poles , but neither arrived as a complete set . I checked the boxes to see if the right ones were shipped ... yes , Amazon shipped the right boxes . However , one set had a 11/4 '' gord upper pole and the other had no upper pole at all . Needless to say , I have two sets of incomplete poles of which none can be used to put my purple martin houses up . I will contact the company to see if they will fix this issue , but until then my houses are on the ground and the purple martins will arrive soon.UPDATE
 We bought this pole to go with a martin house we purchased . The pole is fine but the locking system is terrible . We could not get the hook to work either upright or on the ground like some reviews indicated . We ended up using a metal drill and nuts and bolts . We drilled holes thru the pipe and then bolted the pipes together . this worked great . Now when it is time to clean , all we have to do is take out the bolts and lower the pole by sections . Design of the locking system needs to change .
 Pole bent about 40 degrees in 60 mph wind . Expected better from a steel pole .
 The ` Easy Locking ' system is probably the greatest misnomer on any product.Additionally like so many other consumers my pole had no markings indicating which end was which . You are expected to force and twist a curved bolt like piece of metal between the two poles in a small gap with little clearance.This requires two people at least and usually can only be done with the pole assembled and on the ground.This in turn makes it IMPOSSIBLE to actually telescope the pole without taking the whole system down to the ground.The pole seems sturdy enough but the locking system makes this less than useless for regular cleaning and maintaining a purple martin house .
 I bought a Valley Forge 1 '' Cast Aluminum Multi-position Adjustable flag bracket . Two weeks later a rainstorm came along in the middle of the night , and the wind tore it right in half . I 'm not talking about a tornado here , just a typical -LRB- though strong -RRB- wind / rain storm.So on the 4th of July I bought a new one . On the 9th of July another storm -LRB- not even that bad , and only 10 minutes long -RRB- tore that one right in half.The weakness of this awful bracket is the thin layer of aluminum in between the adjustable bracket and the arm . When a flag gets wet it gets heavy , and when the wind blows it 's going to put some pressure on the bracket . Cast aluminum is weak and snaps easily.I now have to shop for a whole new bracket , and I have screw holes through the new vinyl siding of my house due to removing the old one . DO NOT get cast aluminum flag brackets for use outdoors , and avoid adjustable . Look for STAINLESS STEEL brackets with at least four screw holes .
 I have owned two of the brackets as well . Both of them broke in the same spot at the base . One was just in the wind the other in a moderate rain storm , but neither of the storms should have been enough to break the bracket . The only reason I gave it a second chance was I did n't want to have to redrill holes in the brick wall it was mounted to , but looks like I will have to unless I can find the same bolt pattern on a stronger bracket . If you live in a mild climate with no wind or rain this bracket will work , for the rest of the world keep looking .
 I agree with the previous commenter . Mine broke in half too . This thing is junk .
 This cast aluminum bracket broke in half at the base , at the point where it adjusts to different angles . It is not well engineered . This failure is apparently the same as several others have had before me.I called Valley Forge Flag to see if they would replace the bracket and they would not . But the funniest part was that two different reps -LRB- including one supervisor -RRB- told me tha the flag & pole had to be removed from the base if ANY wind & rain was expected.I go out of my way to buy American made products but ... Do yourself a favor and buy elsewhere ... Made in America -LRB- PA in this case -RRB- does not automatically guarantee good quality.I wish I had taken the time to read the reviews before buying this bracket .
 The aluminum used in these castings is of low grade and fractures too easily . You wo n't see this until after many cyles of wind that can jiggle the flagpole . Mine lasted a year -LRB- only used in summertime -RRB- . The biggest danger is when the pole and a fractured part of the holder become airborne .
 This is an overpriced piece of cast metal . With shipping , I paid over 14 dollarsfor a product I had to improve . It needed deburing of sharp edges and an insertto hold the 1 '' flag pole securely . Regardless of the thumb screw on the side . Theopening should have been designed with closer tolerance for the 1 '' pole it isadvertised for . Moderate wind would wrench your flag pole if used as is.Valley Forge 2 Postion White Powder Coated Aluminum Bracket
 No surprise here , these are made in China . The finish is poor with areas of powder coat missing and rough casts marks still on the item . See my photos for more info .
 Did not allow my flag pole to fit.The pole is larger diameter than this bracket.How do I return ?
 After using this a few times , it has been very difficult to connect the hose to the root feeder . The hose will shoot out of the feeder and I believe this is causing the feeder to get stripped . I think it should connect better .
 Ross Root Feeders are a good product but this model is too light weight for dry clay soil and will break at the neck . Have had a heavier weight feeder and it has preformed very well over the years .
 I purchased this after my old one of about 20 years gave out this spring . I was able to use the new one once on two new small trees . With the current lack of rain in our area , I wanted to give them both a second deep watering . I was able to start the watering using the feeder on the smaller of my two trees and was ready to do the second side -LRB- I water twice on each tree , once on each side -RRB- and pulled the feeder out . As I moved it to the second side , away from the water source , the hose connection snapped . As this is a major source of strain on the device , I was very surprised that this was so poorly constructed . I will not buy another of this design and material . I would like to be able to use my remaining supply of plant food that I have for the feeder , but so far have not been able to find another that will take any sort of feeding material in addition to watering .
 Anyone who still has , or remembers the original Ross Root Feeder , will be shocked by this item -LRB- and also the `` professional '' version -RRB- . It is cheaply made -LRB- plastic with a weak metal rod -RRB- and must be used with care . With those caveats , it does the job . I hope it will last the season . However long it lasts , I will not buy another of these -- unless they go back to the original product -- which was `` professional '' grade as there was only one grade ! No rip-offs . If they want to make these new types , the price should be MUCh lower .
 I had my old Ross root feeder and after so many years it rusted out.I order this new one ... was a waste , it takes forever to deep irrigate trees or bushes ... . finally I got and old one from a garage sale ... I use Ross fertilizers quite a lot -LRB- good product -RRB- but not the new feeders .
 I recently purchased this product to deep water an orange tree . After three probes into the ground , which was somewhat firm the tip broke off the end of the tube.Checking the end of the tube there was three small spot welds used to hole the pointed water distribution tip onto the tube . This product was a complete failureand I would not recommend purchasing this product .
 Since about 1998 I 've had a 325 GPH Beckett pump and about every 2-3 years like clockwork the pump fails and trips the GFI receptacle . I use the pump in a small 1/2 wine barrel pond with an old style well pump . The head height is less than 24 '' and the pump only runs 4 hours in the morning and 4 hours in the evening . I 'm pretty careful to keep the screen clean so as not to overheat the pump . My fourth pump failed yesterday . It has only been in operation since June of 2008 . The good news is , it was a warranty replacement for the previous pump that failed in the exact same way . Teh bad news is they will not replace a warranty replacement . The pumps are `` potted '' so they are not servicable and must be replaced when they fail -LRB- throw aways -RRB- . I would advise against purchasing Beckett pumps as the seem to keep failing the same way and at about the same time frame .
 I have had my KOI pond for about 6 years and this is the worst pump I have ever purchased ! It does not even outperform the 10 dollar waterfall pump which is over three years old.In short , do not waste your money or you will end up stuck after 6 weeks having a pump that craps out . I can not even return it because I would lose money shipping it back just to receive a partial refund .
 The pump worked okay for a couple of months last year . I took it out of the fountain in the fall and stored it in the garage over the winter . I put it back in the fountain this spring and it did n't operate at all .
 I bought this pump for a small pond only comes on 5 hours a day summer time only , I remove pump and store away for winter . The first one lasted two summers , This one only lasted last summer and a couple days this spring . It died like the last one , I will buy from a different company and would tell all of you reading this to do the same .
 I have a 125 gallon pond with 2 of the G325A 's for water clarity . I 'm in the Chicago area and generally run the pump 24/7 between mid May and late September . Religiously , the pumps fail every 2-3 years . My 8th G325 just failed . I decided to call Beckett and they reminded me that the instruction sheet says this direct drive pump has an operational temperature between 32F and 86F . It 's a very warm summer in Chicago , the pond is in the shade for the afternoon due to house shading and 50 % exposed in the morning due to the trees . The existing water temperature is 91 degrees . There is no way a pond of this size is not going to be less than 86F during the summer . Beckett customer service did not have any further suggestions . Being that I 'm an engineer , this pump is not designed for reliability under normal operational conditions -LRB- e.g. summer -RRB- and I 'm hoping I can find something that fits the pond better . I have tried to run for 8 hrs/day -LRB- 4 hrs AM , 4 hrs night -RRB- , they still religiously fail .
 The visual and description of the outlet lead me to believe it was a different size . I was unable to get any couplings to attach the pump to the filter I use . Only good for attaching to small tubes . Return was easy .
 This pump barely put out any water pressure used in my small pond . I have had other similar pumps where the flow pressure was much better . However , these other pumps -LRB- purchased from Lowe 's Home Improvement -RRB- did not last long and were not well-supported via warranty . The Beckett 210GPH should have been sized fine for my needs , but it operates at much less than the 210 rated GPH . This ended up being a poor purchase decision for me .
 Loooked like good unit by the reviews however ours failed after only 9 months , now researching how the two year mfg warranty works .
 Item had been repackaged , badly , and it was broken . Big disappointment , not up to Amazon standards , although they did not ship it . It is always a big gamble when Amazon does not sell it from stock , rather from a third party . And they will not replace , must wait for a refund . Will not buy from these turkeys again .
 Mine lasted 1.5 years . Ranit 24/7 in a small pond with minimal maintenance other than occasional cleaning . For the price I expected to get a longer life out of the pump . I think I will get more value from a less expensive product .
 I was advised by Scotts that this item is discontinued by the manufacturer and therefore they could not assist me with a defect in the item I received .
 Tip bad , did n't work as described . Wo n't buy another one
 I was very disappointed in the product . The lawnmower was delivered to my home in an open but taped box . It looked like the item was used . All the parts were n't with it -LRB- screws , washers , etc -RRB- . I had to take parts from my old broken lawnmower to get this one together . If I did n't need to cut my grass so desparetely , I would have packaged it back up and sent it back . I was extremely disappointed .
 I bought this product recently to smooth out the bumps in my lawn . It did n't work very well , it 's just not heavy enough . The ground has to be fairly soft for the roller to work , and my lawn was not that soft even after it recently rained 11/4 inches . I 'll keep it around for when it has rained for a week .
 The Good
 Roller works fine . The plug for the water fill is defective . The lever tightener does not secure the plug
 This pump runs reliably for a little under two years . I just bought my third one yesterday and had a note to myself to buy another one next month so that I 'd have it when the current one failed . Unfortunately I was one month under in my prediction . I predicted one year 10 months and it failed at one year nine months.I run mine 24 hours a day every day in a pond that holds around 400-500 gallons.A filter tip that works for me after years of experimentation and does not require a lot of maintenance
 I bought the Beckett Versa Gold Series model number G535AG20 535 GPH Submersible Pump to replace a similar Versa pump that had been running for at least several years before giving up the ghost -LRB- this previous pump was installed by the prior owner of our house -RRB- . Installed in Dec 2010 , in a small outdoor pond . The pump is connected to an in-line UV filter to keep the algae away . Temperatures here in La Jolla never go below freezing , so we run it on a timer that turns the pump on for 8 hours/day , 24/7 year round . It seized up a couple days ago . I pulled it out of the pond and could see no visible damage . I removed the weed guard on the thing and the propeller seemed fine , with no debris or other obstructions . I could spin it with my finger just fine . When I plug it in , the motor hums but it does n't spin . I wish this thing would last more than a year ...
 The pump does not come with adaptors for the outlet to match up with your existing hoses ... you have to go to a hardware store for fittings to hook it up . Most other reputable manufacturers provide them with the pump .
 ... Because if they can , they were sure laughing at me when I put this thing in my yard . Not only did it fail to scare any birds away , they treated it like a new friend . The owl itself is made of very lightweight plastic , and needs to be filled with something like sand to weigh it down if you are n't planning to mount it or hang it somewhere . It looks fairly realistic considering it 's made with cheap plastic.I 'll give it one extra star because it makes a pretty cool garden decoration . As for being a deterrent for pests , forget it .
 If I could reach in front of the owl to photograph it ; to show you the pigeons sitting next to it , you would laugh . Do n't bother spending your money on these . 0 Stars for Dalen OW6 Gardeneer 16-Inch Molded Owl . Waste of my money for 2 owls .
 Does not work ... period !! Nicely painted item ! Xmas gifts for old ladies 2012 . Could make nice money box.OR , fill it with sand and put it in the garden with the gnomes .
 Did n't work , birds laughed at me and continued to poop all over . A waste of money , wish I had returned them .
 We tried a lot of other squirrel prevention techniques but the only one that worked was trapping the squirrel and using peanut butter to get him to enter the trap .
 Very detailed owl , but worthless in terms of keeping birds away . If you just want a decoration this is great , but if you have unwanted birds they will only laugh at this .
 Seems like the squirrels are not afraid of these owls . I have a neighbor that feeds the squirrels peanuts in shells so the either are burying them in my lawn or leaving the shells all over my lawn after they eat them . I have one in the front and one in the back and the squirrels are not afraid of them . Waste of money !
 I bought this to try to stop some ducks from coming up on my dock . I filled it up with sand , put it out there and for a day there did n't seem to be any ducks . I moved it regularly as to not have it look like a statue . However , within 2 days the ducks we 're back - and literally snuggling with the owl.The product came as advertised and quickly , so if you are using it to do something other than keep ducks away , it may work for you .
 This product does nothing to keep birds away . If birds are your problem , do n't waste your money !
 If anything , this thing actually attracts squirrels from around the neighborhood . A disappointment to me , as I was looking for a humane way to rid my property of the cute pests .
 I purchased this owl primarily to keep the chipmunks , squirrels and rabbits away from my suburban backyard . I was also hoping it would keep the birds away . Unfortunately , it has failed on all counts . I 've tried mounting it in different locations , both high and low , and have moved it around every few days as the packaging suggests . But it has no effect . I actually went out one morning to find a squirrel sitting on the fence right next to the owl , only about a foot away , obviously not intimidated .
 I thought maybe this thing would scare away the squirrels that are eating acorns and making a serious mess in the backyard , notsomuch . Rather than go through a lengthy process mounting Owl I just stood him on the porch overlooking the area in question , by mid-day he was face down in the yard and 5 feet away was mister squirrel going about his business as if to mock me . I did n't want to resort to violence but none of these gimmicks ever work , shame on me for trying this ... . more shame on you if you do n't heed the warning.By the way I gave it 2 stars because my 2 year old grand daughter loves the thing , maybe I 'll teach her how to throw it at squirrels .
 I 've had several pigeons on the roof of my house for a long time so I bought this owl in hope to scare them away . The owl does n't work at all . I 've been moving it around every few days like it suggests , but it still does n't scare the pigeons away . They even tried building a nest underneath the owl.I strongly recommend not to buy this owl . I still am searching for another method of getting rid of the annoying pigeons .
 The Owl looks very good , close to the real thing . Unfortunately the pigeons on my roof does not seem to care at all for the fake Owl ... They did n't leave or change their usual habit a bit . I have a very tall , 2 story house and to climb and move the Owl around is very hard . Have to think for some other means for defense from the nasty birds ...
 My vegetable garden is bird-infested . I hoped this owl would scare away the darn critters . Following the directions , I filled the owl with water to weigh it down . Unfortunately , due to poor design and thin plastic , I have another pesky bird in my yard ... A leaking owl . Save your money . I wish I did n't remove all the tags so I could return it .
 We put this into place to keep birds from eating all of the outdoor catfood , and I can say that at least with starlings , this guy does n't phase them in the least . He was knocked over and perched on as they attacked the food.This might work with other birds or in other cases , but not for hungry blackbirds .
 I puchased the owl in the hopes of scaring off a pair of nesting barn owls . The barn owls are great but the fledgings are a nightmare with their screeching and keep us awake every night . This owl did n't scare anything and they are sitting in the nesting box awaiting the eggs I suspect .
 Works good if you want to supply a target for the birds to drop their bombs on . Otherwise , the bird brains do n't care about the owls .
 I 've got the dumbest birds around here . They fly in my pole barn through the 16 foot door and ca n't get out the same way . They fly around the rafters untill they drop dead from thirst and hunger . Hope it works , I 'm getting tire of cleaning up dead birds and poop .
 I was very disappointed that the Dalen Molded Owl did not scare the birds away from nesting in my rafters on my carport.What a mess they make.mountainmom
 Apparently , my Dalen OW6 Gardeneer 16-Inch Molded Owl has become a fast friend to all of the pigeons that have been pooping on my car and porch , and eating my plants . Even though he is moved every day , the offending winged rodents instantly perch in any manner of cozy proximity , including 6 inches away from this purportedly terrifying facsimile . Unfortunately , I would have to levy this pigeon countermeasure an unmitigated failure .
 I 've tried moving this owl around every day and the birds go and do their business as usual . The pigeons are the worst .
 Bought this owl locally to try to keep the various birds out of my vegetable garden . No luck at all with that ! I even tried moving it to different places in the garden , but the doves and smaller birds just ignore it . My daughter brought up a good point . Owls are nocturnal and birds are day creatures so why should they be afraid of owls ??
 I purchased the horned owl in order to keep several doves out of my back yard . I placed the decoy just above our poolside gas torch . Two days later , not only did the decoy NOT keep the doves at bay , the doves actually built a nest in the gas torch !!!! The doves continue to remain in the nest and since had two babies which are nearly 10 days old.As a last comment , you can purchase the same -LRB- or very similar -RRB- horned owl at Home Depot cheaper .
 I bought this owl , and placed it outside . But , despite moving it almost every day , the pigeons here in Phoenix LAUGHED at it!They will swoop right by it , and even pooped right next to it one time . -LRB- they also laugh at the big orange inflated ball with the reflective eyes ... sigh -RRB- .
 Mice have gotten inside and made a nest for themselves.I take it that this not a good sign that this is a good deterrent for rodents .
 I bought this because we had a large number of pigeons in our yard due to the fact that our neighbor thinks it 's awesome to throw 5 handfuls of bird food on his roof each morning . - __ - It does n't work at all . Within 1 hour we had 4 pigeons within 3 feet of the `` Prominently placed '' owl .
 I have been having a HUGE problem with birds crapping all over my deck and no matter what I do , they wo n't go away . I 'm tired of hosing down my deck everyday so I bought this owl hoping it would do the trick and keep birds away - it did n't do a thing ! Birds basically laughed at this `` owl '' and would sit right next to it and still make a mess ! I moved it around everyday -LRB- as suggested -RRB- but the birds did n't care ; they knew it was fake . Well , back to the store this goes . Do n't bother buying this garbage .
 Bought it to scare little birds under my deck . Guess what , they would sit on it . Yes , and I moved it around . Not a big expense , but the birds here are too smart for it . Guess they do not have bird brains
 very nice plastic owl , would scare me in the dark , but does n't scare any critters or birds .
 We have a problem with ducks sunbathing on our dock . It had n't happened yet this season so I put the owl out to ward off any ducks that might be thinking of it so no habits are formed . In less that 2 hours there were 5 ducks on the dock ... all at the base of Owl ! Strangely enough , I 've had no ducks on the dock since I took the owl off -LRB- about two weeks -RRB- . I know that will change but it 's giving me time to think of something new . You might want to save your money on this one .
 I purchased the Dalen owl with excited possiblites . The neighborhood birds have taken over and driven our 6 year shih tzu into exile , soiled walk-ways and bbq grill , and caused general havoc . After 3 days it was obvious that the `` owl '' was and is totally useless . The promotional material states that every two minutes the head was to turn . Too bad , because it never ever happened .
 I expected this plastic owl would scare away birds staying on my balcony , but the result was disappointed.The birds were staying on my balcony and found the owl as their friend .
 We bought 4 of these to mount in the yard to keep birds away from our pool . Within an hour of installing them , birds were sitting next to them or on them . Do n't waste your money if you want then to scare other birds . They look great as decoration though .
 Dont buy this . Pigeons ignore it . Was of time and money . I put it on my roof but it had no impact on the pigeons .
 This owl is nicely made , hand-painted with big clear realistic eyes , so I had high hopes for it . My goal was to scare away the sparrows that nest in the Spanish tiles on my roof and constantly poop on my balcony and the railing surrounding it.My dog went nuts when I put the owl on the table , barking like crazy until I let her go out and examine it , so I figured that it must look pretty realistic to a non-human eye and that the pesky birds and their poop would soon be gone.My hopes were dashed , however , when I looked out the door to the balcony yesterday afternoon and saw one of the little sparrows standing on the rail right next to the owl , pecking at its ear.Oh , well -- it 'll look good in the garden , I guess .
 I admit I have not purchased this product -- and you 'll see why . I saw a bunch of them yesterday in my local Home Depot and was prompted to take a photo of 3 thermometers that were on the shelf together . The readings vary greatly between thermometers -LRB- 61 degrees , 71 degrees and 75 degrees -RRB- , so what 's the point of having one of these ? Well , you 'll know within 13 or 14 degrees what the temperature really is . Your thermometer might read 75 degrees and you 'll wonder why you 're cold
 This thing is dreadful . At one point it was off by as much as 8 degrees . It was a waste of time and money , I returned and was quickly refunded by Amazon .
 The Acu-Rite 01360 12.5-inch Basic Thermometer looks nice , but it never displays the correct temperature . Why ? Although the back is open , this thermometer is designed to be hung on a flat wall . When correctly installed , there is NO air circulation around the internal bi-metal coil which moves the temperature pointer . It can take an hour or more for the pointer to move after the air temperature has changed . Therefore , the current temperature reading is never correct .
 My expectations for this thermometer were very simple
 LASTED SIX MONTHS . IS NOW WORTHLESS . A TEMP . OF 10 ABOVE AND THIS PRODUCT STOPS WORKING . SO MUCH FOR QUALITY .
 This item is extremely inaccurate and ca n't be adjusted . First of all I had to call support to find out how to adjust the temperature . The clear lid is not the easiest to remove . Then the thing wo n't adjust as the coil does not allow for temp to be adjusted despite what support told me . The `` thermometer '' shows 15F to 30F more than it actually is . The support told me in the beginning they will send me a new one , then they changed their mind and told me they need a receipt by mail or fax . Picture owning one is not enough . Picture with proof of inaccuracy also not enough . Who keeps -LRB- or can dig and find -RRB- an old receipt ? The support refused to send me one without the proof of purchase . This is the first company who refused to send replacement . As I own several Acurite products , they are now all going into the recycle bin . I 'm gon na buy only German or Japanese products from now on . Had enough supporting unreasonable companies and products and Made In China crap .
 This is the worst thermometer I 've ever owned . Our last one was inexpensive but reasonably accurate ; we had to replace it when it began to fill with water during rains . This one seemed good since it had a nice large dial since we hang our thermometers outside , viewable from several windows on two floors . But from day 1 it has never been accurate . Into the garbage it goes .
 The flag I received had the stitching unraveling . It also has a tag on it that says `` Made in Taiwan '' . This is not made in USA as the description states .
 I had purchased this flag previously from Valley Forge . I was expecting the same product which was a two sided flag . This flas is not . Printed on only one side which looks very poor hanging from my flag pole . Very disappointed .
 I purchased this flag on August 16 , 2011 and it is now the 19 and I still have no flag !
 Well I did n't want to rely on all of the other reviews regarding this product , but call it an impulse buy . My birthday is flag day , June 14 , and I wanted to buy myself a birthday gift , and show my patriotism at the same time . I am an amazon prime customer , and ordered it rush 1 day shipping on June 12 , paying an additional 3.99 for delivery , on top of my already prime status.Went to the store on my way home from work , bought some scotch guard , and could n't wait to open and mount it for my birthday . I open it up , and the end cap is destroyed . I am convinced that it was wrapped and shipped defective , as there was only one piece that broke off that was in the box , which was sealed tightly . So , while it was broken , I was still determined to not let it ruin my birthday , and was going to glue the pieces back , and salvage what was left of it.While I go to unwrap the rest of the stuff in the box , I take a look at the flag , and it looks rather small . So while I ordered and paid for a 3 ` x5 ' flag , rushed shipping one day delivering later , I receive a 2 ` x4 ' flag , and a broken pole , all for $ 53 ... . Now for my flag day birthday , I wo n't be flying ol' -LRB- made in the USA -RRB- Glory , I 'll be packing and resending this back . Maybe this is why we ship all of our stuff overseas these days . Sad when we rely on Pakistan to deliver quality.Frank
 The flag pole and flag both seem to be good quality ... But the flag is not actually 3 ` x5 ' like it claims to be ... It 's actually about 2.5 x3 .5 ' .
 I needed to replace my flags so I bought a heritage flag from Valley Forge thinking it would look like an antique flag . Well mine must have been left in the dye barrel too long . It does n't look old . It just looks nasty , so I 'm sending it back .
 Let me start out by saying that I did not buy this product for its intended purpose , so I ca n't speak to its effectiveness as a scarecrow . But even as a decoration , this was ineffective . Aside from looking more like a brown beach ball than an owl , the main problem was that the valve stem would not stay closed . At first , I thought I had overinflated it , but even with minimal inflation , the valve stem would pop open . I ended up using a binder clip to pinch the top closed . I would not buy this product again .
 This inflatable decoy impressed me with it 's design , low cost , and ease of use . The issue I had was the valve would n't stay plugged , so it was essentially unusable . Luckily I was able to return it for a full refund . It 's a vinyl owl , not a life and death deal , so I 'm giving it 2 stars because I 'm feeling generous . No harm , no fowl . -LRB- You see what I did there ? -RRB-
 Never found out how it would be at scaring animals . Inflation process very difficult . Hard to get enough air into the owl to make it stand up and look realistic .
 Well 1st of all , this blow-up Owl dose not keep the chickens away from walking on my solar panels ! 2nd I was kind of disappointed in it 's construction . . The air hole kept giving me problems with the plug not staying in/sealingthe blow-up hole . . It kept popping out & not because of to much pressure either
 When I started to install the reel , the process -LRB- almost unreable and unclear `` instructions '' -RRB- calls for removal of a heavy metal frame that attaches to the wall . Once the frame is installed , the rest -LRB- and very heavy part -RRB- of the reel slides on two `` lugs '' which support the entire weight of the reel and hose . The sample I received had both lugs broken , and this was unusable . I called Ames Customer Servce for a replacement part , and they said they do n't have parts , but they would send me an entire new reel for free . -LRB- Customer Service was very polite and helpful . -RRB- The new one arrived , and it had one lug broken and missing !! Again , useless . Quality control is obviously lacking in the Chinese plant where the reel is manufactured , and I would never recommend this to anyone .
 The reels are made of good material , and the idea is a good one on paper . BUT , the mounting holes are not coordinated , and new holes must be drilled in order to mount the base on to a brick wall . Fortunately , I have access to a drill press .
 I have received two Marine Corps Flags -LRB- original order and replacement order -RRB- rather than the US ARMY FLAG I ORDERED . The vendor has the packaging mislabeled as a US Army Flag , but inside is a Marine Corps Flag . I may be understanding about one `` goof '' , but not twice in a three day period !!!
 I spent hours tracking down a replaceable handle for a perfectly usable spade head -- but it broke within hours of starting to work with it . And I am a 64 year old woman of no particular strength !
 I hate to sound like an old curmudgeon , but it seems as though even relatively expensive tools like this are simply not made well anymore . Even with something incredibly uniform and easy to spread , like limestone , this spreader was a horror . It would spread nothing , it would dump big thick lines , it would spread on one side of the hopper but not the other . Same with fertilizer , and forget using something a little more challenging , like composted cow manure . The biggest problem , aside from an overall plasticity , is that the spinning rod inside the hopper has tiny tines that seem to do nothing . I 'm sending it back , then investigating the Scotts 1000 . If the Scotts one is just as crappy , at least it costs half as much .
 I would agree with the person above . I kept mine and now I 'm looking for a new one . I have had it for 1 year and the handle bars have bent , the fertilizer does not spread evenly . It either comes out too fast or too slow . The on/off handle falls apart during use . If you use it too much the cord falls out and you have a very heavy amount of fertilizer . I have to carry a screw driver with me in case it falls apart . Overall it is very expensive and does not work well .
 I 'd heard all the good things about theFiskars 7854 Super Splitting Axe with 28-Inch Handle and 4-1/4 Pound Headbut none of my local stores had one . A few of our local stores carry the Ames True Temper splitting axe . The Ames TT seemed to be of similar design to the Fiskars -- a very sharp edge for penetration with a wide , flared head for ease of splitting . They are priced nearly the same , so I bought one to try.Absolutely hated it !! While it feels well-built and comes with a lifetime warranty , I want a splitting axe that will split wood ! The Ames TT rarely split a round on the first whack , and then the head would get stuck so bad in the top of the round that I 'd have to fight with it for several minutes to get it free -- only to swing it again , have it fail to split , and get stuck again !! Bottom line is that my old 8 # maul split better than the Ames TT ... By comparison my Fiskars Super Splitter almost always splits the round with one whack , and , on the rare occasion it does n't , a simple rocking action frees the head from the round very quickly -- I think this is due to both the design of the Fiskars as well as the NTFPE coating on all the Fiskars axes.I returned the Ames TT after one day , ordered the Fiskars SS , and could n't be happier !!! Oh , and my 8 # maul is sitting in the tool shed gathering dust ... !!
 Bought this local cuz no Gerbers around my small town.Did ok at first couple of logs but , do n't get it stuck cuz when mine did.the WHOLE HEAD I mean whole metal head SHARTTERD !!! Glad no one got hurt ... save your fustration and hard earned money and buy the GERBER SPLITTING AXE W/LIFETIME WARRENTY , I have in the past sent gerber a knife or two and they always replaced w/no questions ... sent me back NEW!Great cust service !!!!!
 Flag looked nice but the top seam on just one side came apart after a month of flying it in October . I purchased this for my father 's birthday to replace one he got from the VFW . That flag lasted 5 plus years and only needed replaced because it faded . Needles to say I 'm very disappointed in the workmanship of this flag .
 I had this flag two weeks before the bottom edge started shredding . I was sent a replacement . It is now six weeks later with the replacement flag and the bottom of the new flag is shredding/fraying . I live in So . Cal where there is no inclement weather . I would not buy another flag from this manufacturer .
 Ordered Valley Forge Nylon made in USA flag . Received cheap MADE IN CHINA CRAP ! Beware of the bait and switch !
 The description for this flag lists a bullet point `` 100 % Made in the USA '' . This is a complete and utter lie !!! A small tag located on the flag displays `` Made in China '' ! Fellow Devildogs and other proud Americans , do not be fooled as I was with this imitation flag or the company that sells it by stating it is made in the U.S.A. ! What a complete disgrace ! Shame on you Valley Forge !!!
 This is about as cheap of a flag that you can buy . I am a Marine and I will not fly this flag on my flag pole because it is so cheap and thin . It is a one sided and is screen printed and I do not think it is nylon .
 Light flag for inside use or display . Wo n't last long outdoors in the elements , though for price , I am happy with what I got . Met my purpose . Similar flag at local shop was 18 $ . . two stars based on quality ...
 Not sure if I am reviewing the same flag as some of the other folks here but the one I received was POS -LRB- Marines know what I mean -RRB- . I am more proud to fly my Marine flag under Old Glory as any other but this flag was `` unsat '' . First , it was missing one of it 's 2 grommets which did n't matter cause I lost the other in the first `` wind '' that came along . Only thing holding it together after that was the grommet I put in but was hanging by 1 of it 3 threads . They should n't be allowed to put the EGA on something so cheap . My advise ... spend a few dollars more and get a flag you can be proud to put on your flag pole .
 The 3 X 5 Marine Corps Nylon Flag that is .99 cents seemed `` to good to be true '' , but heck why not since it was .99 cents . Well the description did not tell whether it was two sided or not . It came only one sided and not to surprised , but the description actually said `` DuPont SolarMax -LSB- tm -RSB- Nylon '' and it came polyester . They did ship actually pretty quick and was happy with being able to return the flags , but was going to have to `` eat '' the $ 22 dollars in shipping and spend another $ 5 dollars to return them . It 's one thing for me or someone else to try something out for a dollar , but when your straight lied to , well ... I review the good and the bad and this definitely fell in the `` bad '' category . At least I can still use them and I will fly them proud , but Seven Bros surely took the `` Semper-Fi '' out of this deal.Mark
 This flag sucks . It 's two pieces of cloth that you can see right through , so you see a reverse image of the marine emblem from both side . I did n't even bother to hang it .
 This flag is a disgrace to what USMC represents . I wrote the vendor on this and they stated that they have not had any problems it must be the sun shining through on a bright day . I have not written any reviews but I had to let fellow Marine 's know about this . This is a two piece flag and the pieces are not aligned correctly , terrible . Do not purchase even for $ 1.00
 First of all , this is a warning message . Read entire post.I just wanted to give you a heads up . SiteLead Inc. has false advertisement . I did not get what I paid for ; therefore , I 'm returning my item . The USMC flag was not a Valley Forge flag . The material seems like flimsy polyester ... it would n't fly for a full 24 hours before it falls apart . Even in the packing you can see the low quality of this item . This is a disgrace to all our US Armed Forces Veterans . I know the quality because I bought flags for every branch as my veteran ministry -LRB- Veteranos de Cristo / Veterans of Christ . ORG -RRB- supports all our military men and women . I will post pictures of the items from SiteLead and the ones from Amazon so you can be the judge.PS I reordered this flag from Amazon as it is not their fault I received a poor quality item from a different vendor on their site.God bless our troops.Update
 This is a pathetic excuse for a Marine Corps flag . My husband , who served for 8 years , wo n't even fly this in front of our house because it is so cheaply made that it is embarrassing . The flag is made of paper thin material that you can see right through . Do n't waste your money because you will be just as disappointed as I was . I will be purchasing our next USMC flag next time I am near Camp LeJeune .
 These flags are not what they say they are . First , they are not Valley Forge flags , secondly , they are 100 % polyester and finally they are made in China .
 I should have known the price was too good to be true . I had planned to have these flags flown overseas for the VA I work at . To do so would be an insult the Corps . Save your seven bucks and buy elsewhere .
 I should have read the other reviews before spending my $ 7.28 . Valley Forge is supposed to be a good company -- if this flag is typical of their merchandise I wo n't bother again . Perhaps it was SiteLead , Inc. who misrepresented this flag . Amazon said `` Nylon , '' but it 's 100 % polyester , made in the Phillipines . It is thin and only printed on one side . It is NOT a flag I would consider flying ; it 's strictly a wall-hanger . I 'll keep it because I do n't want to spend more money on shipping , but it is not a $ 33 list retail . Valley Forge says this is a $ 14 flag they sell for $ 10 . If I had seen this flag first in a shop , I would think it was just a cheap souvenir flag to hang in a kid 's room . Someone needs to correct this product description .
 Ordered a Valley Forge Nylon USMC flag-Received a Polyester PIECE of crap made in Taiwan , screen printed on barely red background . I 'm a retired Marine and am ashamed to display this thing . Amazon , you really let me down this time .
 I recently purchased this for my father for his birthday . He likes to show his respect to my career path by flying this in his front yard . The one he has now is tattered and not worthy of being flown . He requested that the new flag be made of Nylon and be made in the USA.When he opened it , it said that the flag was made of polyester and made in Taiwan . So much for that.The flag itself is great , but it 's not made like it 's listed above .
 THE MATERIAL IS VERY SOFT , MAYBE GOOD TO COVER SHRUBS OR ORNAMENTAL PLANTS BUT I NEED IT TO PROTECT MY POND FROM ANIMALS
 I bought two , one package was badly bent . I could not get the roll straightened out and could not use the netting.The netting in the unbent box worked great .
 Today I just had to cut the net to pieces to remove an unfortunate red rat snake from the net . Unfortunately , the poor thing was expired having been strangled by the netting after struggling to get out . This is the six or seventh time I have had beautiful and beneficial snakes caught in this type of net . All the others lived and were released although it is always a tricky surgery cutting the net away from a wiggling and upset snake . This stuff should be banned as a wildlife killer . To keep birds out it is best to get some shade cloth . The birds ca n't peck through it and it lasts for years . This stuff gets tangled up in everything and is a real pain . I am all broken up about the poor corn snake . He was beautiful . Now deceased all to keep a few figs from the mockingbirds .
 This is not the model specified . This is the 2100 with 50 lb capacity hopper . It is not the commercial model that is $ 149 . This spreader is usually sold for $ 99 on other sites . Very disappointed with Amazon
 The handle assembly did n't fit . The manufacturer sent replacements , and after shimming and bending , I was able to make everything work correctly . The manufacturer shipped a complete new unit that was only slightly better than the first . After all the work , I 'm keeping the first one . About $ 125.00 over priced .
 Bought this product to salt my side walks . The product is hard to put together and is does n't work . The black disk that is supposed to distribute the rock salt well stop spinning and the salt just piles up on the disk . The third time I used it the wheel fell off . Not worth it disappointed for the money spent .
 I purchased this umbrella to replace an old on I got from wal-mart . I now what my wa-mart one back . It was so much better than this one . This one will not last much longer and I have had it for 3 months and yes I have taken good care of it . It is hard to open . Try a different umbrella just not this one .
 Only buy the Gilmour 502 replacement blade if you have lots of time on your hands . The teeth are not very aggressive and it takes a lot of effort to cut even small limbs . This product is not worth buying .
 They send the wrong item , I had specifically gave them item # , they still send wrong item , I contected them and they wanted to charge me a 15 % fee for re-stocking , when they send wrong item.I wo n't do buisnes with people like this , I do n't recomend with shaddy people like this !!!!
 i bought this same spool when i got my weed eater and it was easy to replace , i recently ordered another replacment spool of the same kind but this one dosnt fit !
 I do n't know what I was thinking . If your reel is good just buy the refill string and rewind . It 's a good product and can be useful if you keep it refilled for a quick change .
 The pressure in the nozzle reduced so much after 4 uses that this sprayer has become unusable . Round-up canister sprayer works better than this Gilmour .
 It is a nice sprayer with brass fittings but I bought it to use Round Up the weed killer and it always leaks a couple drops from the nozzle end when you stop spraying . So it wo n't work at all for weed killers . If you are buying it to use with a different product it is a nice sprayer . I have bought Gilmour sprayers for years and never had a problem before
 I bought 2 of these . The handles started coming apart as soon as I started using them . They were just press fitted together , so I pulled them apart and applied some glue and that problem was solved . I thought about writing a bad review then , but figured the problem was easily solved , so I did n't . However , this summer the pump assemblies on both have fallen apart . This is a very poorly made product . I have had no luck with gilmour products . I 've seen early failure in their hoses , hose sprayers , watering timers , lawn sprinklers , and now tank sprayers . They are the brand that is available at most hardware and home improvement stores , so everybody ends up with some of their products . I ca n't vouch for any other brand , but am going to start searching for one that does n't so consistently disappoint .
 I bought three of these Gilmour Timers and three of the Nelson timers . This timer never switched off . All the nelson Timers worked , none of the Gilmour timers worked . I even swapped them around to see if it was the installation , water pressure or whatever and still these did not work . I returned them and ordered more of the Nelson Timers
 I purchased two of these at a local hardware superstore and brought both back a week later . Neither box had an instruction manual , but they seemed easy enough to operate . One of them would not shut off at all and the other would work when it wanted to . I needed a timer to back me up when I forget that the water is running , but these were not it . Do n't waste your money .
 as mentioned earlier . this thing is a piece of junk . has gotten stuck 3 or 4 times and watered an area of my lawn ALL NIGHT . have bought other gilmour products that ALSO ARE JUNK .
 It does not shut off . I had the water on for hours when I had it set on 1 hour . I had two of them . One exploded . The other I just tossed in the trash , not even worthy of freecycle .
 This is trash . Poorly made.Doesn ' t work.Spend more money , and get an electronic timer .
 These timers do not last long and stop working . The company sent me replacements two separate times and they stopped working . I am on my third request for a replacement . Do n't waste your money on this item .
 Received Two Gilmour Water Timers Model # 9301 , Not the one advertised . Two hour timer instead of four hour like the one advertised .
 Most users of time-based water timers are trying to estimate the amount of water delivered through their water hoses by the passage of time . But the practice is , at best , an approximation , because the amount of water delivered is influenced by the water pressure , which varies during different time of the day . Therefore , it is more sensible to use a timer based on flow , and this Gilmour 9200 is such a timer.The dial of the Gilmour 9200 is divided into two sections -- the `` Continuous Flow '' and the `` Metered Flow '' . The user may turn the dial only in the clockwise direction , until it reaches the `` Continuous Flow '' section . Here the timer works just like a faucet . He/she can turn the dial in either clockwise or counterclockwise direction , between the `` ON '' and `` OFF . '' marks , to adjust the volume of the water . Continue to turn the dial clockwise to the `` Metered Flow '' section . Here the user sets the volume desired , only in the clockwise direction , from 700 gallons to 100 gallons . The dial is marked in gallons and the approximate number of hours required to deliver the volume.Before using this timer , it is important for the user to understand the mechanics of this flow timer . It has a paddle wheel powered by water flow , which , in turn , drives the gears that shut off the water valve . If the flow is too low to power the paddle wheel , the timer will not shut off . Many complaints about timer malfunction are probably related to low flow . If the user has to restrict the flow of water , like when using a soaker hose , he/she should turn down the water UPSTREAM of the timer , i.e. above the inlet of the timer , like at the hose bib , never downstream , below the outlet of the timer . No matter what the user does , there is a point where the flow is too low to power the timer . He/she will have to experiment a little to find out what works and what does n't . Some very low flow drip system may not work with this timer at all . In fact , the manufacture states so on the face of the box , together with the following specifications
 Bought two of these sprayers , a two gallon and a three gallon . The top of the three gallon sprayer bottle was deformed -LRB- looked like it had been melted , probably happened during manufacturing , but how did it get by quality control ? -RRB- and the top would not screw on tightly , so it would not build pressure . The two gallon sprayer wand handle fell apart in my hand after about five minutes of use , and when I attempted to depressurize the bottle with the pressure release valve , the valve collar came off in my hand . Both returned for refund .
 Works Ok , but he wond leaks even if you try to keep it tight . I have replaced the O rings , but no help .
 The brass wand is too heavy for the cheap plastic collar that holds it to the trigger section and when you wave it back and forth to spray it causes the collar to loosen and leak . If it had a more sturdy collar it would probably be OK
 The `` three to one '' leveraged cutting action is nice and makes it much easier to cut than a non-leveraged unit . However , it also limits your ability to open the jaws as wide as one without the leverage . Or put another way , it forces you to open the handles wider , which of course means you need more clearance . The leverage is a trade-off , so depending on your application that can be good or bad . I would definitely recommend an anvil , as opposed to a by-pass unit , though . It 's too easy to torque the by-pass unit blades out of shape . Now here 's the flaw I mentioned
 These anvil loppers would be great if Gilmour would offer a version , as they did in years past , without the telescoping handles . As pointed out by other viewers the telescoping feature design is badly flawed . The handles wo n't stay locked , and after a few months use the loppers telescope without the handle locks being turned -LRB- unlocked -RRB- . I had to drill holes through the handles and place bolts through them to secure the handles in place and then duck tape the locking part of the handles so they would hold in place . How dense are the Gilmour people ? Do n't they test their products ? These anvil loppers cut fine , and the gear drive makes cutting easier than with other brands of anvil loppers , but the `` annoying telescoping handles '' ruin an otherwise good product . Caution -- do constantly check the screw holding the anvil in place as it constantly loosens . A longer screw and a lock washer will fix the problem , but again why ca n't the Gilmour folks figure this out ? I would think that the Robert Bosch Tool Co. , which owns Gilmour , would have more intergrity than to sell such a flawed product . The price point would be great if they 'd fix the design flaws !
 Purchased in April to use for hedge trimming at the end of summer . Used and on 7th cut the gear snapped on this lopper . All cuts were made at or under 11/4 inch . Forging on this product is poor and be aware that you need to stay below 1 inch to be safe . The extension on these becomes useless due to having to stay below the 1 inch mark .
 The metal spike base is very poorly designed and the hose connection soon just falls off , there is no way to repair this.AVOID any Gilmour sprinkler with this metal spike base!The sprinkler heads themselves work fairly well .
 I have owned many pairs of Mechanix gloves before and have been extremely satisfied with all except for this pair . Within two weeks of ware , both index fingers blew out . The stitching came apart and the material on the thumbs and finger tips began to ware and eventually I owned fingerless gloves . Really disappointed in these gloves and wish I still had my receipt so I could exchange them but I just coughed this up as a lesson learned . If you do n't plan on doing any mechanical work , these gloves may work out good for you .
 The fit was perfect , they felt great right off . but after Using the gloves for 20 minutes throwing bricks and rubble around three of the ten finger tip seam 's broke apart and I can no longer use them because if I try my fingers will just get cut up ... not why I bought these gloves .
 I ordered these gloves several days BEFORE hurricane Isaac hit louisiana because I knew I would need them for cleanup . I payed for 2 day shipping and they did NOT arrive on time . Now , due to UPS tracking , all deliveries are delayed for nearly a week . I 'm quite aggravated.I would contact seller for a refund on shipping cost , although I cant seem to find contact info . So instead , all I can do is give a bad review . I would not recommend buying from this seller if you need these gloves ASAP . It cost over ten dollars for quick shipping and it looks like I 'm out of luck . Even got my hand slashed open yesterday , cutting downed trees , because of a lack of gloves.I will rewrite this review when I finally recieve the gloves to speak of the quality , or if this seller decides to refund my shipping costs .
 These lasted 2 weeks . Very expensive for 14 days of use.I would not recommend these . Go with the Mechanix brand .
 The photos and the visual impression of this product is positive . It is during use that this product fails badly . The blades pivot on a pin , of course , and the tension on the blades is supplied by a spring . When I was younger , the tension on tools like this -LRB- scissors , clippers , etc. -RRB- was adjustable and controlled by a fine-thread nut/bolt arrangement . Unfortunately , on these clippers , that arrangement has been replaced by a fixed -LRB- non-adjustable -RRB- rivet with the tension is fixed due to the lack of a means to adjust that tension . As a result , the tension is n't sufficient and if I try to trim anything more than a half dozen blades of blue grass at one time , the blades separate and the grass jambs between the two blades . In my view , this is a very poorly engineered product and useless for the task intended . I bit the bullet and tossed these in favor of a new set of clippers . You 'd be wise to look elsewhere and profit by my -LRB- expensive -RRB- mistake .
 These appeared to have been used and re-sold . That was n't a deal-breaker but the quality vs price was . Very cheaply made for what you would expect from Fiskars.Went to the company that sells freight from the harbor and bought some small green-handled , wavy-blade hedge clippers for less than 1/3 the price that are better made and work great , plus using both arms not nearly as fatigueing !!
 I unpacked the shears went out to try them and the blades immediately fell off the handle . Needless to say I am returning them .
 I was absolutely thrilled when I saw that Fiskars made grass shears . -LRB- Fiskars 7820 Power-Lever Grass Shears -RRB- The ones I had were ancient , rusted and about worthless . I 've used Fiskars for years for sewing and wo n't buy anything else.Unfortunately , their quality does n't appear to extend to their garden shears . They arrived VERY dull and the last 2 '' of the blades do n't even meet . My husband sharpened them and they do a little better but they bend the grass more than cut it . I could chew the grass down faster than using these shears.He also sharpened and cleaned up those 35 year old shears and they work like a champ . I use them and let these Fiskars gather dust on the shelf .
 Even its label printed it contained only 8 % broccoli , 66 % clover . That 's about how it sprouted too . NOT how it was advertised .
 Out of each batch of seeds I 've tried to grow only half have sprouted . I will try another company next time .
 I usually like buying things from The Sprout House , but this mix needs to be looked at . While it is advertised as a mix of broccoli , alfalfa , and clover what it really has is just clover.Anyone that 's been sprouting for a while can easily tell the difference between clover and alfalfa -LRB- even though they are incredibly similar -RRB- , and the last six batches I grew were ALL around 80 % clover.Clover and alfalfa are both fairly cheap sprouts , where as broccoli is not . I do n't quite understand why they ca n't have a simple 40/40/20 mix of the three and call it a day . As it is , I believe the mix contains around 80 % clover , 15 % alfalfa and a whopping 5 % broccoli seeds.Paying $ 15 for a pound of mostly Clover is a rip off , since other sites sell that seed for half the price.You would be better off buying a pound of clover AND a pound of alfalfa for less than $ 17 .
 Sprayer is 100 % plastic , no quality metal atomizer.No pressure release valve.There are much better sprayers out there . Avoid this one .
 DO NOT BUY ! BOUGHT IT FOR GLASS CLEANER ONLY ! WILL NOT HOLD ANY PRESSURE ! NEVER WORKED ! WORTHLESS PIECE OF JUNK ! I 'M SENDING IT BACK FOR A REFUND !
 I ordered two of these Gilmore sprayers via Amazon and received promptly . Both units had air pressure leaks where the handle part of the unit screws onto the liquid holding portion ; One sprayer air leaked moderately , the other unit air pressure leaked severely ; I was barely able to use the moderately leaking unit to do a `` rush job '' by very frequent pumping . The severely leaking unit was not usable because it lost pressure so fast . I called Gilmore customer service and requested a new unit and was told I would be sent a new replacement sprayer if I would prove recent purchase by sending them a copy of the concerned invoice via email -- I did this and quickly received a new identical replacement sprayer . I immediately added pure water to the reservoir , operated the hand pump to pressurize , and immediately noted this new replacement sprayer also had a severe air pressure leak making it virtually unusable .
 I thought this would be a stronger/more durable design . Same design of part I can find locally -LRB- Lowe 's etc -RRB- and it would have been cheaper/faster . It takes a lot of pumping to get fluid flow and it leaks down fairly quickly . The primary leaks seem to be around the threads -LRB- as expected -RRB- . I would not purchase this unit again .
 I bought one of these in October 2011 and it was DOA - never sprayed a drop.Fast forward to March 2012 and I still have some spraying to do . Searched Amazon for a sprayer and this came up again . I figured , what are the odds of getting two defective units ? Well , the answer is 100 % - arrived DOA.Bottom line - these are not sprayers ; sprayers spray stuff , these do not . At best , these are 1.5 liter yellow jugs.So , if you are looking for a 1.5 liter yellow jug , these are great -LRB- except they are more difficult to use than traditional jugs -RRB-
 Yet another good concept poorly executed . It changes direction at each end so slowly that it drowns the grass at the ends and barely waters the middle section . It 's big , fragile , and so loose that you wonder if it 's broken . Also , the adjustment knob is difficult to turn . The only good thing about it is the pattern width adjustment which , while hard to adjust , does provide for a nice range of narrow to wide patterns . Aside from the the drenching it gives at the ends of the sweep , its very nice for watering narrow strips of grass or narrow gardens .
 i have had almosy every modle in the gilmore line . non have worked for over a year . the last one i got did not work out of the box . i am not one of these folks that has problems all the time . there produts are just junk . i got this modle last year and took it strait back to the store for refund .
 Its oscillation is so slow at either end that it absolutely drowns the patch of grass/plants unfortunate enough to be there . That is , of course , assuming that it actually oscillates back to the other side . Terrible .
 If you want a dependable sprinkler , stick to metal . I wish I had . I picked this one because you can adjust the spray width easily . However , you 'll pay the piper for using plastic . The hose connection fitting will wear more easily and begin to leak . The arm movement will drive you to frustration . Sometimes it will follow the selected pattern ; many times , however , it will not and you will have to rotate the selection knob again . Lastly , the width adjustment will begin to wear and will not lock in place . Bottom line
 Bought it a year ago . Problems that showed up immediately : - Difficult to adjust how far it would oscillate . Usually spent about 5 minutes after set-up trying to get it to cover only the yard I wanted it to cover . - Unless water pressure was medium-high to very high , would n't oscillate -- or would oscillate for a while , and then stop . - Plastic oscillation switch was very stiff , and got stiffer as time went on . - Filter seemed to get clogged up more than any other sprinkler I 've had around here . We have pretty clean water in our area of Seattle , but I had to constantly clean the filter -- often several times a day.Then this summer , after several uses , the oscillation knob finally froze up -- no way to turn it . So into the garbage it went.I stopped by our local hardware store -LRB- they do a reasonably good job of picking good-quality yard appliances -RRB- and bought a Dramm oscillating sprinker -- one of the ones with the easy-to-set switches for sprinkler coverage . No more expensive than the Gilmour , but so far it works * much * better . Has n't had the filter clogging the Gilmour did , and the oscillation switches are a cinch to set .
 No instructions for its use were included which was unfortunate . Spent the better part of an hour trying to get it operable and never did . Unable to use it and will return it for a full refund .
 We purchased this sprinkler and were very happy with its performance-easy to operate and change the height . However , after just a few weeks , the base of the aluminum tube began to bend and finally cracked in half , rendering the sprinkler useless . The tube should have been made of much sturdier aluminum , or even of plastic pipe .
 When I opened the box I thought Amazon sent the wrong sprinkler . I ordered this sprinkler specifically because it claims to have a square pattern . The ones in the box had rotating heads which ALWAYS provides a circular pattern -LRB- physics -RRB- . I double checked the model number , the order and even the Amazon webpage . All of them agreed this was the square pattern sprinkler I ordered . I thought maybe someone had figured out how to overcome a natural law -LRB- centrifugal force -RRB- so I set it up . Even though I used the step on the stake to set it in the ground , just holding the tubing while I stuck it in the ground was enough to slightly bend it . I turned the water on and watched . Just as I thought it made a circular pattern that was n't near to 50 ' feet in diameter , though that is probably due to low water pressure -LRB- 65-85 psi -RRB- from being on a well . It also leaked from the top down the tubing and wobbled as it rotated . Needless to say I was very disappointed . I bought two of these sprinklers for a 50 ' x 75 ' garden thinking that even with the well pressure being lower than city water pressure , they should cover the garden nicely . The sprinkler actually covered less than a third of the garden and being circular in pattern , it left the corners uncovered . I do better with one properly set up oscillating sprinkler and two small fixed sprinklers for the unreached corners . For height , I would recommend using a T-Post and wiring the oscillating sprinkler to the top of it . Not only is it sturdier , it has more height to clear tall vegetables -LRB- like corn and pole beans -RRB- , reaches further and is cheaper.My advice is do n't buy one , although if you have a small garden , or a circular garden , or are on city water , you will most likely have better performance . If you do buy one , DO N'T push on the top to set the stake , and extend it after you have set it in the ground ... you will be less likely to bend the very thin aluminum tubing that way .
 This sprinkler is a great design - but very poorly made . All plastic and thin aluminum . The plastic attachment for connecting on the hose broke after 4 uses . Spend a little more and get a good quality one .
 cheap and poorly made ... I purchased this item , looked like poor quality for the price when it arrived but tried it anyway ... bad choice and now it is beyond use . should have sent it back when I realized the poor quality .
 I have the 100 ' 5/8 hose . It kinks up on me 3-4 times a use , just watering about 20 spots on my yard . The walmart hose I got years ago has n't kinked once . Wish I would 've just gotten another one of those .
 I purchased 6 of these hoses with what was supposed to be a lifetime guarantee . After a short time , the end on one of the hoses started leaking so I contacted the manufacture and got a replacement . A year later another hose started leaking and I got another replacement . Then another hose started leaking but the company would no longer honor the warranty ! Now Gilmour is selling them . But it 's the same hose - `` Flexogen '' . The hose itself it actually quite good if you do n't mind replacing the hose ends eventually , I 've had to replace every end on every Flexogen hose that I have.Keep in mind that I bought hoses from Flexogen but that company no longer exists and Gilmour would not honor the warranty on those hoses even though Gilmour is now selling them . Lifetime warranty is n't much good when the company gets bought or taken over by another company and the new company -LRB- Gilmour -RRB- wo n't honor the warranty . And who wants to have to keep sending in hose parts to get a replacement every year or two .
 Not sure what my title has to do with anything ... Nonetheless , here 's the scoop on this hose . I live in sunny , SUNNY southern Cal . I owned the hose for approximately 3 weeks when I noticed two 3 '' -5 '' incisions , about 10 feet from each other , on the shell -LRB- external portion -RRB- of the hose . So , I cut the ends off , wrote a note , slipped everything in an envelope and waited to see how fast the replacement would arrive . Including shipping , it took Gilmour about 2 weeks to send me the replacement . What frustrated me was the SASE postcard they included asking me what had happened . Um ... did you not read MY NOTE ??? Gilmour states this about their hose
 I bought this last spring intending to use it right away , but got delayed and only just started to use it . Well it leaks badly at one of the conectors where it joins the hose . Also the hose is very stiff and hard to straighen -LRB- and it 's a much hotter than normal right now -RRB- . It has n't kinked on me yet
 I purchased two 5/8 '' 100 ft. hoses and was initially pleased . However , one of them sprung two leaks within the first 2 weeks of use . These were manufacturing defects ; tiny holes that ran all the way through the `` 8 layers '' of material . I patched them and moved on . Over the very mild winter here in VA , both of the hoses suffered surface cracks -LRB- not through to the inside ; outer case only -RRB- and sprung new leaks . They were stored outside on a reel . I blew air through them before putting them up so the likelyhood of freezing water in the line is remote . Interestingly , the other hoses on the reel -LRB- Swan -RRB- do not leak and show no signs of stress . I have had the Swan hoses for 10 or more years.Gilmour 10-58100 8-ply Flexogen Hose 5/8-Inch-by -100 - Foot , Green
 After reading several good reviews about this hose , I decided to order one . First concern was that it arrived in a box without an invoice ... just a hose in a box . The first time we used the hose , it kinked and that 's one of the reason we ordered it . It was n't supposed to kink . Lastly , after using it about 4 times , it sprung a leak as the result of a small hole/tear in the hose . Unbelievable !
 Bought this from a local hardware store . Leaks from the end connector . Tried to exchange it but all they had on hand was the next model down . That one worked but after four years it cracked wear it bends to fit my Ames hose reel . Next time I 'm trying a different brand .
 Saw this hose mentioned in Real Simple magazine and thought it must be great after such a positive review . Let me tell you -- it is not worth the expense . The male fitting leaks all around . It 's also clunky and does not recoil well . Hoses from Target are much more reliable , cheaper and even look nicer .
 I really wanted to love this hose to replace a too heavy , too kinky hose . Even though some reviewers indicated problems , I decided to go ahead and order from Amazon anyway . It arrived quickly and well packaged . After unwinding and unscrewing the old hose , I attached this hose and wound it on the hose reel , attached the sprayer and turned it on to have water spray from two holes in the body of the hose and only a trickle come out of the hose end . How disappointing . Well now I was wet and muddy and I had to unwind the hose , clean it off and wind it up to fit back in the box for return shipment . Well I am an elderly woman and found this whole procedure difficult and messy . I have to say that the return was very easy and I got my refund with no problem . I 'm still using the too heavy , too kinky old hose that at least does n't leak .
 I purchased -LRB- 4 -RRB- 50 ' sections of this hose last year based on it 's ratings . My experience with it is that it is by no means kink free . Although better than the `` contractor grade '' rubber hoses previously purchased , kinking is a serious issue with this alleged kink-free product . Meanwhile , Craftsman hoses purchased over 35 years ago as are Swan hoses purchased at BJ 's about 15 years ago are far superior and still in use.Without water pressure in the hose it will kink at every loop . With water pressure it fares better , but it does n't match my 35 year old Craftsman hose .
 I bought a 50 foot flexogen hose . It is easily the most expensive hose I ever bought . Also it is the worst hose I ever bought . Water comes out everywhere except where I need it .
 I did n't use the hose very much at first so the problems with it did n't become evident until now -LRB- 2 months later and too late to return it -RRB- . With the hose under pressure , the layers -LRB- plys -RRB- come apart and stop up the hose from inside . I 've had to cut off the top 10-15 feet and put a new end on it . Now another section below that is breaking down . This is a very poorly made hose .
 If you want a good hose , made in the usa , and very tough , get this one
 I bought this hose , and in the back -LRB- hidden from you when you buy it -RRB- is a stern warning that the product contains `` One or more chemicals known to cause cancer , birth defects or other reproductive harm '' . You 're supposed to wash your hands after you use it ! Wash my hands after using a garden hose ? Give me a break!COME ON ! This is supposed to be a GARDEN hose ! Do n't buy this toxic piece of junk .
 I needed a new hose for the pit I dug in the basement . Of course the first place I went was Amazon . I also needed lotion , and basket , a length of rope and other various leather tools . The hose was incapable of reaching the pit !!! No matter how hard I pulled , it would n't reach . Eventually , I pulled too hard and the plumbing ruptured filling the pit and drowning it 's inhabitant . Oh well , you have to break a few eggs to make an omlet .
 I bought these hoses in hopes of less kink issues than I had in other hoses . Unfortunately this hose kinks easily as well .
 This is one where I should have listened to the other reviewers . I liked the idea of a premium hose made in the USA . Unfortunately , after sitting out less than a month it started developing bubbles with pinhole leaks . Due to the nature of the material , you can not just tape them up as with a rubber hose . The black rubber Craftsman this replaced lasted me a good 10 years . I should have sent this one back .
 Well , it was nice while it lasted , but this turned out to be a pretty cheap hose also . As soon as the weather here in South Florida started the warm days/cool nights , this Gilmour started getting kinks all over . I am not sure there really is a hose that wo n't kink ; this one sure does .
 I bought this hose from Amazon on a clearance sale forsomething like $ 10 . Really cheap!I received it and I was very impressed ... sturdy , thick , and by far the heaviest hose I 've ever seen.It did n't tangle easily and I loved it.Then problems occured .1 -RRB- It was so heavy that it tore the hose hanger from my house in the back yard .2 -RRB- it started to leak at the connections on * both * ends.I cut the hose shorter with a knife and attached my own hose ends from the hardware store and it works great now , but it should have lasted years before it leaked .
 Gilmour Solid Brass Water Jet Nozzle # 06BJJet -LSB- sweeper -RSB- nozzles produce a powerful narrow stream that use less water than conventional hose nozzles . We use them to clean the driveway & sidewalks , wash vehicles , and similar tasks . Our hoses have a valve installed at their ends to control water flow.We own several brands of jet nozzles . The Gilmour is the worst and the Nelson is the best.The brass Gilmour Jet works fine when new , but after a few gentle drops onto the driveway , the brass nozzle bent over slightly and partially separated from the base . It then leaked profusely , making it useless . The brass on the nozzle part of a Nelson brand sweeper is thicker and larger -LRB- stronger -RRB- than on the Gilmour nozzle . The Nelson can easily stand such `` abuse '' . See Customer Images . I 've dropped the Nelson nozzle on the driveway a hundred times and it 's full of scratches , scratched , but it does n't bend.Both jet sweeper nozzles work great , but my advice is to get the better quality Nelson model , especially since the Nelson jet typically costs less.Search on Google Shopping or Amazon , for `` Nelson brass sweeper Nozzle '' .
 The proof was not as advertised a simple standard nozzle purchased any where would do the same job with more flexibility , not as advertised . I wish Amazon had done an appropriate review before they passed this one on .
 This is not a Valley Forge flag . It is a cheap , probably polyester , flag . Valley Forge stamps all their flags and attaches a Perma Nyl tag . Amazon refunded my money when the seller made no response .
 This flag is an insult to fly ! Cheap material , poorly sewn , and a poor example of a state flag . I did not return it ... I simply tossed it into the trash , `` where it belongs ! '' `` DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS GARBAGE ! `` Doc '' Waddy
 I bought this for my husband who loves bird feeders and airstream trailers . We hung it from the thread it came with and it fell and broke just three days later ! Be warned if you purchase this to use something stronger than the nylon thread . I wasted $ 30 on this we only got to enjoy 3 days ! Too bad because it was adorable .
 This was a bad mistake to purchase this item . It was for a friend who loves to camp in their Airstream . When the birdfeeder arrived it looked like junk , the silver paint was all runny and it was scratched and just looked horrible . It also looked like a 2 year old painted the signage on the feeder . It was just a nightmare and had to return it . Not very happy-lost my first shipping charges and also to return . Do not make this mistake .
 When I saw the picture of this I thought it was the perfect gift . BUT , when it arrived I was extremely disappointed . I would have been embarassed to give this as a gift , the paint and quality was poor everything about it screamed dollar store , however I paid $ 40 after tax & shipping .
 I bought it to replace another birdhouse , it is very small but cute . I hung it up and the ring that holds the line came out of the trailer , I might be able to glue it back in but I do n't think it will stay in for long . so now it sits on a table as decoration .
 If you want this birdhouse head over to Oriental Trading ... where it came from and type in item # 96/1333 . You will find it there for $ 15 !
 This item is too small to be use as a real birdhouse , I fault myself in not looking at the dimension before the order . The seller should though label it as decorative only .
 This piece is so thin , that it arrived broken . There is no clean out , so its function is limited . The openings for the birds are small , and positioned high up , so the feeder needs to be full in order to be useful . The wire that it comes with is way too thin . I advise buying this only for a cute thing in your garden , replace the wire , and do n't put anything in it .
 I ordered two of these from ANTOline and when they came they were not the one illustrated . They were the newer design P100 with the red knobs and not the push button setting . The new ones have a problem with setting , the actual time you set it is the time it will come on every day . I want mine to come on at 4:00 am so I have to wake up and set it at that time . The old model had a facility where you could set it so it to come on so many hours after you set it . For instance if you set it at 8:00 pm you could press the button 8 times and then it would come on at 4:00 am.Having looked everwhere locally for the older design I finally found this on line only to be disapointed when it turned out to be exactly the same one as in the local stores which if I had I bought it locally would have cost less than the on-line one with post and packing.I assume that the old model is no longer produced even though it is shown on the Gilmour web site . I think the new model should be shown in the illustration to avoid misleading buyersKeith EustaceSouth Carolina .
 Some times when I push the enter button it does not work , or do I need to push it several times.Also , you must be awake to enter the hour you want it to be started . For example , if you want it to start at 3 AM in the morning , you must be awake to do this .
 This product worked well the first week , then I had to change the soaker hose I had attached to it because the house had a leak . Then I wanted to add another soaker hose for the other side of the house.Well , when I attached both hoses and set the timer , the water was spraying everywhere at the site where the faucet connects to the timer.So , I had to manuver the timer around , and finally got it to stop spraying everywhere , but then the timer would n't shut off , and go to the mode I had it set for.Usually , when you set it for the mode you want , it would automaticallly spray right then , but shut off after about 5 minutes , then resume it 's regular cyle without problem . Not , this time , it just kept right on running.I had to turn it off for a couple days thinking it would reset itself.And , it seems to have done that . When I set it again , everything seems to be running fine.My opinion is that this timer can be a hassle , and that so far no water timer that I 've tried has worked exactly right .
 Great if you want a disposable unit ... I had two of these ad neither lasted past the second season ...
 This is my second unit . The first failed after about 3 days . -LRB- stopped turning on , either with the program or manually . -RRB- Amazon promptly sent a replacement . Unfortunately , it did n't work at all . Being in faily desperate need of a unit , I bought a Melnor 6-cycle electronic timer at Home Depot -LRB- $ 40 -RRB- . So far -LRB- 10 days -RRB- it has worked flawlessly .
 It was easy to install . Worked beautifully for five days.Than died . Yes , I put fresh batteries and did not put them reverse.Also I know there is a reset button on it.It was a great satisfaction to put it in the garbage.Why is is so hard for engineers to design one that works ?
 This timer worked for 2 weeks , then died . My Nelson timer lasted for a full season at least . I am going to try Orbit next .
 It went belly up after the first rain storm . Evidently not tight enough to keep the wet out for outside use ! Now I have to try to send it back to the manufacturer . Get raindrip timers instead .
 This newer Gilmour model with 2 rotary dials . It can not be set to turn on at some later time . Unlike the older 3 push pad style , which could be set to go on at up to 23 hours from time of inital setting , this one can only be set for the current time . Want to water at 4:00 AM every 3 days , then set your clock for 4:00 AM tommorow morning so that you can program unit.Gilmour really let the consumer down on this one.BTW -- Almost all of the reviews here refer to the older 9100 model with touch pads .
 From reading the other reviews and from my own experience I judge this product not too reliable . I have owned two of them , and both failed after a short timeReturning when to my surprise and confusion the illustration now looks entirely different . Evidently Gilmour used the same model number for an entirely new and different unit , certainly not what rocket engineers would doHowever , I note mixed reviews , indicating a reasonable chance you might get a good one
 This item crapped out the first weekend I used it - when I opened it later water was in the apparatus electricals . Drying it and it works for now but obviously the seal came bad . DO NOT BUY . You do n't want this thing locking up on `` ON '' while you are away and spilling thousands of gallons .
 I bought 3 of these timers and they worked great for a year and a half . I checked them to see that they were working properly and found that none of them were working . I put in new batteries and found that none of the timers worked . They lasted less than a year and a half . I called the manufacturer and they said the warrenty was only good for a year . In the trash they went .
 This is not the Gilmour model 9100 that performed so reliably for me for over three years . The original model had a white body , electronic keypad , and a black hinged cover . Gilmour apparently designed a completely different timer and used it to supercede the old model , using the same model number . It does not compare well with the earlier version.My original Gilmour 9100 worked beautifully until I let it freeze this past winter . I ordered a replacement from Amazon ; the original model was still displayed on the site at that time . I received this odd-looking green timer.This new green 9100 timer has died after 3 months of use . It may have had a problem being exposed to the sun , as it does not have the protective cover of the original model . The control panel became sunbaked and brown after about a month . I was a little concerned about the controls being exposed to rain and sun , but I thought the timer would last a year at least.When the timer died recently , it died with the valve halfway open , so the water ran continuously . I tried replacing the batteries , but the timer did not respond.I have not sworn off Gilmour products altogether yet . The previous 9100 model was excellent . I do wish that manufacturers would not recycle model numbers when they redesign a product so significantly . I find this very misleading.When you are reading the reviews for this product to make your buying decision , keep in mind that any reviews prior to 2007 are likely to be for a completely different product . I do not recommend the redesigned Gilmour 9100 .
 I have owned four of these . Only one of them currently works . I have been using these timers -LRB- very successfully until recently -RRB- to water large vegetable pots and another to water a LARGE string of shrubs . I am experiencing the same problem reported by almost everyone else who is reporting problems - the units wo n't shut off and they flood my pots . I bought the first more than two years ago . I was going to order another one since this model had lasted longer than any other irrigation timer that I have purchased . Much to my surprise , the price has gone up considerably since I last bought one -LRB- september 2008 was $ 32.00 -RRB- . Given that I have gotten more than two years of service out of only one of these timers , I will just water by hand for now . Ca n't anyone build a decent , durable , affordable timer these days ?
 Automatic selections never worked on water timer . I had to push button everytime to get water to come on .
 I have had several of this timer , and would not recommend them to anyone ! They function for a few months then leak into their electronics or battery compartment making them non-functional . I have tried several different brands of settable timers , we have about ten -LRB- 10 -RRB- set up to water our various flower beds , and have found only the Vigoro and Ace Hardware -LRB- round green settable ones -RRB- ones worth their cost . Almost all of them either leak or stop functioning after one year or less .
 Both of the ones I brought home failed to work at all . When I returned the second one , the return desk person pointed to another one sitting in a cart returned earlier in the day . I opted not to try a third time.I believe the folks who like them . They got working ones .
 I bought this product at WalMart for far less -LRB- it may have been a different model number , but otherwise looks exactly the same -RRB- . I tried the instructions which said to insert the batteries in the back . I used the type of battery they said and I tried hooking it up even after resetting it the way the manual said , but ultimately , neither of them did anything . I listened for any sign that it would do something and set the dials to the shortest run time and starting cycle I could and waited and reset the two that I bought again . Never worked . I returned it to WalMart . I never had a chance to try it for a more than a season like some have mentioned , but Gilmore had a bad taste in my mouth especially if you include the really difficult maintenance of the thing having to unscrew the mounting in the back and to have to ground the battery contacts to reset it . I was not happy at all with this device .
 One of the worst purchases I 've made . Bought 2 , 1 never even turned on , returned it . Neither the other nor the replacement worked properly . I have a lot of experience with garden water timers and did everything correctly . Poor quality .
 I 've been using this timer for the last year without issue . I bought it late last summer/early fall and found the wonders of the automatic timer linked to my drip irrigation system . I bought it after reading all the wonderful reviews of the product . Unfortunately I recently found that it had run out of batteries . Tried replacing them using the method described on the side of the unit to reset it . I put in the batteries and the valve worked ... and worked ... and kept on working . It would not stop until I took out the batteries again . So now I 'm contacting Gilmour in hopes that it 's covered by their advertised lifetime warranty . We shall see . If it gets replaced for free or for the price of shipping then I shall carefully add a star or two . But do n't think that you are getting the best timer out there . Based on my experience I would say you are throwing the dice regardless of which timer you buy . B/c even the one that is raved about is faulty in some cases . Whether it is a lot less than other brands , I do n't know , but beware that this one is not foolproof and the ultimate in quality .
 I am joining the great company of reviewers who bought this item only to have it fail about 3 weeks after the warranty expired . Like everyone else , mine would not shut off . Just to make sure it was not the batteries , I removed them and tested them with a voltmeter - both about 1.52 volts -LRB- ie plenty of charge left -RRB- . I hope I did not throw away the old timer it replaced which while a little less nice ran for at least 4 years before I took it out .
 I opened the battery compartment once before locating batteries for it just to inspect the water seal surface . When I tried to tighten the battery compartment screw the plastic threads had crossed accidentally , but all too easily . It is never a good idea for soft plastic to be threaded into metal ! Fail # 1 . After correcting problem # 1 with a thread file I powered it up with fresh batteries and programmed it for first time use . I then placed it back into its base and pressed the manual water on override for a 15 minute cycle . The timer valve opened about 1/3 of the way and stopped . The screen froze at 15 minutes and refused to respond to user input . The valve stayed in that position and nothing could be done about it . Two days have passed and it is still frozen . As far as critical operations go I would say automated devices should fail shut in the event of failures such as these . Fail # 2 I did n't find any reset override option . Fail # 3 . I 'm not happy with this unit being that I would give it a second chance , but last minute design changes now I require two zones so I will be going after a different unit since this one provides two outputs , but not two timer outputs .
 this timer leaked almost immediately on its first use . It worked sporadically . I left it outside for the winter -LRB- water turned off inside the house and hose drained -RRB- and by spring it would n't work at all . Water had leaked into the the timer compartment . Maybe not designed for that kind of use , but I 'd certainly try another brand before I bought one of these .
 Over a three year period I have tried several of these but none lasted over three months . Moisture condenses inside and the circuit board fries . I have been careful to keep them covered , out of the rain & off the ground but result is the same.There is an obvious design flaw in isolating the circuit board . I thought it was the seal where the batteries go but it 's more than that one place . The problem seems to be inside where the ball valve erodes the gasket separating it from the electronics.For the short period of time it works great but not worth the price for such a short lived and poorly designed product .
 I have 4 of these bought 3 months ago . Have had to return one unit after 4 days , now 3 more are not working . setting is difficult and battery replacement requires taking the unit off and using a screw drive to reset and replace . No low battery light . No user friendly , not reliable , not durable .
 My second Gilmour timer , the previous more expensive item `` electronic timer '' version cracked right down the plastic piece that is supposed to do all the turning.So I went for the cheaper version this time , with the nice simple dials . Got a good two months out of it -LRB- maybe 30 uses ? -RRB- before the batteries died . Simple fix , went to replace them , and had a torrent of water come out when I removed the battery seal . -LRB- seal is an overstatement it seems -RRB- . And this is during summer!Removed the rust , and tried to dry it out , but impossible to get inside the case . Then noticed more water leaking from bottom , suggesting there are a few more drips in there than desired.Need to try some other brand . In16 months of home ownership , have gone through 2 Gilmour watertimers and two Gilmour hose sprinklers . Seems their durability is rubbish .
 used it one season and towards the end of last summer i noticed the shut off valve was allowing water to continously pass thru . Ouch , how much water did i waste last year ? Its a new season and i forgot all about that valve . I set it up and was testing the program and realized after the valve closed water was still getting by . I had to post this so others do n't make the same mistake .
 Bought the model pictured -LRB- with two rotary knobs -RRB- at a local box store , but it only worked for a few days . They replaced it and it worked for three months - until the batteries died . With new batteries the valve would not stay open . It merely cycled open , paused momentarily , then closed . I 'll take it back again and see if they will honor the one year warranty . Granted , it did work reliably for three months , but I DO NOT RECOMMEND this product . The settings for watering frequency and duration are somewhat limited and a bit confusing . The controls feel cheap and the sound the unit makes while opening/closing is like a cheap toy .
 A year ago , I bought two Gilmour 9100 water timers to run some soaker hoses in the gardens . They are easy to use BUT they are n't coming on automatically after about 10 months of use . The manual start works fine . The timer cuts off after the correct number of minutes . However , the timer WILL NOT START automatically . That rather defeats the purpose of having a timer . My garden turned very dry here in Texas through May and June and I am replacing plants I should n't have to . And yes , I did try changing the batteries .
 i bought this timer about 6 months ago as a replacement for a better programmable one . after researching some , wanting to buy locally , and getting something not so expensive , i settled on this one . after reading reviews of several other gilmour timers , i concluded that many are affected by the elements -LRB- go figure -RRB- . so i put a plastic bag over this one so it would n't be rained on -LRB- my last one broke because it was rained on and water got inside the supposedly sealed battery/electric compartment . well , this one broke too . i would not recommend gilmour timers . other products of theirs i have used have been fine , but not the timers . hopefully , i can write them and they will send me a refund , because i certainly do n't want a replacement !
 I ordered three of the 9100 's the first week of June , 2008 . I was surprised that one of the units had completely stopped working by the second week of July and then a week later a second unit failed . Replacing the batteries did not help with either of the failed units so I will be returning all three units for a refund . The refund will only be a partial refund since it has been over 30 days since I made the purchase .
 This worked great for 3 weeks and now it wo n't shut off . I do n't know about anyone else , but I am sick to death of cheap , one season , EXPENSIVE , disposable merchandise.I have 4 water timers I run every summer . I take them all in in the fall before the snow flies . I remove all the old batteries and store them indoors . This year I have had to replace 3 timers and none of them were inexpensive and all of them were new last summer . . If I were paying $ 9.99 for these pieces of junk , I would n't be so angry , but that is not the case . $ 40 dollars here ... $ 60.00 there adds up to a lot of money when you 're using 4 timers . Do they even make a reliable water timer anymore?I use to buy Ace Hardware timers and they lasted for years and years . Now , they do n't sell the ones I used anymore and I 've been stuck trying to find one that will work for longer than a summer season . Is there a reason they make cheap junk now ? Yes ! It 's so you will have to continue buying more and more of their cheap junk ... year after year after year . Keep them coming back for more junk . It 's good for the economy.Personally , I think Maytag had it right . Make a good product that will last forever and you will have happy , faithful customers forever . Quality products have gone out the window . No one cares anymore . Well , I care and I do not recommend this product . It 's just the usual piece of cheaply made junk .
 Worked fine the first year but the next year it just started running and would n't quit so now it 's useless . I see more people had the same problems as I did . DO N'T BUY IT !
 I bought the first one and loved it , so I bought the second one for the back yeard . They worked well for the entire summer and fall ... so the winter came , and before freezing , I remove them and stored in an appropriated place . This year , I changed the batteries and installed them again ... the first one does not turn off ... if keeps on forever ... and the second one , turns on ... and after 5 seconds it turns off despite my configuration . Well ... I will have to turn the water manually now , because I am not willing to sepend $ 80.00 for a machine that only works one season .
 I used it to water my tomato garden . It worked for one season . I storedit inside for the winter and then when I took it out in the springand replaced the batteries , it would not work . JUNK .
 I bought two of these a year ago and they bought died and since I hade a credit card extended warrenty I had to get a replacement item so I figured I would give it another try.Well both of the new items died due to moisture getting into the electronics as the unit does n't appear to be waterproof.They also increated the price now of this model from $ 22.62 ti 35.99 so with more than a 50 % increase in price it is definately not worth it .
 I love this design , but when I received mine it did n't work . I called Gilmour and they said this model was discontinued because the electronics do n't work . It was too late to get a refund from Amazon , so they graciously offered to refund my money . Gilmour pulled the product out of stores , but I guess they 're still for sale online in some places .
 I bought a 9100 last year to water some new grass at my campground . I set it up the 1st week , and left for the week . Next weekend , dry lawn . This timer worked by turning a ball valve 1/4 turn to go from off to on to off . Well , it just started to turn continuously until the batteries died . New batteries showed the fault . Out of luck.This year , with no choices at Lowe 's , I got another . It worked for 3 months this time , and then just stopped working . Out of luck again.Looking on-line at Amazon , I am amazed at how many timers there are out there , and what a pile of crap they all make , based on reviews.I found that the only consistently well reviewed timer was the Claber series , so I have ordered that . Wish me luck .
 I set this automatic sprinkler up a few days before I went on a month-long trip . I wanted it to water for 5 minutes every 24 hours . After setting the dials and pressing start , the valve would open and it would water . When I checked it 24 hours later , I thought I might have simply missed its cycle and the water had already soaked into the ground . Same thing the next day . To confirm , I set the dials again and pressed start and it worked , but again 24 hours later , I was n't sure if it was about to water or I had missed it . Unfortunately , I had run out of time to test , and needed to leave . The final test was that my garden did n't get watered.Without feedback , this is a terrible product , and it 's twice the price of an automatic timer with a display I purchased from Home Depot.Update 2009-10-01
 I was given two of these as a birthday gift back in May . They sat in the box until several weeks ago when I took one out and finally decided to try it out . I 'd say it lasted around three weeks before it locked up and would not shut off . I 've tried removing the batteries overnight , putting in new batteries , shorting the contacts together to reset the timer -LRB- recommended by sticker on side of unit -RRB- and doing a Google search to see if anyone else has had similar problems with theirs and what they may have done to fix it.The only thing I found on an Internet search was that this unit is apparently not waterproof and condensation builds up inside and eventually causes the circuit board to fail . An outdoor water timer that is not waterproof ? Hmm ... Anyway , I 'm going to call Gilmour customer service during normal business hours tomorrow and see about getting a replacement . The manual inside the box says it has a one-year warranty -LRB- not lifetime , as someone else said in another review -RRB- . Since it was a gift I do not have a receipt so we 'll see how this goes . In the meantime I guess I 'll take the other still unused timer out of the box and see how long it lasts . If this failure rate is as common as many of the reviews I 've read about it I would not recommend this product . I would expect something more from a well-known name like Gilmour . I 'll see tomorrow if they stand behind their products.Edit
 They replaced a great timer with this junk . I 've had 8 , none lasted more than 6 months . 2 were broken when I took them out of the box . 4 others did n't last 2 months . I bought them because the one they replaced averaged 3 years of constant use . I was sorely mistaken . What ever you do , do n't buy this junk .
 I 've had mine for about three months . When I came back from vacation in late December it had cracked and it was spewing water . I was surprised , considering that I live in southern Arizona . Apparently , it is just out of the 90 day warranty from Lowe 's . I 'll have to try a different brand -LRB- probably from Amazon , since you 're lucky if you have two choices at regular stores -RRB- or just turn the drip system on manually , especially in the winter .
 I got this product as was pleased , at first . I ordered it in November and by the first of January it would not shut off . The ball inside continues to revolve from open to closed as long as the battaries are in place . I plan to order another one and see if it was just a lemon . All the other reviews were positive .
 There are a lot of choices if you are shopping for a hose-fitting timer . I have used Gilmour products for many years and have been generally satisfied . After I installed a drip system in some new raised beds I was just naturally drawn to the Gilmour products.The timer worked as it should for two days before it stopped . I was confused so I thought maybe the batteries I installed were bad . I opened the battery cover and the insides were full of water . The cover was tight and there is no other place I could have screwed up . Lo and behold as I looked at it , it slowly filled with water again . Obviously a seal was not holding ... Time to shop for another timer ...
 i was disappointed with my Gilmour # 9100 water timer . it would not consistently turn on/off after programming . the one year limited warranty states that transportation must be prepaid for replacement . what a joke ! it 's not worth the trouble . please look into the alternatives .
 You will spend a lot of time learning HOW to program this unit.You will hook it up and work out how to get it to NOT LEAK.You will turn the water on.Go away expecting it to work.It WILL FAIL you and your plants WILL SUFFER.Unimaginable they would release this unit for free much less SELL IT !
 Easy installation and decent instructions . I am fond of the `` Off/On now '' feature that does not cause the `` timer program '' to reset.As noted by others this unit does not keep Hours and Minutes but follows a 24 hour `` cycle '' . It helped me to avoid running outside at six am to hit the little button by , after testing the setup , bringing it inside and doing the the button push while I was brushing my teeth . I returned it outside to duty , at my leisure , latter that day.So far , so good.August 2009 updateSadly I had the same issues that others have reported . When the unit stopped working I went to replace the batteries and found the area `` wet '' . I had two system and the second failed soon after . I dissected the corpses and found that they has leaked internally and rusted at vital spots . I replaced them with the `` white '' timer system that has the little slave water controllers and they are now into their second year.I had to drop my my rating as lasting only a year + is a bit weak in my view .
 1-I got the white one with the less options.2-No invoice which makes the customs and the tax considered to be higher even more than its price
 I 've owned two of these . They work great for one season , but they rarely work the second season -LRB- despite changing the batteries -RRB- .
 PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS DESCRIPTION AND PICTURE DO NOT MATCH THE PRODUCT THAT YOU RECEIVE . THE ONE THAT YOU RECEIVE HAS TWO RED KNOBS BUT AT LEAST CAN BE DONE IN LESS THAN 15 MIN INCREMENTS . I CONTACTED GILMOUR -LRB- WHO MAKES THE WATER TIMER -RRB- . THEY SAID THAT THE ONE THAT I RECEIVED IS THE LATEST VERSION OF 9100 -LRB- WHICH BEGS ME TO ASK WHY NOT CHANGE THE MODEL NUMBER AND WHY DO THEY STILL HAVE THE `` OLD '' VERSION ON THEIR SITE -RRB- .
 I purchased this product and rush shipped it so that I could install it before I went out of town . I spent about an hour trying different things to make it work and I was totally disappointed . I wasted my time . I understand that things could go wrong with products . I got a taste of what the company thinks about their product when I called the Gilmour customer service the next day . The customer rep suggested that I buy another model of their product which is more reliable . Reading between the lines ` We do not trust our products ' . They should not be in this business if they do not trust their own products.I am disappointed that Amazon carries such products ! Amazon agreed to credit me for the product . Who will pay for the wasted time !
 Worked well first year . Next year the valve would not shut off water and allowed for unwanted slow and steady stream . Also , it tends to freeze up if you play with the buttons too much . The remedy is to take out the batteries for a few minutes .
 I purchased 4 of these last year and only one is functional this year . The problem is the battery cover leaks water in which ruins the timer . Also , the start button is really difficult to push . I 'm trying a different model this year .
 Despite good reviews here - I have had two of these units go bad in just a few days of use . They both worked great at first but later stopped passing flow when the timer came on . I will say that Gilmour 's customer service is great . After the first on went bad , they sent me a second at no charge .
 A hairline crack developed in the side of the plastic covering around the valve after one year of use . Water now sprays out of the unit when the valve is in the closed position . It would be great if the pressure components of this unit were made of brass .
 This sprinkler is great for adjusting to square yards or odd shaped yards . The big problem is it Pools alot around the base of the sprinkler , soaking that area heavily .
 Arrived used , had already been opened on bottom of box . Residue of something milky already in tank . Product will not seal to contain pressure . Never had Amazon send me a used product before . It also does not have an adjustable brass nozzle as stated on product page . That is the 100HDPIB . The ` B ' on the end of the product number indicates the ` brass ' fixtures .
 Bought this June , 2011 and have used it just three times to spray garden weeds . It now leaks badly in two locations , so I called Gilmour and they said it comes with just a 90-day warranty . Sad , especailly so since it is made in the U.S.A. Do n't waste your money/time on this product .
 I bought this sprayer specifically because it was advertised to have an all brass adjustable spray tip . It does not . It has a plastic tip which was not satisfactory for my use . I sent it back
 When I received this item the first time , it was missing the entire spray assembly . All that I recieved was the cannister and the hose . It was missing the cap to the cannister and the plunger . I called Gilmour customer service and they were useless . Amazon sent me a new sprayer and I returned the first unit . The replacement unit severely leaks from a pressed fitting that goes into thevalve head . You ca n't do anything to stop the leak from this pressed fitting . I will be returning this item to Amazon . Save your money , time , and frustrations and do not pruchase this item .
 I selected a commercial sprayer being tired of buying a sprayer every year.At first try the hose was leaking at the tank/hose connection and at the nozzle/hose connection.I tightened the hose clamp at the tank and it worked.The nozzle/hose connection is a pressure fitting and can not be tightened . I ended up cutting the pressure connection and using a hose clamp . The functionality of the nozzle is now somewhat compromised since i can not reposition the handle back but I needed the sprayer and did n't have the time to return it.At the end I am quite disappointed and take the loss .
 it is not easy to put into the ground . The problem is that the spike portion , which is located below the pass-through head , should have been made at a right angle and not parallel with the head . This poor design makes it difficult to place one 's feet on the pegs . Try again , Gilmour .
 I used this sprayer for weeds . It has only been used 10 times and I have to throw it away . The valve broke after 4 uses and was replaced by the manufacturer . Now , the pump is broken rendering the unit unusable . It is really a piece of junk - not well constructed . I had to purchase two hose clamps early in it 's life to keep the hose on during use . The manufacturer did not even think of suppling these hose clamps . We have a Chapin sprayer used for many years . We will replace this one with another Chapin .
 The pump broke during first use . It 's cheaply made . Had to return it .
 I bought two of these . We used them to pick up pecans in short grass/bare earth . We only got about 2 hours out of each one before they broke . -LRB- One fell completely apart -RRB- . The wire wheel is held together with a cheap hose clamp . We 're a pecan farm , so we did n't abuse them - we know how to use them . I was very disappointed and Amazon gave me my money back . I do n't recommend these for anyone unless you have one or two trees in your yard , and even then do n't expect to use them next year .
 Possibly the worst item I have ever owned . The first model would not work at all . The second one blew a connection and sprayed my face with herbicide . I 'll pass on a third attempt .
 I owned sprayers for years and wish SOMEONE would develop a high quality sprayer that is easy to use and will last . This problem is the biggest reason why people do n't take care of their roses as well as they would like to.This particular sprayer does not hold pressure , requiring you to pump the handle WHILE you are spraying , which is not easy unless you have three hands . At least other sprayers allow you to pump and then spray perhaps 5 bushes before you need to pump the pressure again . Poor design . I 'm tossing it after this first use .
 This is the beginning or the second or third season I have had this sprayer . The backpack part is ok , the shoulder straps are reasonable , but it really could use a hip belt - I added one . When the pump works , its a good sprayer . But the pump has been poor quality from the beginning . First , after a lot playing around with it , I finally found a piece of plastic debris from the fabrication process inside the pump causing it to work intermittently . Notwithstanding that , the pump seals are very poor quality and do not seal well , leaving me again with no pressure . I am a a real do-it-yourselfer and fix all kinds of stuff . But this pump is such low quality that I am not going to bother getting replacement seals , which would be a trivial repair task . Rather , I am going to throw the whole thing away and buy a different brand .
 I 'm yet another victim of the chemicals pouring down the back from this poorly sealed sprayer . I though at first I did n't close the cap properly , or that maybe I caused spillage as I had to lean forward supporting the backpack 's weight on my back to pull the cumbersome straps into place , but it 's just poor design causing the leakage . The pump stopped working the first use , I took it apart , reassembled , and it stopped again halfway through being emptied . The entire unit tips to the side toward the pump arm and wobbles back and forth . Feels really unstable and takes too much work . A waste of money !
 This is what I sent direct to the company with no answer back . . Poured toxic chemicals down my back via the filler cap . . No oring to seal the Filler cap ?? also metal clamp to hold wand to rubber hose was squirting in my eyes . . Had safety glasses on . Needed to put a hose clamp above the factory metal crimp clamp . . Have to get this thing sent back.To
 Bought one of these from the local Atwoods . The second time I used it , the spray cutoff malfunctioned and it would take several seconds after releasing the trigger for the spray to stop . Took it back and got another . After three minimal uses , the check valve went out . Ordered another set of valves and O-rings to the tune of 15.00 from Hudson . Used once and within 10 minutes an O-ring gave way . After replacing O-ring used once and then the check valve was out again . The straps are very uncomfortable and difficult to adjust , which is not really that big of an issue since the thing has rarely worked.Hudson 63184 Suprema Bak-Pak 4 Gallon Sprayer Poly
 This product broke down on the fourth or fifth use - some tubing inside came undone - it is still to be seen whether we can repair it and how much trouble that will be .
 I purchased this sprayer at my local farm & Fleet store in Central Illinois . Worked fine first dozen times or so . I was using pump with only water -LRB- no chemicals -RRB- while we did controlled burns on our CRP land as a spot extinguisher . This summer I added some 2-4-D and roundup products for weed and brush control for use on our fence rows . The chemicals killed the pump . I just ordered a seal kit to rebuild it , but think this is a poorly made product . It has to be babied . For my farm , I need something that I can grab and go , and it NEEDS to WORK NOW . I am frustrated with all the time spent monkeying around with this Hudson sprayer to keep it working . Makes the job go TWICE as LONG . If you want a good back pack spray , look elsewhere.As a note , it is important to rinse ANY sprayer with warm soapy water after spraying chemical . Also pump some of the soap water thru the sprayer wand and then rinse.Then let tank and pump air dry . Do not let chemicals sit in tank after use for more than a couple days . Yes , it is a pain to clean the tank after use . But your sprayers will last much longer with a little care , this way . Just my 2 cents . Thanks , and good luck
 Horrible sprayer . Tank does not hold pressure and leaks down my back . I would not advise buying this sprayer . Returned !
 Sprayer is 100 % plastic , no quality metal atomizer.No pressure release valve.There are much better sprayers out there . Avoid this one .
 I was pretty disappointed with this . I bought it to spray Sevin dust on my roses , but it is not consistent . You either get none or a big glob that looks like you threw a handful on them . Not worth returning due to shipping , but I ca n't recommend .
 I 've had this thing for a little over a year . I got it for spraying powder Sevin . As it comes from the factory and the tank filled it delivers a blob of dust or nothing , and sometimes when you think you have nothing , a clog clears and a big blob under pump pressure suddenly fires out the nozzle . It was practically useless as delivered from the manufacturer so before I tossed it in the trash , this spring I opened it up and enlarged the nozzle holes by 50 % . It works much more consistently now . By that I mean it 's usable . CAUTION
 Many years ago we used to have a great pump duster that we got at Agway . That worked very well.We bought this duster from Lowes online because of the price . My wife does the gardening.It was difficult for her to pump and did not pump the dust evenly . After a couple of months she went back to her rotary duster and we threw this one away . We do not recommend it .
 Bought it a while back and did n't get a chance to use it until recently . It 's clear that the one I have was assembled wrong as the pump is pumping air the wrong way . Typically this would be an easy fix , but you ca n't disassemble it to clean or fix either .
 I agree with the other reviews about this being an all or nothing duster . It either sprays a heavy layer of powder or nothing at all . In addition to that , it 's a mess to fill . They opening needs to be larger . I always ended up with such a mess when I used this . Save your money and buy a different one . Mine is just sitting on a shelf , rusting .
 I got this same duster at my local Lowes for $ 10.00 -LRB- a little more with tax -RRB- .
 This is not a high quality , or medium quality flag . It 's printed on nylon , which was expected , but the hems are poor and the printing is poor . There are stripes that are not straight and fuzzy printing lines . You get what you pay for .
 I have bought both the Raindrip dual-station and the single-station timers , and all have quickly failed . Inside , a motor-driven gear assembly opens and closes the water valve , and the gear shafts break . So , it becomes a throw-away ! My collection lies in a heap in my garden shed . I 'm going to send them all back to Raindrip ! And please do not confuse this RAINDRIP product name from another , called RAINBIRD , which is a completely different company .
 This product is not worth buying . I purchased one and it stopped working within weeks of bying it . After contacting the supplier they sent a second unit . It worked for a while and one zone failed in the open mode . I 'm not sure how long the water was on before I discovered it was permanently on.Don ' t buy this . The other reviews are right ... it 's junk !
 I agree with the other reviewers . I had two of these . The battery compartment is on the top of the device -- ridiculous design allowing water to penetrate to the battery ! Within a short space drips off the faucet had it out of commission . I took it back to the store and got another , tied a plastic bag on the top this time . After a few days the device stopped working and began leaking water from inside . I took the cover off and found the inside to be completely flooded and all parts rusted and corroded . I was very disappointed in what could have been a very handy device . I really liked the dual station feature .
 Another rainbird product that failed quickly . The rainbird timers -LRB- possibly those from Home Depot -RRB- , including this one , work for about 1 to 2 weeks . They fill with water and shortcircuit the electronics . Once the units are opened and dried they perform only until they again fill with water . The seals appear to be intact yet they still leak . This timer only worked tempoarily on the first timer stage but not the second . The timer on the second never worked and only allowed the valve to remain `` on '' . I attempted to contact rainbird , but have not at this time received a return call .
 Returning my 2nd R682CP in the past two weeks as the Zone 2 shut off does not work . The first one turned on when it should have been turned off , this one the Zone 2 does not shut off completely resulting in water waste . Two strikes and you 're out for me !!!
 I purchased this timer less than 2 years ago and I am already shopping for a replacement . I do not know what part of the mechanism broke . I do know however that the battery compartment constantly let water in , including when I tried to insulate it with additional layer of silicone . This would kill the 9v battery and the device would go out of commission . I would only notice when the plants started to look half-dead . Overall , it is a garbage product . If I could , I would replace it with another product .
 What 's the saying ? Fool me once ... Well , shame on me . I bought a single zone Raindrip last year , but figured it failed because I did n't screw the cover on tight enough . Apparently not . I bought a two zone which lasted about six days still I shut it off to do some yardwork . Upon trying to turn it back on it would : Turn on whenever the reset setting was on , turn on zone 2 when trying to set zone 1 -LRB- Zone two 's knobs having NEVER been turned even one click -RRB- , Run in the OFF position , Turn off in the ON position . And basically fail in each and every way imaginable . Well OK , not every way , the seal worked pretty well so at least I never had problems with it leaking from the spigot.Raindrip = Fresno 's biggest shame - and that 's saying A LOT !
 This thing died during the first season I bought it , with the valve stuck open . Replacing the batteries did n't help - it just continuously ran the motor trying to close the valve . Stay away .
 Have had 4 different timers and this Rain Drip Dual Station is the worst ever . . Worked 2 weeks and must have internal short -LRB- water leaking ? -RRB- as batteries go dead in a day . Threaded coupling for hoses is not deep enough and some hoses pop out . Unbelievably , battery compartment is n't sealed and leaks water in . Based on what I have seen and the other reviews here it would be a mistake to buy any Rain Drip product as their standards for product quality seem very low .
 I ordered Mancozeb FLWBL W/Zinc Pt . and it 's been over a week , no shipment , no information , no response , except from Amazon who created the order , but no shipment whatsoever . NOT GOOD AT ALL !!!!!! Would avoid ZPets.Finally they did get back to me and told me that it would be another week or two , but they did this only after I contacted them , not the other way around which would have been the right way to conduct business .
 I have no idea if the product works . If you order from Stone to Plow you will never find out either . They will take your money but will not send you product or answer your emails .
 To get the liquid of your choosing into this unit , you 'll need a funnel and about 5-10 minutes to sit/stand there slowly filling it up , because the hole is so small . If you 're filling it up with bug killer , your eyes and nose will be killing you by the time it 's close to filled up . HORRIBLE design ! Do NOT buy this !!!
 The valve was working ok for a year , and this week a crack happened in the written part of the connection PVC pipe and sent water everywhere . I have it installed to control the water of the jacuzzi in an apartment building , and my neighbors got their apartment flooded big time . I 'm still working on the damage cost , but I already have over $ 5000 in bill to pay because of the damage . Next time I will buy a honeywell metal valve .
 Check them before you install them . I bought 5 of these for my sprinkler project . 3 had cracked solenoids -LRB- at the base of the solenoid on the threads -RRB- and one had a bad valve . I do n't know if I just got a bad lot but 1 out of 5 is ridiculous .
 The heads on these `` adjustable '' sprinklers can not be adjusted . The metal screw that controls the spray distance is extremely difficult to access . For some reason , rain bird decided to encase the tiny screw in a plastic cylinder , making it impossible to access with a normal-size flathead screwdriver . The older non-adjustable rain bird sprinkler heads do n't have this limiting feature . So , the solution is simply to use a smaller screwdriver . Wrong ! Once you are able to get to the screw , the groove in the head is so shallow and the screw is way too tight that you will end up stripping it . It simply can not be turned . Older rain bird non-adjustable heads have screws with deeper grooves and can actually be rotated.You may need to rotate the stem a little bit to change the spray direction . This is difficult to do with bare hands as the stem is hard to turn without also turning the entire sprinkler assembly . This is because the stem is held in place pretty tightly . If you are not careful , you can unscrew and loosen the sprinkler assembly.The easiest thing with these sprinkler heads is adjusting the spray angle . You simply twist the threaded collar . This is pointless if you ca n't adjust the spray distance . I had the spray angle where I wanted it , but the spray distance was so far that I was also watering my front door.Long story short , the 1800 series adjustable sprinkler heads are completely unusable . Rain Bird needs to recall them and redesign them . These should be taken off store shelves immediately .
 Purchased identical product at local Home Depot for $ 3.69 after I 'd already installed this one . Very surprised since I 'd always assumed Amazon was the best value available .
 The heads on these `` adjustable '' sprinklers can not be adjusted . The metal screw that controls the spray distance is extremely difficult to access . For some reason , rain bird decided to encase the tiny screw in a plastic cylinder , making it impossible to access with a normal-size flathead screwdriver . The older non-adjustable rain bird sprinkler heads do n't have this limiting feature . So , the solution is simply to use a smaller screwdriver . Wrong ! Once you are able to get to the screw , the groove in the head is so shallow and the screw is way too tight that you will end up stripping it . It simply can not be turned . Older rain bird non-adjustable heads have screws with deeper grooves and can actually be rotated.You may need to rotate the stem a little bit to change the spray direction . This is difficult to do with bare hands as the stem is hard to turn without also turning the entire sprinkler assembly . This is because the stem is held in place pretty tightly . If you are not careful , you can unscrew and loosen the sprinkler assembly.The easiest thing with these sprinkler heads is adjusting the spray angle . You simply twist the threaded collar . This is pointless if you ca n't adjust the spray distance . I had the spray angle where I wanted it , but the spray distance was so far that I was also watering my front door.Long story short , the 1800 series adjustable sprinkler heads are completely unusable . Rain Bird needs to recall them and redesign them . These should be taken off store shelves immediately .
 Purchased identical product at local Home Depot for $ 3.69 after I 'd already installed this one . Very surprised since I 'd always assumed Amazon was the best value available .
 This sprayer has a very drippy nozzle . Forget using this to spray pesticide inside your house . Each time you stop spraying , it leaves a small puddle on the floor . I decided to go for the absolute best sprayer for pesticide . The B&G Sprayer . It 's the Rolls Royce of sprayers . No drip and extremely fine and precise nozzle spray .
 I was very happy with this sturdy sprayer . . until it started to lose pressure from the plunger/handle . No matter how hard I -LRB- or my husband -RRB- tighten it down , there is a small hissing sound and the pressure drops rapidly . I made sure that the treads had n't been stripped and then signed on to Amazon to request a return/refund . . but of course the time window for that had closed . I bought a very expensive piece of bright blue steel ... buyer beware .
 There is absolutely no way you can use this thing out of the box . It is just stupidly dull . Think butter knife dull.It may work after sharpening , but that could take a while because this thing is serrated .
 It works , but requires far more effort than it should because the blade is really dull . I should have paid more attention to the low-rated reviews .
 Grass whip has good length , good handle , and overall it 's built to last . However , the serrated edges themselves are not sharp , so how am I supposed to cut grass ? Of course they can be sharpened , but they should have already been sharpened .
 Not sure what they were thinking but the cutting edge was painted heavily & the odd size of the package would have cost me more to return it than throw it out . So , I wasted money & time .
 The grass whip did as advertised but it is too dull to cut through many weeds . I would probably buy this again , but without as many expectations .
 This whip is terrible . It has NO edge at all . A butter knife has a sharper edge . In fact a butter knife would work better . Save your money .
 There is no sharpened edge on this . Great for an upper body workout , but wo n't substitute for a good goat !
 The product is completely useless for me . I would return it , but it would cost me TIME to put this thing back in a box to get a small refund . The blade is not really a blade , it has a stunted edge that has a huge layer of paint on it . I think I will try sharpening it as other customers had suggested in other reviews , so if it works afterwards , I 'll provide an update , this requires too much effort investment to cut off a few weeds .
 I had medical issues that kept me out of my garden for nearly three weeks . Needless to say the grass and weeds got way out of control . Since I 've been trying to be green , I decided to order a grass whip instead of a string trimmer . What a disappointment . It was so dull ! It did n't cut anything . No matter how hard I swung the darn thing , all it did was flatten the grass and weeds . Oh well , all was not lost . Once the the grass was laying flat between the rows of vegetables ; I found it pretty easy to cut and rake the weeds with my garden shears and ho .
 This grass whacker does n't whack . Well , maybe very small , dainty pieces of grass . Does n't work on tough tall grass and weeds . You-tube has videos of people using this weed whacker . They must have stopped the camera and sharpened it every few seconds . Mine was VERY sharp and all it works on is low-lying , flower-like weeds with tender stems .
 As a kid I used a grass whip on my parent 's property . It was great ! This whip is made in China . Is too short . Did not have blade sharpened ; I had to sharpen it . It does the basic work but not like those of my youth . In California they do n't sell this type of tool at home improvement stores ; only a clunky , heavy facsimile . No good . Was happy that I found it on Amazon . But next time I 'll buy the Bully Tools grass whip made in USA -LRB- Bully # 92399 -RRB- and have a better tool . I should have researched first .
 The Seymour WE-30 Grass Whip performs poorly . You flail away at a patch of long grass , and at the most you 'll tear out a few tufts . The grass is torn by the force of the blow , not cut cleanly , which is unhealthy for the grass . The only purpose for this tool I can see is to roughly trim certain kinds of tall , soft weeds .
 This device is so blunt it is almost impossible to cut grass and weeds with it . I remember having one like this many years ago and it was great for whacking grass and weeds . This blade of this one has been dipped or sprayed with paint , probably to prevent rust , but this makes the edges blunt instead of sharp . There seems to be no way to sharpen the blade as it is corrugated .
 This is the first time in my life I 've returned something I purchased from Amazon . Based on the description , I thought I was buying a swing blade I could use to cut tall grass . What I got was cheap , flimsy and feels like a child 's toy . I ` ts about half the size of a regular swing blade , but you ca n't tell that from the photo . Even worse , the blade is a dull , thick edge with slight indentations where it should be serrated . This would n't cut anything , and there 's no way to sharpen it . -LRB- Maybe it should be a child 's toy -RRB- . This product is so disappointing it should not be listed on Amazon .
 I bought the weed whip because I thought it was the longest , but the length given turned out to have been measured down the handle and back to the heel of the blade , then out to the tip
 I was impressed with the review on how a well was dug with this tool . Based on that review I purchased one through Amazon.I know that it is not a backhoe and did not expect it to dig through roots and stones and it did not disappoint me one bit on this point . Even the smallest roots and stones were too formidable for it to dislodge.I planned to use it to dig 12-18 inch deep holes for a large number of plants for our landscape . Seemed much better than a post-hole digger , but I came to realize that it was n't . Do n't know how the well diggers got the soil back to the surface from so far down , but with the powdery soil I have here , I could not extract soil from a 12 inch hole . I tilted the tool to the long sides in an effort to remove the soil , but it just ran out the openings in the sides.Had to resort to using a narrow , long blade spade to cut the roots , move stones , and remove soil . Can do this without an auger.Based on this experience , I really do n't need this very expensive auger when I have to use the garden spade I already owned as a backup .
 Bought 3 a year or so ago , ordered 3 more and found they were re-designed and perform horribly . Spray changes over a short time with pure water and degrade rapidly . Do not buy .
 I was not satisfied with this product . After putting solution in it , closed the cap and used , I tried to twist it off to use again and the handle snapped off , the pressure was not strong at all . I believe the handle should be reinforced with thicker or better material .
 DOES NOT WORK . ALL THE PUMPING WILL NOT GET THIS SPRAYER TO SPRAY AN ONCE OF PRODUCT . THIS IS CRAP
 Someone else mentioned that the holes are too big - water literally pours out of many spots on the hose . This creates flooding instead of soaking . Had to return it for refund . Either I received a defective product , or this hose is poorly constructed . Beware !
 Some people reported that `` water literally pours out of many spots on the hose . This creates flooding instead of soaking '' . I totally agree . It happened to mine too . First time I turned on the water , I saw at least 4 , 5 holes that water shot out as far as 3-4 feets . Over a week , I saw more and more holes !!! This really a piece of junks . Some one may think that because my water source may has too much pressure ! No , I have a water pressure gauge that reads only 42 PSI which is low to nornal pressure . Comparing to the hose I bought at Walmart for only ~ $ 8 , the Walmart 's one is much better!Be aware ! Do n't buy this hose .
 We have several soaker hoses and this one has inordinately large holes in it whereby it looks like a fountain when you are using it rather than a gradually dripping soaker hose .
 Although the Amazon website says that this product is 5/8 inch diameter , it is actually 1/2 inch . The packaging for the product does n't even give a diameter . Perhaps that is why it can not be sold in California where they have strict labeling laws . I really needed a new soaker hose and my local home supply stores were all out of 5/8 inch hose , so I just kept the product .
 While this is 5/8 '' wide , and is a soaker hose , it is flat rather than round , and less than 1/2 '' high . The seller did immediately refund the purchase price when informed of my dissatisfaction with the product .
 The manufacturer claims elsewhere -LRB- not on Amazon.com -RRB- that this product allows the user to reach targets up to 45 feet , which is totally untrue . Actual effective range is 20 to 25 feet at most . In addition , it leaks slightly from the pump handle during operation .
 I tried this product and discovered that it did n't quite work as advertized or nearly as well as I had hoped . It sure did seem like a reasonable idea when I saw it , but it just did n't get the job done ! I ultimately had to created my own method of blade balancing that fortunately did work ! Sorry for the less then stellar review , but that was my own personal experience .
 Nasturtiums are one of those plants recommended for kids . Well , in the case of Moonlight Climbing Nasturtiums from Renee 's Garden , I guess the kids should be growing it . I bought my seeds not off amazon.com but from the shop at Wave Hill in the Bronx -LRB- NY -RRB- . Do you find 8 % germination acceptable ? I do n't ! Especially when a packet costing $ 2.50 contains only about 30 seeds.This plant may be easy to grow , but first you have to get the seed to germinate ! -LRB- Do n't tell me about soaking or cold treatments ; I know . Do n't tell me about chemicals ; if I have to use them to germinate a seed , I 'm no longer gardening out of a packet but have entered the realm of scary science -RRB- . A seed sold in a packet to ordinary gardeners ought to germinate . My packet of about 30 seeds has germinated 2 . I wo n't be able to `` gracefully disguise -LSB- a -RSB- neglected area '' -LRB- as per the seed packet -RRB- much bigger than the space under my mailbox.Maybe kid 's seeds are best grown by kids . Or maybe `` Renee '' needs to improve her quality control .
 I need a tool like this but will not order because
 Glove shown is the TM-Pact T/C Glove . The item description is the M-pact 05-010 glove . Make sure you know which item you desire before purchasing .
 I planted these seeds and never saw a seedling . I prepped the soil and watered the beds to no avail .
 The seeds are a joke one or two sprouted the rest remain to be seen literally . Spend your money and time planting the pansy from the box store and get your monies worth . The time I wasted on these I could have spent planting the plants and had pansy growing everywhere by now ! Boo on these seeds !
 This is a great product for removing dirt but VERY dangerous on tile . My front porch is tile and the mat slides around on it . The mat can go sliding when you step on to it . So , if you have a surface that is smooth , think carefully about this.Dangerous . I moved it to a rougher surfaced back patio and it is fine ...
 The doormat does what it is designed for but do not try to knock out the snow in -0 temperatures , as it will break apart .
 I purchased this with one sensor , but when I hooked it up it seemed to see 2 different sensors , which is a problem the cheesy little manual or website FAQ 's do n't seem to answer . I restarted -LRB- per instructions -RRB- this unit about 10 times and never was able to get the second sensor to not show up.That in itself was n't the end of the world , but when I tried to call Customer Service there was simply a busy signal , so if you are looking for phone support forget it.So I e-mailed a detailed description to the help desk , I explained where precisely the sensors were located -LRB- I moved them 4 times to test better locations and described all that -RRB- , how many times I restarted the unit -LRB- per instructions -RRB- , the batteries I used , and what process I used to reset the unit -LRB- per the instructions -RRB- . I took a week for them to get back to me and all they did was send me a form letter asking questions that I already answered . If that was n't bad enough , they advised a few more `` tips '' to make sure this weather station restart properly , including buying only brand name batteries with an expiration 4 years in the future and pressing one of the stations buttons something like 20 times to make sure the memory `` cleared '' during restart . OH , and make sure the outdoor sensor -LRB- supplied with a `` rain cover '' -RRB- was kept out of the rain . I 'm glad I did n't buy the wind speed monitor cause I would have had a hard time keeping it out of the wind !! When I stopped laughing I sent them an e-mail telling them what I really thought , but of course have gotten nothing in return.So customer service is a joke , I was half tempted to send this junk back but I paid less than $ 70 for it and it seems to sense outside temp and humidity OK and I think I am guessing at which sensor is really mine . If it stops working I 'll just toss it out . I spent hours on it already , and wo n't waste any more time on it.This was a bad purchase , if I ever buy another it wont ' be from these guys , if for no other reason than their non-existant customer service .
 Ames True Temper Pruning Solutions Forged Bypass Pruner # 2343130I 've had one of these tools for many years . We stopped using it long ago , but had forgotten why . To refresh the old memory , I just did a small trimming job , alternating between this tool and a Fiskars Traditional Power-Lever Anvil Pruner # 9110 . Pros : - I agree with the first reviewer -LRB- Peggy -RRB- that these pruners are nicely made and economical . - The Ames also has a replaceable blade , although why this is desirable on a ten buck tool is beyond me , even if you could find a replacement.Cons : - The Ames pruner has a hook to hold the handles together against the spring , which otherwise , pushes the handles apart . The hook feature allows you to store or carry the tool with the jaws closed . Unfortunately , that hook moves so freely , it often swings into the lock position on its own , while pruning . This is maddening , as you have to unhook the darn thing every time that happens . A rubber band or tape wrapped around the hook stops that from happening , but then , you have to remove the band/tape to store or carry it . - In actual use , the Ames pruner takes more effort to cut , then does the Fiskars pruner . The Ames blade is much thicker than the Fiskars , and the Ames is not a compound action device . By contrast , the Fiskars ' compound-action -LRB- power-lever -RRB- design increases cutting leverage , and opens the jaws wide at the rear , allowing branches to be close to the pivot point . -LRB- The blades of both pruners in my test were equally sharp . -RRB- That added effort is n't important for a small job , but otherwise , I would tire quicker using the Ames.Summary : My advice is to buy the excellent Fiskars anvil pruner , which Amazon sells for about the same cost as the Ames model .
 This item advertised is clearly questionable . The label on it states to use a sharp spade for cutting and then use the sod lifter . The review that states , to just jab it in the sod is also questionable unless your a huge man because one needs to step on it like a shovel . Want to really cut the sod get a Hook N Crook tool -- it slices under the sod and really works as advertised . Then use your expensive sod lifter , which at this point all you really need to do is pull is up with your hands.Buyer beware , do n't fall for the cutting part , there is not a sharp edge on this item . If it were true , why does it state to use a spade to cut ?????
 My pruning grass shears did not look new when they came . They had srcatches on the blades . I was not happy to see that . Maybe they would have sent me a replacement , but I was tired to ask and have to ship them back .
 These shears would not cut through thick grass . We tightened the blades and it helped somewhat , but still did not cut like my old shears . The handles are very soft and padded . The lenghth of the blade is good , but found that I could not get really close to the stone border I was clipping around . I would not purchase these shears again .
 I only had these for 3 months and they are completely rusted . I can not use and waited too long to return , I do n't advise purchasing these .
 Worst product I have gotten in long time . Would rate it as no star if I could . Simply did not catch a single fly or bug of any sort . Went to the hardware store and bought the old-fashioned spiral fly paper which was very effective . Had an unuasual influx of flys in the house this fall and needed to do something .
 I had an infestation of fruitflies , they were literally everywhere flying around me in my kitchen , so I bought this product hoping to at least get rid of a few . But after 2 weeks , only 1 fly had stuck ... I was going around with a notepad and squishing the buggers myself with a success rate of 2-3 a day so clearly this product was useless ! I even dabbed to red wine and banana to the top of the column after 1 week because they were really attracted to any red wine I had in a glass ... but still it did nothing to get them stuck . And then I actually saw a second fly land on it once , and I watched as it flapped it 's wings frantically and within 30 secs it had unstuck itself !!!! This product was a total waste of money !
 If I could rate this fly trap lower than one star , I would . I think flies have come from miles away just to come in and laugh at this thing . I 'd have more success taking the flies into a vat of scalding water than getting a fly to randomly run into this box of ridiculousness.WASTE OF $ $ !
 bought this awhile ago , decided to review it now . this thing sucks . there has been flies caught on this , but took over a year to get maybe , 10 or so tiny microscopic flies . no regular flies that you can see with your eyes . i still have it up , only cause it catches flies a few times a year . maybe i should let those little things fly around , or i could get a real fly trap , that actually works . : -RRB-
 Used this fly sticky tape trap in the garage where we had a knat fly problem . We also had some fruit fly type bugs flying around also . Our neghbor has a big fig tree that is n't pruned of taken care of and all the figs stay on the tree and rot till they dry . Smells really bad and attracts the flys that go into our garage because of its proximity to our garage . We put these up and only caught about 3 to four on each one . We had better results with the sticky traps that unravel . These caught much more knats .
 Okay so I have a little garden in my back yard that attracts a lot of flies and I have been looking for a way to combat them once they are in the house . I was n't sure if they still made Fly Paper but when I saw this after searching in the great Amazon I was excited . From the moment I opened the box I was dismayed and I seriously can not decide if this is a joke or not . The packaging says the box has stunning 3-d images to draw in the flies , these images are perhaps the funniest drawing 's I have ever seen being called 3-d ... this product has not caught a single fly they simply ignore it and fly everywhere but at the stunningly realistic 3-d images anyone got a better idea?DO NOT BUY THIS UNLESS PLAYING A joke on someone
 This is nothing more than a cardboard box with a little dry adhesive on the outside . It does nothing to attract flies and the adhesive is not gluey enough to trap them if they do happen to land on it . Save your money .
 I 'm fairly certain that once caught , the flies are supposed stay stuck . Not so much with this trap . It 's become part of our daily routine to compare how many flies there are on it in morning with how few are left in the afternoon . About 50 % of them escape from it .
 This product does not work at all . I hang it in the kitchen for 5 days but no fly has been attracted!It does n't worth the time and money to return it . But please , buyer beware , I strongly suggest you go find some other item .
 Bought at my local Hardware Store . I was having a terrible fly problem , and it only trapped one -LRB- 1 -RRB- fly -LRB- it 's been over a year now , still hanging , still just the same one fly.DON ' T BUY THIS PRODUCT !
 For something that was supposed to attract them , The flys could n't have cared less . In about a months time it caught maybe 10 flies which sure were only a miniscule fraction of those in the kitchen ! Was a waste of money .
 Well , I purchased 3 as they were inexpensive and I figured for the shipping , I might as well . I have two up in to different areas of my small apartment and after 24 hours , nothing . I 've managed to kill some flies but that was only by me swatting at them .
 Even the cheap ` ribbon ' traps have caught many dozens of flies in the few days I 've had them , and the liquid bait traps -LRB- Rescue , and Victor 's Fly Magnet -RRB- have caught hundreds in a few days , but this thing remains empty -LRB- the best seems to be the Rescue trap , I call `` the stinker '' , because it reeks , but it works -RRB- . This trap is in the same space as the other traps , and there are hundreds of flies out there . Just does not work . While it is an `` indoor '' trap , the directions say that it can be used outdoors if protected by weather , which it is .
 In the time I spent waiting for my order of these fly traps to arrive , I went out and bought regular fly ribbon for the bad fly problem -LRB- not sure what kind of flies - slightly bigger than fruit flies -RRB- I was having . In the at least week that I 've had one of these fly traps up , I 've caught zero flies with this fly trap and have caught probably over 100 flies with the regular fly ribbon . At one point , I even saw a fly on this fly trap and thought it was caught , but now it 's gone . I even have pictures to prove it .
 I ordered two of these and placed one in the narrow laundry room just inside the back door where all the flies come into the house -LRB- I leave the back door open for my two dogs to go in and out of the house when I 'm home . -RRB- and put another one in the kitchen where the flies hang out while I 'm cooking . Apparently Colorado flies are far too smart to get close to these things . I have not caught ONE . The only way these ` traps ' are going to eliminate flies in my house is if the flies die laughing .
 The picture shown is not the item you get . The one you get is made out of thick white paper/thin cardboard with pictures of flies and 3D pink boxes on it -LRB- under the sticky stuff -RRB- . It catches fruit flies and gnats just fine , but anything larger can get out and the flies are n't even interested . Do n't waste your money .
 After two weeks , I decided to check on the fly trap . I expected to find at least 100 dead flies.But what I found was a single dead fly , I guess It died a lonely death.My backyard is infested with literally thousands of flies , but somehow all the flies magically flew around this fly trap.Spending $ 6.08 is too much just to kill a single fly . I could have saved money by killing one manually with a fly swatter .
 They should call it the NO FLY TRAP . I put where I had alot of flies and it did not work .
 After a week of hanging up right in the middle of the swarm of flies on my basement , it has n't caught a single fly . The flies are constantly flying all around both of these that I hung , and I 'd be flabbergasted if some were n't bumping into it even just by random accident , but not a single one has stuck to it . Do n't buy these !
 What a horrible product . First of all the item does not work . I have had it up for a week with lots of flies around it and they simply avoid it . Infact the will sit on the window next to it but never go to it . Also it does no look like the one pictured You get the idea that there are small boxes for the flies to enter . Not so . Mine came with black and pink srips running from the top to the bottom . WASTE OF MONEY
 Flies buzz around this thing like its not even there . So many flies around , I 'd think by luck a fly would have at least bounced off it and stuck by pure luck . Not a single fly caught , still flies annoyingly buzzing around the area . . Did NOT catch a single fruit fly , house fly , horse fly , mosquito or even a hungry spider or ant . Its a cardboard box worth about a nickel sprayed with some sticky stuff and this company is just laughing to the bank with our $ 7 . -- Chicago , Illinois
 Let 's put in this way . Flies stay on these traps and left . It looks like a safe island to flies .
 Please do not waste your money . This Fly trap is absolutely useless . I bought two of this product for the kitchen , we always BBQ and go in and out by the Pool and fly 's get in the House . We have started to make jokes about his product not ONE Fly so far has gone on both of them since i hang it up 2 weeks ago :-RRB- Terrible Product !
 Placed around the house for several days , setup a fly attracting trap in vicinity . literally watched the flies avoid this trap . after 2 days I was excited to see one lil ` bugger land on the surface , only to be disappointed when I approached to examine and he flew away ! the paper is tacky when the pressure of a human finger is applied , but for most small flies it is hardly a trap .
 The only thing this item trapped was a few fruit flies . It did n't work at all as a fly trap . I would n't recommend it .
 We have so many flies in the house . Have had this product for 3 weeks and it has only stuck 1 fly thus far .
 I wish I 'd read the reviews before making this purchase . It 's basically a cardsotck box that is sticky all over the OUTSIDE . Those pink-ish things that look like entrances `` into '' the trap ? They 're just pictures . There * is no * inside of the trap . All the flies will be stuck to the OUTSIDE . It 's basically fly paper , just horribly , horribly HORRIBLY overpriced.Do yourself a favor and just get fly paper or fly strips . Same yuck factor , but much cheaper .
 With hundreds of common house flies all about for 24 hours and not a single one caught I resorted to a fly swatter and killed 50 or so in 1-2 hours with my old fly swatter . This fly trap appears useless .
 After a summer grill party where the door was kept open all day / food was out on the countertops , we developed a horrible fly infestation in our home . My husband bought this trap and it did not work , not one fly was caught . I ended up putting a tiny smear of honey on one side and that actually worked , the next day I counted over 30 flies on the thing . But by itself , it does nothing to ` attract ' flies .
 I do n't know how this product performs with big flies but it sucks with fruit flies .
 Ineffective and worthless . I bought this product for indoors and two other outdoor fly traps . The outdoor traps worked immediately and I have noticed less flies in my home from my backdoor over the past week . However , this indoor trap has caught zero flies yet over one week , while the outdoor traps have caught a combined 75-100 . I get excited looking at the trap thinking a fly was caught , but then realize that is the picture of a fly instead :--LRB- . Do n't waste your money on this product .
 I put this fly trap in the kitchen and did n't catch a single fly . We only have flies in late August and September when the temperature warms . So we do n't have window screens . The flies were especially bad this year , so I tried the Victor fly trap because I like their rat and mouse traps and did n't want to spray in the kitchen.Save your money and DO N'T BUY THIS PRODUCT . I caught many flies with a little milk in the bottom of a small water bottle . They flew in and drowned themselves . I do n't think California flies are smarter than any others so the trap just does n't work .
 It never caught even one fly . We got it for inside and left it out for a week . The flies were not interested . It 's Useless !
 We had a problem with a lot of fruit flies in our kitchen . I picked up one of these to take care of business despite spotty reviews . Oops.We had it up for several days and I saw one fly land on it the entire time . The best part of this tragic story is that when I picked up the trap to investigate the one trapped fly ... I ' l be darned if that fly did n't pick up his feet and take off . That 's right , the fly flew away after landing on this . None of the other flies in the area even bothered.They should call this the `` sucker '' trap . The sucker in this case would be me . Save your money and invest in quicker hand reflexes .
 was n't worth even the money spent . poorly made item and did n't really work on catching flies . was wasted effort in even buying .
 I had an infestation in my house ! Every day at noon flies in the hundreds enetered through the kitchen window and a black cloud of buzz-buzz hovered over my sink . I obviously kept the windows shut , but a handful of flies still managed to get in . I put up this trap , and not even ONE fly got caught in it ... Very disappointing : -LRB-
 I got this as a gift and after installation the wind sensor did not work . I opened the sensor unit and found the magnetic sensor broken in two . I called the customer support line -LRB- 5 -RRB- Five times and left a message . NO REPLY ! I tried e-mailing the `` support '' in box - NO REPLY ! ZERO customer service - NIL - ZIP - Anyone want a defective weather station . I would avoid La Crosse Technology products at all cost .
 First remote failed 3 weeks after installation . Bought a complete second station expecting to use them in the family room and our bedroom . Worked great for another 11 months . Then the second remote died . Now we have 2 dead remotes . No response from customer service after 2 emails . Stay away from this company . Poor quality and no support .
 Our rain gauge and wind meter almost never worked . After fiddling with them for years , I finally gave up . They would work for a few minutes then stop , or a few hours , or days . It makes no sense whatsoever . Next time I will buy a wireless indoor/outdoor temperature & humidity unit for a lot less money . As countless others have said , this is disposable high priced techno-garbage with miserable technical support who lie and blame me for their defective junk .
 I had great hopes for this product when I ordered it , but , after a little more than 1 month of use my unit is consistently + / - 6 to 10 degrees from actual temperature -LRB- figured by cross-checking with other temp sensors in the yard -RRB- that is just not accurate enough in my opinion . In addition to the temperature question , the indoor unit `` loses '' the signal from the outdoor unit at unpredictable and varying times even with fresh batteries and for no apparent reason . This causes the entire `` outside '' measurements to `` blank out '' for several hours at a time . The readings always seem to come back eventually , but all in all , for anyone who is more than just casually interested in weather observation , this system is too undependable to be relied upon .
 Unfortunately I could n't even get to try my La Crosse Technology Weather Direct weather station because the necessary download to my computer just would n't take -LRB- tried five times -RRB- . Registration was constantly rejected . Not surprisingly the so called `` help '' section was useless . FAQs were useless and there was no `` Contact Us '' feature on their web site or 800 number to call . Into the trash with this useless piece of junk .
 I live in FL . Everything is perfect with the unit except the wind meter . The wind meter only works in slow breezes . Otherwise it tops out at about 20mph . This when the wind gusts are around 40mph . It says it 's rated for much higher but tis not the case.The reason ? The bracket that holds the wind sensor is plastic and starts to vibrate at around 8mph and up . The loud vibration effectively acts like a brake on the sensor so it never gets past 20mph . It was very frustrating to not get accurate readings especially when the hurricanes were passing by . If the bracket was made of aluminum instead , it probably would work just fine.I returned one unit only to have the same problem with another . I e-mailed LaCrosse and rather then admit they are selling a defective product , they told me I need to mount it higher . Since they chose to lie to me instead of admiting the defect , they only get 2 stars.My solution
 Whatever you do , do n't buy a La Crosse Technology WS9035U Weather Station - even if it 's free . The so-called weather station typically displays both the indoor and outdoor humidity at ten to twenty humidity percentage points higher than the actual humidity . Obviously , this makes dew point calculations made and displayed by the indoor unit total trash . To be fair , the WS9035U does accurately display time , date , and the moon phases -LRB- a must-have feature for all werewolves -RRB- . I live directly in between 2 official U.S. weather reporting stations -LRB- Luke AFB and the Goodyear Airport are each 4 miles away -RRB- . Both the WS9035U 's outdoor unit as well as the indoor unit -LRB- temporally placed outside next to the outdoor unit -RRB- will consistently show humidity at a minimum of 10 percentage points and as much as 24 percentage points higher than what the two official weather stations are reporting ! A e-mail from La Crosse tech support says that 's within limits . -LRB- On the other hand , when both U.S. official weather stations are reporting 100 % humidity -LRB- very dense fog -RRB- , the WS9035U displays only 80 % - go figure . -RRB- And the unit is ridiculously flimsy - the anemometer and its support can both be easily broken during installation . And what if you need only 2 feet of RS232 cable -LRB- instead of the supplied 50 ft. -RRB- from the anemometer to the outdoor transmitter ? La Crosse Tech Support says that if you reduce the cable length down and put a new plug on the cable -LRB- which is quite easy -RRB- , you have broken the warranty . Doom on you.I bought the WS9035U at a good price from Amazon and would have returned it except it took several weeks of charting data to prove that the unit does not accurately report humidity plus another week waiting for the really stupid reply from La Crosse tech support . All this put me outside the allowable 30-day window for returns . Plus , I cracked the base of the anemometer support arm when I attempted to install it . Doom on me.It 'd be nice if Amazon would change their return policy to allow a 60-day return on all La Crosse Technology products . I 'd be first in line .
 La Crosse WS-9035U -- Our wind station didn ; t work so we called what is laughingly called Customer Service and it took them 6 hours to get back to us . Rose said , `` Of course not , you have to mount it 10 ft. above your roof . '' I said garbage . The wind sensor looks like it came out of a Cracker Jack box . We often get winds up to 75 mph here . And the weather predictor was reading sunny days are here again and it was raining , thundering and blowing outside . Rose told us it predicts the weather 6 hours ahead of time -- by which time it will be dark . Rose also told us that we could n't use a second station with this although the specs indicate we should be able to . Rose insisted on repeating that LaCrosse was n't responsible for the write up since I bought it from Amazon . Of course , the folks at Amazon -LRB- 800-201-7575 -RRB- told me I could n't return it for a refund because my 30 days were up . I told him that when I got it we had 6 ft. of snow outside the door and if Amazon sells someone skis in June , you probably ca n't try them out and see that they have a steel wool finish until December . Amazon is now kindly taking back this garbage but do you know how much time it took my husband and myself to read and understand the directions and then set it up ?
 I bought this weather station mainly for the wind meter . I watched the price go down to fifty dollars and knew this was a great deal . However , the wind speed always showed 0.0 on my display . I tried everything suggested at the Lacrosse website and by their customer service . The customer service people were limited in technical proficiency and were slow to respond to calls . Everything else works fine . However , my experienc seems to be the exception to the rule . I spent a lot of time trying to make the wind meter work . Mine is just a cautionary story .
 I thought this product would be much better than it is . Received it as a gift . The only way to change a variable in it is to try to follow the very poor instructions provided . No variable can be changed individually . You must start at the beginning and change all variables to get to the one you want to change . I sent a request to this company 's product support unit from its website asking for better , more specific instructions because at first I did not believe anyone would design a unit so poorly . Its been one week and still no response from them . I thought I 'd call them instead , but their telephone number is not a toll free call - obviously they do not want to hear from their customers . BUYERS BEWARE !!!!!
 We had a remote thermometer . Some of us live far enough North that the temp drops to -20 deg . . This thermometer stops reading at that temp . When I ask what could be done they said we were on our own . do n't bother with them there not worth it .
 I am on my second unit which has been back to the factory , at my expense twice for repair and it still does not syncronize with WWV . Tech support is worthless . No on knows anything about the equipment . AVOID LACOSSE stuff at all cost .
 I was waiting for a decent Santa Ana wind to review , which we had last week . We had 60-70 mph gusts , but this unit only measured 33 MPH at its maximum . Very disappointing . I also wish it recorded historical wind gusts , but it does not.I think the forecaster is a bit more accurate than most , this is a plus . I hope they come up with a fix for the wind speed .
 The thing will not keep time . The instructions are at the least difficult to understand and probally not correct . I am getting ready to return the item
 Received a WS 9035 as a gift . Mounted it two days ago . Easy to understand assembly . Everything seemed fine . Wind gauage appeared to be cheap construction . Last night the wind meter became intermittent . -LRB- we had gusts to 25 mph -RRB- . Today stopped working entirely . Pretty disappointed
 Had to return this item because it did not give the outdoor readings after only a few days . The wind gauge would be spinning mightily in a 20 knot wind , and would show a six mph reading .
 I 've owned this station for about two years ; it was received as a gift . Overall I was fairly pleased , the wireless range was good and it seemed fairly accurate . Two days ago the sending unit quit sending and all remote information is now blank . I changed the batteries on both the remote and main unit , reseated the cables , all for nothing . So , the unit is broken and basically worthless.It appears that the WS-9035U is yet another example of 21st century disposable technology . Would like to buy another wireless weather station as I enjoy knowing the current weather conditions , but now I need to research for awhile . No more La Crosse Technology products for me .
 I have to agree with the other 1 star review . I would give this zero stars if I could . These things are difficult to use and break easily . Never buy one and do n't buy a gas can that comes with one .
 Came with a gasket loose in the bag . No directions on how to properly install it so installed it the three possible ways . Leaked every time . Do n't waste your time !
 Maybe I 'm just a moron and ca n't figure it out , but my hands are covered with gas every time I use it . You have to hold the spout in with your hand to begin the process . To start pouring your hand has to remain in place to keep it from self-sealing . Then you can move your hand out of the way , but it 's too late . Gas leaks on your hand as you tip it.I went back to where I purchased it and the saleman said that the same thing happens to him . What I do now is to pour gas straight from the can without the spout . It still spills , but at least it 's not on my hands.I wish they had a zero star rating . This product would surely deserve it .
 What a piece of junk ! NEVER BUY ONE OF THESE ANYWHERE !!! You 'll end up with more gas on your hands than in the tank messing with the frustrating locking spout .
 For some reason I do n't know , the product claim Wirless 433 Mhz Radio controlled on its instruction manual cover , and it 's by `` the weather channel '' , make you wondering if there is some fuction related to radio . No , it is not , it is just a thermometer and humidimeter .
 At first I had thought this meter was not accurate . But then you must give it at least an hour to acclimate and then it gives much more accurate readings.This is not a bad temperature and humidity meter for the money I wish it did not take so long to get accurate readings .
 The plastic that attaches the handle to the `` vacuum head '' snapped on the second use . It is difficult to use with the garden hose attached to the vacuum head . With one hand you do the vacuuming and the other hand must hold the hose . The whole thing is awkward to use . I should have spent the additonal money to buy a better product
 The clock worked fine for three months , then set all the hands to 12 , and quit , never to run again .
 It seemed like a great idea
 The photo on Amazon is n't representative of the product I received . The frame is white , or an extremely light silver . I also bought a LaCrosse Technology WT-3122A 12-Inch Wood Atomic Analog Clock , which did n't match it 's photo either , but at least I like it .
 I bought a dozen of them and gave them to all my friends for a purpose . Almost all the clocks stopped working when the time was changed in the first week of March . I did all I could do .
 First of all , lately iv made it a point to try and buy items / products that are made in the USA , , so when searching for a new clock for my office , i looked locally , all the usual places , -LRB- retail stores etc -RRB- , no luck not even close so then i decided to use the trusty -LRB- so i thought -RRB- internet , , in search of , , -LRB- CLOCKS MADE IN THE USA -RRB- i was directed to the amazon site , , and this lacross clock was listed ! it seemed to fit what i was looking for , , so being proud of myself for taking the time and putting in the extra effort to accompolish this , , i waited for the clock to arrive , , WELL !!!! MUCH TO MY DISMAY !!! IT ARRIVED , ONLY TO BE MADE IN CHINA !!!!!!! I FEEL AMAZON MAY HAVE MISREPRESENTED THIS PRODUCT , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
 We have a Model 2315 weather station from Lacrosse Technologies that worked for us for a couple of days , and then stopped working . We tried calling their help line , beginning 1/20/06 , and it 's true they tried to call us back 1/24/06 , but I was unable to take the call at that moment . I called back a couple of times that same day and have yet to hear back from them . Pretty pitiful service ! I tell anyone who 's interested not to buy anything from Lacrosse Technologies.One reason I 'm so irate is that their help line seems to be designed to infuriate their customers . In the early stages of a call , the caller is given the option of leaving a message or waiting for the next available service person . Then , after investing maybe ten minutes of one 's valuable time waiting , it cuts you off and forces you to leave a message -LRB- which might be answered a couple of days later , but likely not -RRB- .
 I purchased this as a present . Less than a month later , I went to wrap it , and found that most of the face of the clock had come unglued from its backing . There seems to be a quality control problem at the LaCrosse factory . I contacted the LaCrosse customer service satff about the problem and they wanted me to pay for shipping for warranty repair even though it was new . Fortunately I bought it through Amazon and they were responsive enough to pay for its return . Do n't think I 'll ask for a replacement .
 The face is made of paper and is poorly glued on causing ripples and warping.Although under normal cirumstances it receives a signal and adjusts to the signal properly , IT DOES NOT ADJUST FOR DST , thus making the clock virtually useless now . If you live in other time zones other then EST , you could at least choose a different time zone to compensate ; if you live in the EST time zone you are SOL . Other than the DST issue clock has been very accurate.Update
 I bought 3 of these clocks 3 months ago , and 2 of the 3 do not work at all . As I 'm looking at one of the clocks right now , it is one hour behind . Last night , it was 20 minutes behind . Another clock just started this morning going around and around non-stop , making this clicking sound . These problems started about 2 months ago , and I thought it was temporary , because of the daylights savings time change , but the problems continued . I 've tried changing the batteries and have also reset it several times . Nothing helps . I really wanted them to work because they look great , but I 'm afraid I 'm gon na have to give up and get some other clocks . Do n't buy it .
 When I purchased this clock , the directions made a specific point that , really , all you need to do is put a battery into the clock and it will begin working over the next 24 hours . It did begin working , but when faced with daylight savings time -LRB- east coast -RRB- , it would keep the regular eastern standard time . -LRB- so for 6 months + out of the year , the time is wrong !! -RRB- What 's with that ?? A clock that can not give me the correct time is worthless !
 CHEAP ! Paper backing warped in the humid weather . Clock did not set correctly . I sent it back for a refund .
 I bought this in 11/2006 . It automatically adjusted and kept precise time out of the box . That is until DST this year . It is 1 hour behind and will not adjust . They 've issued some `` emergency '' instructions on their website that try to fix the issue but they do n't work . Also , they say wait 5 days before contacting them if the clock does n't adjust right away . 5 days to update ? I have an atomic weather station and had no problems with it adjusting automatically to DST . Stay away from this model . It does n't work for DST and most likely never will .
 In my experience the failure rate for Analog La Crosse Atomic Wall Clocks is 100 % between 3 months -24 months . In the past few years I 've purchased several analog La Crosse Atomic Wall Clocks . Each has worked fine at first but then after a relatively short time each has failed to display the correct time . I 've tried new batteries , resetting , changing the time zones and moving the clock to a different location . Often the `` broken '' clock will return to the correct time but fail again within the next day or two . These clocks have been purchased for Glen Ellyn , IL and Jacksonville , IL . They are nice clocks but their working life is too short .
 I love this clock for it blends well with my walls , and it 's been working almost perfect.Now it 's dead ... I mean dead . I replace the battery , reset and wait , and repeat with new battery for 2 weeks , it 's dead .
 Typically , a broken clock is right twice a day , this one is not right even once ! I thought it was just on cloudy days that the atomic clock would not function right , but even on sunny days with clear skies , I can not get the right time . I would not recommend buying this product .
 When I bought this clock , everybody in my house is admiring . Auto Daylight saving , clear finish , precise time etc. . Now everybody is laughing out loud . My clock is an hour late than other clocks . I live in EST. . Do n't know how to reset manually either . Buy this clock at your own risk .
 I bought two of these . They 're great clocks for about two years . They 're accurage , really big , easy to read , and reliable for about two years.They last about two years and after that they start going crazy . One of them is still working and I 'm afraid to touch it . The other unit started having trouble getting the clock signal even though it 's on the second floor of the house . Then its second hand stopped moving but it still kept time . Most recently it failed to reset itself to DST I replaced the battery and the arms just spin in circles forever . I gave it two hours of spinning , and even took it apart to see if I could remedy it , but it 's dead . The reset button and manual set buttons also stopped responding . Another model I gave to someone started doing the same thing.So , they 're great clocks for about two years . Then you will have to buy a new one . For some reason when these fail , they fail without possibility of repair . Get it on sale -LRB- which happens often -RRB- . The regular price for this clock , even for a clock set by WWVB atomic clock radio service , is obscenely and offensively high for only working for two years .
 We live along the pacific central cost about 1000 miles from WWV . We should have no problem getting the signal , but the clock has not worked well.When we got the clock we put a battery in but it never set itself . We contacted the company and were told to use a fresh Alkaline battery , not a rechargeable one . And apparently it needs to be super-fresh -- with an exp date at least 6 years in the future.We got a new battery and put it in and the clock did not set itself for 3 days.Today is the change-over from Daylight Savings Time to Standard Time . The clock did not change over.Tech support for the company is weak . The company did not respond to emails . We called them and left a message on an answer machine . They called back , but a day later.I like having a clock that sets itself by radio , but I think that this clock needs either two batteries or a better antenna . And the company needs better tech support .
 The second hand stopped working after a year -LRB- just after the warranty ran out ! -RRB- . In the first year , the clock worked fine except during the 2 days in the year when the time changed ; on those days , the clock changed back/forth by an hour several times i.e. sometimes during the day it was off by an hour ... weird!Like the look - hence the 2 stars .
 I would have put 5 stars if the Atomic part worked.Since they changed the timing of the daylight savings time this year 2007 , the clock was not able to get the right time . I have to manually adjust it , and can not get it to move past 8 am . Unfortunately , I have to order another one as it belongs in a conference room opposite end from the other one .
 Here 's what you get - a clock that does n't sync to the new day light savings time beginning in 2008 ; non-existent customer service ; and my warranty card was sent back to me stamped `` return to sender - address does not exist . '' and to boot ... you wo n't get your money back . I have purchased about 500 items on Amazon and have been completely satisfied with every purchase - except this one . This clock and this company Suck .
 This seemed like a pretty slick idea , and was a pretty clock . All it needs to do is let us know that our stomachs are n't lying , that it really is near lunch.I set it near our front -LRB- glass -RRB- door and it apparently found a signal as it had changed time by itself and was spot on . So I hung it in our office -LRB- no window -RRB- . Two days latter we had a thunderstorm one night . Apparently that can interfere with the signal . Rather than sit tight and wait for a fresh signal , this thing was off by an odd amount of time , like an hour and 27 min by the next morning.I set it manually , and today it 's off again by about an hour.The instructions to reset which I got from Tech Support were not less than 7 steps long and included a detailed disertation on what type of battery , and what it 's expiration should be.Man , that 's a lot of work just to verify what my stomach knows is true . For $ 25 , and the packaging being gone , this is in the dumpster . I 'll get a regular clock that only keeps time to a couple of minutes a month ... but takes a month to show the error .
 unbelievable , but true . you have to wait 4 or 5 days for this ` atomic ' clock to adjust to daylight savings . during that time , you have to put up with having the wrong time on your clock . Here is their explanation . . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Bad quality and not bad -LRB- or lie -RRB- info . New DST is not working . Does n't matter how many days you are waiting .
 I do n't blame the manufacturer , but U.S. Congress , but still ... The clock has an internal computer chip which would not recognize Daylight Savings Time at the correct date ... . meaning either the beginning or the end of DST . There was going to be such a delay to get a new chip and/or clock that we just returned the clock . Disappointed .
 I had a digital atomic clock from another company , and I bought 2 of these because I like the concept of not having to set the time , and this clock looks very attractive . But unfortunately , it just does n't accept daylight savings time . I put the battery in , I get a good radio signal , the clock sets itself , but always 1 hour slow . So 2 brand new clocks can only be used during Eastern Standard time . I admit they do keep exact time then .
 When I bought this clock , everybody in my house is admiring . Auto Daylight saving , clear finish , precise time etc. . Now everybody is laughing out loud . My clock is an hour late than other clocks . I live in EST. . Do n't know how to reset manually either . Buy this clock at your own risk .
 I purchased this very pretty clock and it worked fine for about a month . After that it stopped running . I called tech support and was told the battery I was using , -LRB- expiration date 2012 -RRB- was too old and I should get batteries that say 2015 . Then the person told me how to program the clock after putting the new battery in . I followed the directions exactly and the clock ran fine for about another 2 days . I returned the clock and got my money back . I went to a local store and bought a similar clock but a different brand .
 This is Not the book you want to buy , if Any of the following apply
 Very poor quality , metal on shank is soft and bends under hard use . Also blade is a cheap stamping . WOULD NOT RECOMMEND !!!
 I expected `` round '' Skookies . That is what the picture showed . Instead I received `` square '' Skookies . I think that the picture should represent what the item is . The square shape will probably work alright ... but I wanted round ones .
 This was a terrible disappointment ! I am too embarrassed to give it to my father in law for Christmas ! First of all , it arrived shipped in it 's original box so the Skookie box was all dented and torn up . Then once I opened it I was OUTRAGED ! The pans are much smaller than I had expected and very cheaply made . The nice , quilted red and black full size mits they had shown were actually tiny , cheapy fleece `` covers '' for the handles about the size of my middle finger ! And do n't even get me started on the brownie mix ! This was supposed to come with a nice , Lehi Roller Mills brownie mix in an attractive fabric bag but instead came with a teeny , tiny clear plastic bag of generic brownie mix ! I feel so ripped off ! Needless to say , this is going back and I will have to buy my father in law a nice Skookie set somewhere else that I will not be embarrassed to give . Good thing I looked inside the box before I gave to him !
 I must admit that this is the only time I can say I am disappointed with Amazon . I ordered this item for Christmas , it is now the 24th and has not yet arrived despite being told it was shipped awhile ago . It looks like a great product , my 18 year old son wanted it . Something fun for when friends are over . Hope it arrives some day so we can see
 Bought this clock because it was going to be placed in a very high location which I hoped to only need to visit once a year to replace a battery . No such luck . First of all , this clock has a microchip in it that sets it by time zone and is 100 % NOT atomic . I know this because on those rare occasions when it did have the ability to have the time even remotely correlate to the real world time , it would change to daylight savings time before my atomic clocks would . The clock is essentially garbage after less than one year of ownership . It does not keep the correct time , it is not atomic and it makes a loud noise as it attempts to reset itself pretty much every hour . I suggest that La Crossee keep on making tweezers and stay away from clocks . One of the worst purchases I ever made . It 's not even right once a day . Just threw it away and wanted to spare other buyers from this mistake .
 Our establishment ordered 22 La Crosse atomic wall clocks . Only a handfull of the clocks managed to pick up a signal . The other clocks had to be set manually which is time consuming . Once they were set manually , they would not keep accurate time . According to the instructions the clocks have trouble picking up signals in concrete buildings with steel reinforcement like the three story office building we occupy . Do not purchase if you are in one of these type of buildings . Also two of the clocks did not work at all .
 I have purchased eight LaCrosse products in the last four years . Two analog clocks , including this one , have been unsatisfactory.One model -LRB- WT-3143A -RRB- worked perfectly for about 6 months , but then began to endlessly whir it 's minute hand round and round , never again setting the atomic time . LaCrosse replaced that clock under warranty , and it keeps accurate time , but now , the second hand no longer moves.This other model -LRB- WT-3102B -RRB- had a second hand that would not position at the top of the hour . Then the second hand stopped moving entirely . These clocks are supposed to be accurate to the second . But without a moving second hand , Who can tell whether it 's running at all?Frustrated , I salvaged the good battery and threw that clock in the garbage.I have five other LaCrosse products that are -LRB- currently -RRB- functioning properly . But my faith in LaCrosse Technology has been battered and deep fried.I can not recommend their ANALOG products . I have had much better luck with their DIGITAL clocks and weatherstations , however .
 The product worked very well for the first 2 months , but then suddenly the second hand stopped working and it did n't reset its time to daylight savings time as advertised , even with the clock near a window and new batteries installed.Unfortunately , you ca n't set the time on this unit manually , so if it does not update automatically , you pretty much have just a non-functional `` wall decoration '' .
 i did a good amount of research before buying this clock . i read the reviews and found that about two thirds of them said its great and works fine and the other third had major problems with the clock . i went ahead and got the clock and it worked great at first , but after two days the second hand stopped working.its under warranty but the customer has to pay the shipping costs -- which is about half what i paid for the clock ! im currently waiting for the crappy la crosse warranty to end so i can use my visa gold card warranty service to hopefully get my money back.this clock was definitely not worth the headache for me .
 Failed to pick up atomic clock signal . Had to manually set the clock . Sweep hand stopped working within a week of purchase .
 Clock got the time correctly , once . After one day it failed totally . The hands now point to 6:30 -LRB- totally fell to the bottom -RRB- . Put in a new battery - still defective . Moved the clock to a different location with no improvement . Unfortunately , this is not the first La Cross clock to fail . There is no reason to ever purchase a La Crosse product in the future ! NOT WORTH THE TIME OR MONEY TO SHIP IT BACK .
 Purchased this clock . Followed the directions and the clock set itself , only problem , I selected Eastern time , it set itself to Pacific Time . So I called the support line as requested only to get sent to a voice mail box 4 times . No call back all afternoon . Returning clock in tomorrow 's mail .
 Piece of garbage . Horrible support . Returned the first one , they made me pay shipping . When they wanted me to pay to return the second piece of garbage , I just threw in the towel . No more La Crosse Defective Technology for me . Avoid like the plague .
 I got this about 2 weeks ago . I am in Southern CA . By default , the clock preset to PST , DST is on.First , the clock did not sync after put in battery for the first time . I had to manually set it . After 2-3 days , it automatically rolled back exactly 1 hour . I had to manually correct it . Then it happened again in 2-3 days . I will return it back to Amazon .
 The size and style are good with an easy to read dial . Before the end of the first year , the second hand quit working . Within the next few months the clock failed completely . We have switched to a Quartz analog clock which has worked fine . We would rather change the time manually than take a chance on another La Crosse Atomic clock .
 Perhaps it was my own fault . I thought I had found the perfect clock -- good size face , numbers and hands ; simple black and off-white color scheme . Unfortunately , although I checked to make sure it could be set manually , I missed the part that said the time would AUTOMATICALLY reset as soon as it found a signal . Hawaii is not in one of the four official time zones the clock services . One more reason , perhaps , why we should secede from the US . The clock can be reset , but I 'd have to pay shipping to and from , which would come very close to or exceed the cost of the clock and original shipping . So now I have a great clock sitting on my desk that I ca n't set .
 I purchased 20 of these clocks for my classrooms and after about 6 months 25 % of them no longer work . You get what you pay for .
 The clock failed to pick up a time signal in the middle of San Francisco . Once I set it manually , the second hand stopped for good on the second day . Bad clock .
 The clock was off by -4 hours even after so called rebooting . I called tech support and they requested me to send the clock back to them at my cost so that they can pop the hands off and advance it four hours . They should have replaced it for free but they did not . I just think this clock is just a big hoax .
 When I received this clock , I popped in the batteries , and it soon started setting the time ... at least until the minute hand hit the fifty-minute mark , from where it refused to move . Upon the advice of tech support , I exchanged the clock , and its replacement kept perfect time ... as long as you did n't look at the second hand . The hour and minute hands were dead-on , but the second hand moved at a rate seven seconds per hour faster . No amount of resetting -LRB- or tech support -RRB- would solve the problem , so I threw in the towel and returned it for a refund . Pity . It 's exactly the clock I was looking for ... except for the not-working part .
 The minute hand of this clock arrived misaligned , so that clock always shows the time 3-4 minutes behind the actual time.I contacted the manufacturer -LRB- e-mail to customer service remained unanswered for 3 days , so I had to telephone -RRB- . They said they would repair the faulty clock , but refused to pay for shipping -LRB- their claims is the the minute hand could have shifted in shipping -- since the hands are balanced in the spindle , this possibility is highly unlikely -RRB- . Since Lacrosse clearly has manufacturing issues -LRB- other customers report similar misalignment issues -RRB- , and has poor customer service , you might want to look at a different manufacturer . Even though I am returning the clock to Amazon , which knows how to treat their customers correctly , this is another of life 's little hassles .
 Seemed like a very nice clock when it arrived . Easy to set up . Unfortunatly the second hand quit working after about a week .
 My clock was programmed with the previous version of the Daylight Saving Time rules , so it was off by an hour . This clock wo n't allow you to jog the hour forward or backwards , so unless you live in the central states you are out of luck . I tossed my clock out .
 Ordered five of these for a new public building . Also ordered some of the steel rimmed ones , with similar results . 2 of the black ones failed within a year . While they look great , and are precise when working , they eventually just get into a state where they either can not pick up a signal and just keep spinning the hands forever , or wo n't set at all . Changing locations does n't help . These end up being a lot more work than just re-setting the time twice a year . Also , even when working , the sweep second hand often does not move .
 Bought two identical clocks for work from Amazon which were supplied by Ambient Weather in Chandler , AZ. . One clock worked fine , the other never worked -LRB- right out of box -RRB- . Contacted Amazon to return defective clock . Amazon passed request on to Ambient Weather . I was furnished with a return authorization , however , I was asked to pay return postage . Not happy about paying to return something that NEVER worked . Have been using Amazon for most online purchases but will reconsider in future.Was happy with clock that did work but am worried about reliability since only one of the two clocks worked .
 I bought this clock based on the manufactures claim that `` It also adjusts automatically for Daylight Saving Time . '' That claim may have been true at some point but it 's not anymore due the changes in the Daylight Saving Time schedule . It still changes using the old schedule so it 's really twice the work than if I would have bought a clock that you set manually because when Daylight Savings Time comes or goes on the new schedule nothing happens and I have to trick it by selecting a different time zone that matches the current time and then when it 's time to change on the old schedule it sets itself to the incorrect time zone that I used to trick it so I have to take it down and select the correct time zone . I contacted the company to find out why they were still sending out the old signal but got no response . Other than that the clock works fine .
 In common with others ' reviews , the second hand on 2 out of 2 clocks just stopped never to go again
 As others have stated on this review forum , the second hand died after a few months , alth ' the clock kept correct time , I would not buy from LaCrosse again , nor would I suggest to anyone
 I had expected to do some sanding prior to finishing the chair . I did not expect to find large splinters on the arms that needed to be removed , and gouges in other parts . Overall you can do better for the money .
 I bought this product to get rid of the Ivies on my back yard . ! Unfortunately it was not effective ! I would not recommend this product !
 Really ? ... Really ? Am I really supposed to buy another one of these giant plastic devices already . I love round up for taking out the weeds and unwanted grass from around the yard , and the sprayer is great ... WHEN IT WORKS . I am on number 3 and today I see that it has yet again sprung a leak in the handle . They must be manufactured to break after 1-2 years . I do n't use it that often , always clean it and use it according to the instructions , yet the handle part always breaks . My husband is mighty handy and has repaired these for me a number of times but duct tape can only fix so much . I am done with it ! I am going to put the liquid in a regular spray bottle which costs a dollar .
 I have three Ortho sprayers and they all leak in the same place on the handles . I 'll assume that the handles have a flaw in the injection molding process to hold the pressure when the bottle is pumped up . I looked online for a handle parts replacement . I seen one for 11 bucks I wrote Ortho about the problem , So maybe they will consider changing the design handle . I 'm done throwing money away on a bad design .
 First unit delivered had a defective display . The second unit worked . This unit has a ` chill factor ' feature . The temperature display responds so slowly it takes at least 30 minutes for the reading to settle from a inside to an outside temperature . -LRB- Hope you can stand the cold waiting . -RRB- The company did not respond to help line phone calls and ` did n't call back ' , or respond to any emails . The only way I got a response was to write to the president of the company . I got a response , but ` that 's just the way it works ' is the response . Please do n't purchase from LaCrosse .
 This product has been absolutley worthless for me for measuring wind speed from the day I got it . I have very strong winds , probably about 40 - 60 mph fairly regularly and the anemomter will never show anything over 6.0 mph . It is very frustrating because I stand outside in the cold to get a reading and it will only show single digit readings . I even sent it back to the manufacturer for repairs shortly after receiving it and it came back exactly the same . I think it 's worthless for wind speeds , but I can get temperature readings from it .
 When I received my La Crosse EA-3010U anemometer everything worked fine for a few minutes , then it stopped giving me wind readings . The temperature was showing on the display , but the wind was not . I had read other reviews mentioning their battery was dead , so I called La Crosse customer service and they told me to replace the battery . When I put a new battery in the unit , it worked fine for a few hrs , then it stopped registering wind speed . I put the original battery back in the unit and it worked fine for just a few minutes , then same problem . At this point I lost faith in the quality of this unit and felt it was better to get a Kestrel Anemometer as a replacement . While I did have the La Crosse unit a few days , I did notice that it takes a long time to get the correct temperature when taking it outdoors from the indoors . It seems that you get what you pay for when it comes to anemometers . I have not received my Kestrel anemometer yet so I have no comment on it .
 Basically a useless instrument . Difficult to use , with terrible information on wind speed . Might just as well guess the speed by peeing on a tree .
 Received with a dead battery . Company has not yet responded to my complaint .
 Had this unit for about a month and was going to return , but with cost of postage back to non-Amazon seller , just was n't worth the trouble and cost . To me , this unit doesnt seem to work well . I 've been out with a steady wind and the unit seems to indicate little to no wind . I got to help calibrate my Davis weatherstation and it rarely seems to correlate . The buttons are hard to push and controls are a bit unintuitive . I would not recommend .
 Does n't record over 5MPH in a wind storm . And no , I did not have it set to meters per second . Oh well , it was cheap and it makes a good portable thermometer .
 Fun to have . The feature set is good , while the user interface takes a bit getting used to . The thermometer and wind chill meter are useful extras . Ditto the peak , average and current measurements.The meter works well when measuring winds above 5 mph . However , when trying to measure the wind speed over the pool , the meter sometimes would not spin up . The spec says it can measure down to 0.44 mph . My device wo n't register less than 1.5 mph , and I have no idea how accurate it is at that point.After some exposure to wind -LRB- what a novel concept for a wind meter ! -RRB- , the fan bearings wear out . It gives out a screeching sound in high winds -LRB- above 10 mph -RRB- , and measurements are probably inaccurate.It uses up the battery also when turned off . After about a week in off position , the battery is dead . So make sure to take out the battery after each use .
 When I first received this Anemometer the battery was dead . I replaced the battery with new one and it worked fine . Turned it off and put it away . A few days latter I took it out to use it again and the battery was dead again . I found out there is a drain on the battery when the unit is off . So now I pull the battery out when I put it away . When I put the battery back in to use it , the unit will not power up with out fooling around with it for several minutes . It 's too much work so now it 's back in the box and in a drawer . This works fine when working but , I would find a different unit that is more reliable .
 If you need a meter to measure wind speed , this device will do that very well . The wind speed measurements were accurate . If you are interested in temperature or wind chill , you will have to stand outside so long that you will know the values before the instrument tells you . It took about 45 minutes for it to go from room temperature , 70 degrees , to the outside temperature , 45 degrees . It is a good value for measuring wind speed , but you will chill before you get it to measure wind chill .
 This unit was not what I was hoping to get . It may be a fine unit for you , but for me , it was difficult to work the read-out and the performance seemed less than adequate . I sent it back and purchased the Kestrel instead .
 The La Crosse Technology EA-3010U Handheld Anemometer broke as soon as I took it out of the box . A blade came off the rotor and the magnetic wheel shattered , rendering the thing useless before I 'd taken a single reading . Truly a piece of junk .
 Purchaced this anemometer for kiteskiing , looking to quantify wind speeds in the 10-20mph range . Did not have any luck getting the propeller to spin at wind speeds below 45mph ... which had to be acheived by holding the instrument out the car window . Pretty dissapoing purchace .
 Very disappointed as item received with leaking lithium battery ! My trust in Amazon , LLC , the seller , is greatly reduced .
 Product looked good . It does n't measure wind speed , the definition of an anemometer . I 've emailed manufacturer , Amazon , seller ... anyone I could think of . No response from anyone . I 've changed the battery . The display lights and it reads temp . The fan rotates freely . It DOES NOT measure wind speed . Is the conclusion , do n't buy anything technical from Amazon ?
 I was very unimpressed with this clock for a few reasons .1 -RRB- the time area does not stay light even whhen plugged in which means you must push a button to see the time after dark .2 -RRB- The led projection is very faint and unless the room is almost pitch black -LRB- which includes street lights -RRB- you can not see it on the ceiling -LRB- which is only 4.5 feet away -RRB- 3 -RRB- the buttons are in a very strange sequence to use set/use the clock I would n't say it is very hard to use but different than other ones for sure
 I wanted a projection clock and got this one as a gift from my husband . It does project well , but you can only see it if it is very dark in the room . The display itself can not be seen from across the room as it does not stay illuminated . There is a certain time in the morning where it is not dark enough to see the projection and too dark to see the display if you look directly at the clock . During that time of day I have no idea what time it is !
 The projection is great . Otherwise , it is a bear to do anything with the extremely non-intuitive controls . Terrible on a Saturday morning when the alarm goes off at 6:15 and one is trying to turn the darn thing off .
 The device is ok but the outside temp has never worked for me . I have gone through all of the troubleshooting instructions but still nothing . I was very disappointed but I have not seen anyone else complain about this problem so I may have just gotten a broken unit .
 After a few months the outdoor temp stopped working . Replaced batteries in remote sensor -LRB- followed directions exactly -RRB- . No luck . Disappointed . Time and indoor temp works fine .
 Not as user friendly as I expected . The time display is not backlit so you can not see it from across the room . You have to look at the projection to see the time ... kind of quirky to me .
 Very nice alarm clock , easy to set up . But huge draw back is that the time screen is not backlit , so if you want to see the screen you have to push a button . Very inconvenient !!!!!
 The good news is that it mostly works -- although the weather forecast is , as advertised , only about 75 % accurate . Unfortunately , it has some annoying flaws .1 -RRB- Although it will provide either 12 or 24 hr format and either Celsius or Fahrenheit temps , you ca n't actually select the temperature display -- once you select 24-hr time format , you get Celsius temps whether you want them or not . If you want deg F , you must select 12-hr time .2 -RRB- If you run the clock off batteries , you have to press a button to get any projection . Unfortunately the button you press is the snooze button , which activates both the projection and the backlight ; the button to control brightness of projection does not work in battery mode ; activating both lights simulaneously is both redundant and wasteful , as it runs down the batteries more rapidly than necessary .3 -RRB- Worst of all , the device emits a very annoying , very audible , high-pitched whining sound any time any button is pressed -LRB- including the snooze -RRB- and anytime you need to set or reset anything .4 -RRB- Manual confusing ; information on website did not tell me anything I needed to know . Emailed support -- no acknowledgement , & although I eventually got a response it was n't remotely helpful , and I had already given up on them and returned the device .
 aside from the nifty weather prediction , this clock is completely impractical . The projection numbers are about 1/2 inch tall with minimal clarity . The clock itself has a greenish background that only comes on if you press random buttons which makes knowing the time during the night almost impossible . I am surprise this is sold on Amazon . Thank goodness for Amazon 's customer friendly returning policy . I think Amazon should remove this clock and others like it for good .
 The display is very hard to read in the dark or daylight . The projection works but is also very difficult to get it on the wall and not every move the clock . The whole thing does not weigh hardly anything so everytime I would try to hit the button and miss it slide off or away . A stiff wind could blow it off my stand . The alarms are not very reliable or loud . The buttons are small , the unit as a whole feels more like a travel clock than a home clock with weather . The weather seemed to work well for a the first couple weeks until we got a cold week of standard Minnesota winter weather . Just not accurate at all . I guess I got what I paid for . the whole thing feels cheap and works like a cheap plastic toy .
 This item would be ok if you had 5 foot high ceilings . The room has to be dark for it to work . I should have sent it back .
 I found this clock to be too involved in setup for use . Could not see the display on the face at night . It stated that it would only adjust the time once a day and it took some time to get the time signal in my location . I also could not hear the alarm . . too soft for my hearing ! I 'm still looking for a simple one that I will be able to see and hear .
 This clock is awful . It 's cheaply made , randomly lights up -LRB- accompanied by a buzzing noise -RRB- , and randomly turns the alarm on . I do not recommend this product .
 We returned the clock because the intruructions were incomplete and poor . The clock did not perform the way we expected .
 Waste of money , the manual does n't have proper instructions , and settings buttons also not working as per the manual , I do n't know its fault with the manual or button settings , I struggled for a week and returned this item .
 I opened the box and followed the instructions mentioned . Waited for 15 minutes but nothing happened . Had to set the time manually.The temparature reading format can not be changed unless the time format is changed . If the time format is 12H mode , then the temparature shows in Deg F and if the time format is in 24H mode , the temperature shows in Deg C.As soon as I opened the box , I knew the quality is going to be bad . It has a very plastic feel , looks cheaper than the 1 $ toys.The temperature reading -LRB- indoor & outdoor -RRB- even though both the units were kept besides each other . There was a difference of 1 Deg . Why does this happen , both the readings should have been the same . I doubt it will give the correct reading even if the wireless unit is installed outside .
 I would not buy this product . The projected image is so dim , that you have to have an absolutely pitch black dark room to see it . Additionally , the temperature readings were always 5 degrees off one way or another . I compared it using a mercury thermometer and this unit would show 5 degrees hotter during the day and 5 degrees cooler at night.My suggestion , get an oregon scientific unit . They are far superior and do not display the variable temperature inconsistencies.This is the product I bought instead and ts great.Oregon Scientific BAR623PA Atomic Projection Clock and Weather Station
 THIS PRODUCT IS TO SMALL TO READ AND WAY OVER PRICED ! I FOUND ANOUTHER ONE BY TAYLOR THAT HAS MORE FUNCTIONS AND MUCH BETTER TO READ FOR $ 20.00
 Apparently this is a good product because it was sold out on Amazon and we could n't find it in stock anywhere else .
 THE PRODUCT IT SELF IS FINE , BUT THE DESCRIPTION IN AMAZON SAYS THAT IT GIVES TEMPERATURES IN FARENHEIT AND CELSIUS . AND THAT IS NOT CORRECT . SINCE I LIVE IN MEXICO I NEED THE TEMPERATURE IN CELSIUS . I HAD TO RETURN THIS ITEM . IF AMAZON WOULD JUST CORRECT THIS ISSUE , I WOULD ` NT WAISTE TIME RETURNING THE ITEM AND WOULD NOT BUY IT IN THE FIRST PLACE
 Positives
 Its a good product but does n't show the temperature in Celsius as written in the description . That 's bad because here in Brazil , Celsius is the standard .
 Bought this as a present for my parents . Placed the sensor , out side the kitchen window and under the overhang from the roof ... yet it cant pick up the signal !! Save your money , get a better unit !
 Delivered on time . Nice unit but no temperature readings in Celsius . I specificaly bought this unit because they advertised this capability .
 Description lies that degrees could be switched from F to C . This is not true !!! . Very unsatisfied !!!
 I want a weather station with 3 remote sensors
 I purchased this model and 8117CTWC in 2004 and 2005 The outside temperature sensor died after 1 year the fist time ten months after the second time 2006 got a replecment sensor wich did not work at all
 In another review I lamented that this weather station is not for apartment dwellers since the remote sensor can not fit in a window like other sensors . Since writing that review , I have come to the conclusion that my model arrived defective since the atomic clock does not register.I tried calling their toll call customer service and was put on hold but only to be ultimately told by a recording that someone would get back to me . This is the worse kind of customer service
 Was a great product until it crapped out after 4 years of use . There were a few times where it would n't receive a signal from the transmitter , but it would eventually pick up the signal after a few hours .
 This mat did not last more than a few days before it started to fall apart . Very thin.Even the sewn cloth borders started to separate from the woven straw . Definitely not worth buying , you 'll wind up throwing it away fairly soon . Look for something of better quality , I am !
 I expected a beach mat that would last a day at the beach . This did not . It took all of 5 minutes to rip and render itself useless ... I wish I went somewhere else . Sorry , guys !
 It looks nice but ... Putting two cakes in does n't work . It is probably wide enough for three so the two kind of sink together in a sticky mess . I was thinking it was two separate compartments and each compartment just fit the cake . Live and learn . Would not recommend this .
 The latch pops open and the hook is too large.The feeder falls to ground easily and the 2 suet cakes move back and forth , because there is too much room , making it hard for the birds to eat .
 I took it out of operation after a month filled with repairing it after birds and/or squirrels beat it up . The opening is harder for humans to open and shut than for animals . I 've had to replace the hinges and now I have to find a way to latch it so the critters ca n't open it and let the suet fall to the ground .
 We owned a lesser priced LaCrosse wireless weather station that worksperfectly and we love . Deciding to upgrade we ordered the above listed model . It worked well for a couple of days and then the outside temp.no longer registered.We have tried in every way to get it working again with no luck . changing batteries , the location of the outside sensor , inside location , reviewing and going over the manual step by step and still no success . Not happy with this product . If anyone has had similar problems and figured it out please advise .
 We had a remote thermometer . Some of us live far enough North that the temp drops to -20 deg . . This thermometer stops reading at that temp . When I ask what could be done they said we were on our own . do n't bother with them there not worth it .
 I agree with many of the other reviews . I would n't recommend this unit to anyone . Have had it just over a year and in that time it was sent back to the factory to fix . Do n't believe they did anything because within a short time it still did n't work . Does n't read outside temp/humidity ... just quits . Same thing has happened to the inside temp/humidity . Calls and e-mail to LaCrosse goes unanswered . All I wanted is a reading for inside & outside temp/humidity and all I 've gotten is hassle . They even told me to get batteries with a 2013 date on them now in less than 5 months it has failed again . What a piece of junk .
 Wow . What a hassle ! This puppy works , then it does n't , over and over . The first one I had petered out after a few months , after much explaining to the LaCrosse warranty jury , I finally got an RA . They ` fixed ' it . NO ! It came back worse , it just does n't want to recognize my two remotes and sometimes the station itself does n't read-out the temp and humidity . Then , they replaced it totally . The new one worked for a few days , then I moved it a little , then it did n't work again . I reset it and it is fine.Too darn fickle , support is weak and unfriendly . I would never recommend this product or this company . I am not happy and am sure I will encounter more problems . I will not let them rest on this . I 'll make them pay for their unfriendly ways of supporting , too many distrust issues on their part . . Who do they think they are dealing with , somone who is illiterate ? Ha ! I hate this system . But , I 'll keep my fingers crossed , and they better keep their fingers crossed that they do n't have to deal with me again . Stay away !
 On the plus side the base unit worked quite well but the remote outdoor transmitter was faulty.I emailed and left a phone message for Lacrosse support but after not hearing from them for 4 or 5 days I returned the station to Amazon -LRB- Amazon 's return process is an excellent example of great customer service -RRB- . A couple of days after I returned the unit I got a call from Lacrosse . I told them I had returned the unit . A couple of days after that I got a replacement outdoor transmitter in the mail followed a day later by an email telling me to expect a transmitter.I emailed them about returning the transmitter but was told that was unnecessary.The unit had good features and would have been very good had it functioned properly
 I ordered this weather station for my husband . Unfortunately , we received the product today and it does n't work at all :0 -LRB- I am very disappointed , since I now have to deal with returning the product and waiting for a credit .
 Actually a zero star rating would be appropriate . Base unit is completely dead out of the package making the unit unusable . Waiting to hear back from Lacrosse as to what they are going to do about it.Edit
 I got this feeder from Target about one year ago because it is the cheapest feeder that I can got in my area . It did its job well until several months later when I found out there were several colonies of mold grew in its red chamber.Since its chamber is sealed , I can only try to clean those mold from the hole on top . Well , even with the tiny brush , I still could not reach every conner that is molded ... . It would take about 5-10 mins for me to clean it every time , and still can not clean it 100 % .
 This hummingbird feeder looked good , seemed to be built well , had an ant moat and a wonderful mounting loop . After two weeks in service it was crawling with bees . They drained it dry . Upon inspection it was obvious that the joint on the top and bottom halves of the feeding station portion of the feeder had not been glued or sealed properly . The bees were drinking the nectar from that leaking joint . I 'll try re-gluing the joint . Very disappointing .
 Received it with one of the white port covers missing . Figured it was n't worth making a big deal because it would not affect the function of the feeder . But I found out that without it , it allows bees and wasps access and once they are in , they ca n't get out . It does not come apart , which I knew from the reviews and figured I would find a way to clean it anyway , but I ca n't get the dead bees and wasps out of it now . So , guess this will be going to the trash . I have n't seen ONE hummingbird feed from it anyway and they always attack my feeders . This turned out to be a disappointment .
 The only good thing about it is that it is a good width . However , competitors often include several connection tubes , this only has one . The manufactured poked 3 large holes in the middle of the edging to keep it rolled up . Through the holes were poked hard plastic rivets which were difficult to remove and which left multiple holes in the edging . The reason those rivets are there brings up the main problem . This NOT-PROFESSIONAL edging is made of very stiff plastic which is very hard to adapt to whatever edging needs you might have . Even getting it to hold a straight line is difficult because it wants to return to the packaging curve . Because the plastic is so hard and unwieldy apparently they just can not keep it rolled up for shipping with simple ties , and must resort to poking those damaging rivets through the middle . I have purchased edging from multiple sources in the past and this is definitely the worst .
 WORST SPRAYER I 've EVER SEEN - COMPLETELY UNUSUABLE as FLOW TUBE TOO SMALL TO STAY IN TOP INSERT . Not even close fit so tube just falls inside jar . Even if fitted , dial poor - hard to turn and does NOT lock -LRB- click -RRB- into settings .
 This is really misleading ... . Nowhere in this listing does it say that the stand is not included . None of the reviews say the the stand needs to be purchased separately . One would think that since the picture shows a stand they would say stand not included ... This really sucks .
 I purchased 3 different squirrel proof suet feeders from Amazon , and two were a huge success . This one , however , gets very little action . I 'm not sure what is so different about it , but the birds do n't seem to like it . They eat from it only if the others are empty.If you live an a flying squirrel area , be aware that they seem to be able to get into anything . I discourage them by adding red pepper to the suet cakes I make . The birds do n't care , and it is supposed to be good for them . I find they overwhelmingly prefer home-made peanut butter/lard/corn / oatmeal/flour cakes over anything I buy .
 This table is well made and perfect for 2 kiddos . However , when it arrived the red paint was still tacky . We assembled it anyways , hoping that it would dry hard . It 's been a month now and the paint is still gummy . It scrapes off easily and if we leave dinner plates on it , they pick up some of the paint when we lift them up . Disappointed with the paint quality . Go with unpainted .
 I hope it was my poor luck , and hope it 's not the case with all of these bump knobs sold under this p/n : The bolt on the bump knob came out of its hole and the plastic bump knob fell off the very first time I tried using it after putting it on my trimmer . Thus , the `` bumping '' feature on the trimmer is forever disabled . I did not bother getting a new one - figured that I do n't want to take chances of getting another bad one .
 Not exactly what i wanted . It 's just a plastic funnel with no parts or any installation . And it 's shipped and sold by Amazon.com not third party . And they even busted my $ 25 order and charged me shipping to a total of $ 11.83 . And for some ungodly reason they will not except returns on this item . IT 'S JUST A PLASTIC FUNNEL . NOT HAPPY ` BOUT THIS TRANSACTION . But I understand that this disclaimer is on the item page , after the fact . IT 'S JUST A PLASTIC FUNNEL !
 I buy this product thinking my daughter would be better taking care but it was not sufficiently humid there were kind of dry so I have to use more than one , and the package look like it have more but notDid n't like this product
 I could not find any insect repellent packets where I live and had purchased this product elsewhere when I was traveling in a store and was very glad to find them on this site but when I received them the packing was very OLD looking with some kind of stains on it . the little packs looked ok so I just threw away the outter boxes and forgot about it . the first 3 - 4 packets were okay but the last 2 I opened were dry , have not tried any more but so far am not pleased . I rated 1 star because they would not let me finish this with out putting something there ! : o -LRB-
 I bought this thinking it would would be great to have an instant insect repellent on-the-go , but when i used it my whole skin where I applied it got burned and you can really see what part of your skin you did n't applied it because it would n't be really really red . I just washed it with soap because it really stings thus my money was wasted !
 They sent me an expensive , broken prodeuct , and would not refund my money !!! DO NOT BUY FROM THESE PEOPLE !!!!!
 This generator weighs 191 pounds . The day after I ordered it , I was sent an email saying that I would be responsible for taking it off the truck , but that for an additional $ 39 I could have `` lift gate '' service
 Item is alright . Have to be careful the supports do n't fall out , there is nothing that holds them into the chair other than a `` cup '' of straps . I have sat in these at fairs and other craft shows and always really been comfortable in them . Unfortunatley , this one leans too far forward and I ca n't recline enough to be comfortable . Otherwise it seems to be a decent product . I actually hung it by an industrial spring -LRB- from Home Depot -RRB- which gives it a little more freedom to move/bounce . If only I could recline more in it I would be very happy .
 I recently bought three of these and regret it ! I just finished putting the first together , ready to sit in it , when the glue that held the threads together gave way -LRB- I weigh 120lb 's wet -RRB- . The nylon threads that hold you up are all glued in place , it is cheaply made . I would never invite a guest at my home to sit in one of these , great bodily harm could come to the invited guest as a result of the glue coming undone . Hot weather mixed with sun is a sure way to get undesired results from these chairs . Purchase and sit at your own risk !
 Item is alright . Have to be careful the supports do n't fall out , there is nothing that holds them into the chair other than a `` cup '' of straps . I have sat in these at fairs and other craft shows and always really been comfortable in them . Unfortunatley , this one leans too far forward and I ca n't recline enough to be comfortable . Otherwise it seems to be a decent product . I actually hung it by an industrial spring -LRB- from Home Depot -RRB- which gives it a little more freedom to move/bounce . If only I could recline more in it I would be very happy .
 I recently bought three of these and regret it ! I just finished putting the first together , ready to sit in it , when the glue that held the threads together gave way -LRB- I weigh 120lb 's wet -RRB- . The nylon threads that hold you up are all glued in place , it is cheaply made . I would never invite a guest at my home to sit in one of these , great bodily harm could come to the invited guest as a result of the glue coming undone . Hot weather mixed with sun is a sure way to get undesired results from these chairs . Purchase and sit at your own risk !
 This item may be considered a good value but is certainly not good quality . If you are looking for a disposable umbrella and live in an area that is not windy this is the umbrella for you . It is true that you get what you pay for .
 I ordered a 7 ' Umbrella and received a 9 ' umbrella . Sent it back just this week May 26th via UPS with Return Sticker and are waiting for the original item ordered . When I receive the umbrella I will certainly write a review . However , I did receive the products in a very timely manner .
 I like the color and it works but the pole is pretty cheap . I am not sure how long it will last .
 In June I ordered a cover for my S 420 Grill . I looked great , fitted well and I was very satisfied until the first rain storm . The cover , which was designed with a mesh vent on the back fed water into the drip pan of my grill , filled the grease pan to overflowing and wet & greased the entire inside of the lower cabinet . I called Weber 's help line and a nice lady confirmed my original purchase then said she would ship a redesigned cover to me . Within twenty hours Fed Ex arrived with a new redesigned and suitable cover at no charge . Service like that makes Weber a great company.Nels TyringStratham , NH
 Thermometer is inaccurate . Compass does n't work . No point to have if 2 out of 3 do n't work .
 THIS IS THE WORST PIECE OF JUNK . THE CLOCK WILL NOT SET PROPERLY . ALSO THE COMPASS IS OFF BY MANY DEGREES REGARDLESS OF LOCATION .
 This looks like a cool thing , but its really shallow and the bred falls apart when trying to get it out .
 The chair itself was alright , very short/low back makes it far less comfortable than most . My biggest complaint was the cost of shipping ... far more than the chair was worth . I would not purchase it again .
 I made the mistake of leaving these in the sun about 2 hours and they flattened out , losing their contour . One even turned inside out . Spend a little extra and buy something more durable
 I wore these twice and they skinned the ... . out of my knees . Yes , I had the straps adjusted correctly . Wo n't use them again . Use a kneeling pad instead!The kneeling pad has worked beautifully ! No more skinning my knees .
 Purchased them last August and LOVED them!Started using them again this year , maybe 1/2 dozen times so far , and one of the knee pads flattened out . They are kept on shelf in my garage and nothing is placed on top of them . Went in the other morning and one was perfectly FLAT ! They are still wearable but awkward and annoying if you are getting up and down a lot .
 These have to be the worst pair of knee pads I have ever bought . I have large kneesand they still fell down every time I put them on . I am very disapointed in these .
 The elastic is placed too far apart , for someone with a larger leg . Now , I 'm not skinny , but I 'm not a football player either . I 'm about a size 16 and the elastic is designed for someone with larger legs . They are n't snug at all . I broke my ankle last week and figured scooting around on my knees would be easier at home to clean things , which it is . However , these keep flopping over and when I 'm on ceramic flooring -- boom ! There 's the pain because they are always slipping.If you get these , have a decent pair of safety pins to make them snug because the elastic is placed too far apart and seems to be designed for people with larger legs .
 I was disappointed that the velcro straps on these pads have a very limited range , and are suitable only for large knees . I have an average man size knee , and these pads fit too loosely . Also , the felt lining inside the rubber is starting to peel around the edges after only five days of wear .
 If you have skinny legs these pads are not for you . The straps do n't have enough velcro coveage ...
 Fairly comfortable to wear but will slip if not tightly fastened . Thicker cushioning than most . The BAD part is , the shipping was more than the cost of the knee pads ! Do n't buy them if you have to pay shipping unless you are really desperate for knee protection .
 I am an assistant scoutmaster and an Eagle Scout . I have sawn a lot of wood with a bow saw . I have a used Fiskars made in Denmark blade . It cuts about 30-50 % better than a new Fiskars blade made in CHina . I tested both blades against the same tree within 5 minutes . If I had known that they were going to make crappy blades in China , I would have bought 30 Denmark blades the last time I saw them . That said , this is a fair blade with smaller teeth -LRB- clogs easier and cheaper to manufacture . -RRB-
 I ca n't believe Friskers products are so highly rated on Amazon ... two of the three items I got of their 's from Home Depot only lasted months . I 'm sure the company is putting up a lot of these 5 stars.I bought these shears to do general landscape maintenance at my house and replaced my old wooden-handled ones . These were advertised as more powerful , but I could n't tell any difference . They started off just fine and worked for a few months , but then the nut would start coming off and it was a fight to use it every time because it did n't want to stay together . Then , after about six months , I was clipping and the two plastic things that keep the shears handles from hitting broke ! I was just regular cutting and these hit together and broke off . Now the handles hit together . I went to HD to get a better wooden pair , but unfortunately this cheap product dominates the market in there.Will not buy again ; only reason that it did n't get one star is because it did work for a little while .
 These shears cut through shrubs easily and quickly . The gear really helps to cut easily . Too bad the gear also can dislodge and is almost impossible to fix . The blades also bend and become unusable . What a waste of money ! Do n't buy these .
 The pair I bought had the gears slip after about twenty minutes of use . I took them apart and realigned the gears , tightened back the bolts and had the same result after another ten to fifteen minutes . I am going to try the other Fiskar 's set without the gears before moving on to another brand -LRB- largely due to lack of availability for quality alternatives locally and largely positive online reviews -RRB- . I recommend skipping this more expensive and problem prone `` gear '' set .
 I was very careful in selecting a pristine pair of shears from Home Depot , and the tool worked flawlessly for several months ... Until yesterday when I was working out in my back yard , trimming back some salvia to encourage fresh growth . In mid-cut , I felt the tool jam . Examination of the blades showed that the cutting edges were deadheading against one another and had created a razor sharp burr of metal . At this point I stopped using the shears.Fiskars needs to improve their hedge shear design to resolve this jamming issue.If your Fiskars jam I recommend you call their warranty line at 1-800-500-4849 . I did , and a new set of shears are being sent to me , free of charge . If you do n't want to deal with Fiskars , and are handy with a grinder/sharpening tool , then you could try grinding out the burr yourself -LRB- or have a professional do it for you -RRB- .
 I purchased these from home depot a week ago and started to use them before I even finished the job the blades got damaged and I can no longer close them . This is the worst quality shear I have ever seen DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!!!!
 Didnt make it 10 minutes until the gear slipped and you cant fix . The only people rating this 5 stars must be trimming their hair because that 's as thick an object it can cut .
 Bought these brand-spanking new ... literally made three cutting motions while trimming back last year 's dead growth on some large ornamental grasses and the gears slipped , rendering the shears useless . It amazes me that a company can put such a shoddy product into the market place . Save yourself the frustration and money and get yourself a different set of shears .
 Very cheap blades ! Cutting the smallest branch of a Lime busch ~ 1/8 '' in diameter caused the blades to bur and jam . I thought about grinding it out but noticed a few more burs . I expected more from Fiskars . I guess they should stay in the sewing category .
 The blades are made of aluminum ! ! Mine bent at the edge so that the blades hang on each other and the scissors wo n't close ... after five cuts ... ! I own a pair of Fiskars loppers that have a titanium cutting blade and they are excellent but this thing is a dud.By the way I finnished the job with my 30 years old hedge trimmers that have never once been sharpened and have to be oiled every time I use them because they are rusted to the point of being siezed every year when I use them for the first time .
 These hedge shears have a rachet system that is suppose to increase the cutting force . Three times they jumped a tooth and I had to take them apart to realign everything , then after another 5 minutes of use they slipped again . If you truly are trimming a hedge and never try to cut anything substantial -LRB- like a quarter inch diameter -RRB- they might work for you . But to me they are n't worth the extra price of models with a less sophisticated design .
 I have just tried these shears and hit a dead branch which put a nick in the blades and now wo n't work . Do n't buy these shears !
 Like another review the blades on these shears hung up on each other after 10 minutes of use . I bought this model at Home Depot thinking it would last me forever . I live in a new home and my shrubs are very small but were needing some minor trimming . I was using these shears for about 10 minutes and all of a sudden they would not close all the way . I thought maybe a small branch was caught in them . When I looked at the blades there was a slight groove/nick on each blade and they were biting each other . As another review wrote , the blades are too soft or something . I took them back to Home Depot -LRB- having just bought them like 30 minutes earlier -RRB- and got the cheaper Fiskars shears . I finished the job with the cheaper shears with no problem .
 Starting with the positive , the mechanical advantage is amazing . You really can effortlessly cut anything that fits in the jaws . The negative side is that the jaws are flimsy and separate sideways . On small 1/4 twigs they do n't cut , they just wedge between the jaws . On large branches it cuts through everything except the last piece of bark leaving the two pieces still joined . The whole point of the loppers is to cut through branches , and when it leaves the pieces connected with bark , or wedged between the jaws , it does n't do its job . I even tightened down the pivot bolts hoping this would hold the jaws together , but that did n't work either . I do n't care how powerful it is when it does n't make the cut . I am returning this and buying a different brand .
 This may be an unfair review , because all the hardware was missing from the shippment . This could have happned in transit because the box had been taped up . Amazon gave me very easy instructions on how to return the product .
 did n't work without going and buying adapters to fit my female threads . They should include adapters for all styles or say it doens ' t fit female threads .
 I thought I could connect the hose to the exiting hose that came with the fire pit , but it wo n't work.Also have not been able to send back because I opened the package .
 You may be led to believe that the hose will work with this heater because they package them together , but it does n't have the correct fitting to install on Mr. Heater . This is made for the little disposable canister connection . Cheesy plastic knob . Aggrevating !
 . In December 2004 I purchased a Mr Heater MH18B Portable Heaterand this hose to connect to a propane storage conatainer . . The hose inserts into the tank and the heater smoothly . But nopropane flows from the tank to the heater . I have been unableto get even the pilot flame to light ... no gas flow throughto the heating element.A wasted $ 150 ... . not a very happy or satisfied customer .
 The idea is great but the unit came with no instructions and I felt it needed extra fasteners to hold it together - either that or I assembled it incorrectly . quality of the piece -LRB- metal -RRB- is good .
 Very basic ; if you have any skill at all , you 're better off building your own compost bin -- it will be much cheaper .
 I gave this 2 stars because it 's huge and unsightly . It probably works but I did n't like how it looked as it was such an eyesore .
 I bought one of these at a local Menards for $ 10 back in February , 2011 . I should have just set fire to a $ 10 bill instead . This is nothing more than an expensive over-priced plastic piece of trash . We have these dirty and filthy squirrels here and instead of keeping them off , this only gives a landing pad when jumping , then swinging down to my feeders . I should have saved the $ 10 I paid for this piece of crap and used it to buy yet another bid feeder to replace yet another one that has been damaged . Save your money and look elsewhere .
 What a ripoff . The size of the bag of chips is about half the size of a sandwich bag . For $ 10 , one time use of chips . I recommend do n't buy , amazon shopuld be ashamed for associating themselves with this seller .
 Ordered stove and it arrived damaged -LRB- box beat up , parts hanging out -RRB- . Returned item and recieved a replacement , it was also damaged . Both stoves had tack welds broken and damage to the base of the stove . At first I thought it was just shipping damage but on closer review it appears that the broken welds and the sheet metal base had been painted at the factory after the damage . So much for quality control . I was really looking forward to using it . Also tried to contact the manufacturer via E Mail and have never received a response.Only good thing about the experience was that Amazon took care of replacing the unit the first time and refunding my money the second time without a hitch .
 These trays are very , very small and only a small pot will fit on them . They should not be advertised as 8 inches as they are not even close . Be sure to read the whole description , which I did n't , and I am paying for it with 6 pots under 7 inches which do not fit my plants . I feel they the title description is deceptive . Also not brown the color is black .
 carry bag not worth the price . Cheap China made crap that tears quite easily . Mine tore from just putting the stove in the bag .
 This bag did not last 1 camping trip . We placed the approved cook stove in this bag and one of the handles ripped away from the bag upon picking it up . Then the seam started to pull apart on the bottom . I 'm not sure if this bag was a dud or just the product itself .
 I purchased the Camp Chef Denali 3 burner stove and wanted a custom bag to protect and carry it . The CB90 carry bag picture is misleading . It gives the impression that it is a custom fit for the stove . It is n't . It 's just a large duffel bag . Be careful when you order it .
 I hoped to have a durable , safe-for-drinking-water hose . This one sorely disaapointed . It leaks after only 2 weeks of use . Minor kinks created pin-hole leaks .
 We purchased two hoses last summer because of our limited storage space , and they worked fine . When we set up the hoses last week -LRB- they were stored in a heated garage all winter -RRB- they both developed multiple pin holes almost simultaneously . These leaks are extensive enough to seriously affect the water pressure delivered to the nozzle . The hoses are useless.We do not want to buy new hoses every year , so I have switched to another manufacturer 's product .
 the time it takes to fill the hose that has to be completely free of bends and twists just to fill . meaning it has to be completely unraveled and laid out to use ! if the pressure is to high -LRB- anything more than a trickle -RRB- it flys through the air like an escaped fire hose . Never would buy this again !
 At first this seemed like a great product . After a month or so or use one of the attachments started to pop off of the hose during use . Nothing like having water shower you during numerous times of doing chores .
 The product was incomplete . There were no poles to put it up with nor instructions as to what size poles to get if you wanted to put it up
 I am no newbie to owning and using Black and Decker electric lawm products . My previous lawn mower of 15 years just died this summer . I just purchased the 575 Lawn Hog mulching mower online . I still am not able to use it and my grass will soon require a herd of goats or sheep to cut it . My previous mowers and other products easily used a three-prong extension cord because the electric prongs were away from the body of the mower in a rubber encased part at the end of a cord . This mower has the prongs in the body of the starter section and the head of my extension cord will not fit . I spent my lunch hour at True Value Hardware and was told that they do n't make outdoor extension cords for two prong lawn tools . I really do n't want to break the casing trying to jam it in . I called the Black and Decker hotline and explained my problem . He told me to just `` shop around '' until I found a cord with a smaller head ... . In the meantime , bring on the goats . I work full-time and take care of my homebound mother the rest of the time . This lawnmover may run fine , but I feel that the company has made poor design choices and should have left it alone.I expected to attach the handle and just go to work on my lawn . Big mistake !!
 Worked great for 2 years , then suddenly started belching smoke and died . I wish it had the flip-over handle . Other than that , it 's a good-enough mower . -LRB- I had it repaired ; something about the bearings . Does n't seem to have as much power as before , though . -RRB-
 I have been unimpressed by this mower . I had read a review in Consumer Reports and they had found that it cut unevenly and that has been my experience as well . I am going to order a new blade and see if it works any better but I am not holding my breath . Also , the mower is not good at cutting area in corners so make sure you purchase a trimmer or hand shears as well . All in all - a not very impressive electric mower .
 I received my electric lawn mower within several days of purchase ; the mower was new and the box never opened , and I am thrilled with it . The mower is light , easily maneuvered , quiet compared to a gas mower , no fumes to bother me or the environment , and it does a great job of cutting and mulching . This is a very good product .
 I ca n't say anything else about it . I used it once and it died - with a smell of burned plastic and smoke to accompany it . My lawn at the time was dry , not so long , and the mower was set to almost the highest cutting length . I 'm a B&D fan , but this mower is just not up to their standards .
 I bought this mower about 3 years ago . Had a little trouble navigating with the cord , but got used to it and was pleased overall . But I would never let my wife or son use this machine since they would get tangled up in it and possibly have an accident!I was pleased with how it handled the higher and thicker grass ! I liked the fact that I did n't come into the house smelling like gasoline and exhaust fumes , and I also liked the environmental aspect of not generating as much pollution as a gasoline engine would . However , the honeymoon was soon to be over.Last year -LRB- after a owning it for a little over a year -RRB- I started having trouble . First , one of the wheel locks kept coming off along with the wheel -LRB- the lock eventually got lost in the yard of course -RRB- . I ` fixed ' it by putting a hose clamp on the axel to hold the wheel on.Then I started having trouble with the mower stalling . Eventually , it stopped working altogether . I took it apart and found that the button in the hand switch had cracked so that it no longer allowed the hand switch to make contact when I pulled the lever . I ` fixed ' this by drilling a hole in the plunger and then put a small screw in it so that the button would contact the switch properly.Today , I was using the mower for the first time this year -LRB- starting my third year with it -RRB- . The grass was high and thick . The mower did a good job of getting through it all -- until I was almost done with the lawn . Then it stopped running altogether . All attempts at tracing the problem have turned up nothing . At this point I have to assume that either the motor has burned up -LRB- no smell or obvious damage to indicate that -RRB- or that a fuse inside of the mower has blown -LRB- funny that there would n't be a thermal switch to protect the motor such as is common on most vacuum sweepers -RRB- . I 've done a search of the internet in an attempt to find a manual to help troubleshoot the problem , but so far have found nothing . Not even on the Black & Decker WEB site.I 'm used to getting 20 + years out of a mower . This one is less than 3 years old , and now , I 'm going to have to decide whether to junk it , or look for a professional to repair it.I am very disappointed , especially since an electric mower is so much simpler than a gasoline powered mower . There should be FEWER problems , not more ! It looks like Black and Decker has some re-engineering to do on this product before it 's ready for the masses .
 I 'm on my third summer season with this mower , and I like it less and less as time goes by . I keep the blade sharp and always keep the mower clean -LRB- the only maintenance it needs ! -RRB- ... but the minor inconvenience of a cord becomes a bigger issue each time we add more landscaping . You can expect snags on every rock and plant you have to circumvent while mowing . On the positive side , the low `` suction '' of the blade tends to leave the cord on the ground , even when you run over it.Now that I 'm nearing the 3-year mark , Ive found that the cutting height detent does n't tend to hold the deck well anymore -LRB- a small bump and you wo n't realize it has dropped until you 've scalped a nice strip in the yard ! -RRB- . The handle is very flimsily attached to the body and does n't have a solid feel at all . There is no padding on the handle , so the black paint is all but gone after countless hours in my sweat-soaked palms . The handle 's non-adjustable height makes it strenuous for me to mow , since it 's below my waist level -LRB- ie , out of my normal `` plane of push '' with my elbows and shoulders -RRB- . If you 've got a small yard , with very little landscaping , you 're under about 5 ' 10 '' , and you do n't expect this thing to last a decade , it will be fine for you . I 've decided that the flexibility , portability , wider swath , and longevity of a gas mower -- even at this low price point -- is worth the extra maintenance .
 I 'm a big fan of the electric mower . I love using mine for what it provides in ease of use and the environment.I do not recommend buying this lawn mower however .1 . There is a plastic fan attached to the blade that breaks .2 . I wish I had bought a cordless one.The main reason I would not buy this lawn mower is there is a fan underneath the chasis connected to the blade.This fan is to cool the system and balance the blade . The problem is , it is plastic . Brittle plastic.I 've had my MM575 for about 6 months . Within a week , a dog squeeky toy got under the mower and broke some fins off the plastic blade . It started a mild wobble witch worried me , but was not drastic enough to warrent ordering a new fan piece . This last weekend , a twig broke the fan in half . Not a log , not a rock , just a simple twig . Now the balance is out of control and I will not use it for fear of the blade flying off . So I have to either order a new plastic fan , or buy a different lawn mower . I did look and the cordless ones from Black & Decker do not have a plastic fan on the bottom , so I am thinking about getting one of those , but do I really want to buy a more expensive product from a company that puts brittle plastic on the underside of a lawn mower ... ? The part number for the fan on the MM575 is 241125-00Black and Decker 241125-00 Fan MM Series Electric MowersThe cord can be quite the pain . Moving , pulling , tugging , getting it out of the way .
 As a stay at home mom to a 1yr old I never thought I 'd be using the words `` love '' and `` lawn mower '' in the same sentence ... however when it worked I did LOVE my new electric mower . My husband travels alot for work , when he 's home he uses his old gas mower , nosey , smelly , pain in the butt if you ask me , gas mower ... I 've never touched it ! When he is n't home I have 2 options , let the grass get out of control or find a way to mow it while keeping my 1yr old happy ... so I ordered a corded power mower ! It was so light , the cord was no big deal , there was NO GAS or smells , it was n't that loud . . in fact it was so wonderful that the first time I used it I strapped my 1yr old into her backpack carrier and she actually fell ASLEEP while I mowed the lawn , I was in mommy bliss . ** UPDATE Summer 2008 ** I 've edited my original review , previously it mentioned that on the 2nd use the mower died and I was crushed . Amazon quickly sent me out a replacement which is still going strong . Gas prices are nuts now , but with my electric mower its one less thing to worry about . Great mower , if you have a large yard I 'd recommend a cordless as the cord takes some getting used to , but it 's not impossible to figure out .
 This was a great product for the first 5 months . I loved how easy it was to start compared to pull cord gas mowers . The motor was weaker than a regular mower and it took some experience to deal with the cord , but I was very happy with how the yard looked . It was strong enough to deal with tall Saint Augustine grass . Going slowly in the thickest areas and overlapping each pass had nice , even results .2 years later and I hate this mower . I have never been more angry or frustrated at anything until today 's mowing . The safety lever power switch refused to conduct electricity , so I had to hold it as tight as humanly possible to the right to keep the machine on . It was very annoying to have the mower shut down every 25 seconds when I just wanted to mow the yard and get the job over with.There 's no way to inspect or repair the power switch because it uses strange fasteners that do n't work with regular screwdrivers . I 'm tempted to bypass the switch and hardwire an extension cord in , but that would defeat the purpose of the safety device . I do n't see how it 's safe for the existing design to repeatedly fill the operator , expecting a simple power switch to function , with the rage , fury , and disappointment of equipment failure at random times . I do n't like experiencing Donald Duck / Incredible Hulk levels of anger , especially since I felt fine right before mowing . There 's no outlet for the anger except to yell at the stupid machine or get physically violent . The Lawn Hog imprisons the user in a no-win scenario . It blocks lawn mowing ! A seething customer is a sign of a low quality product.The plastic deck collects grass . This is a huge design flaw . It is pointless to have dry bits of grass clogging the interior of the machine , then have lots of bizarre hex / flat head / pointy cornered combination screws to deal with to open it for cleaning . When I wiped the deck with a towel to get the clippings and dust off before storage , new bits of grass INSTANTLY reappeared from inside and landed where I wiped . So cleaning was a pointless ordeal of meaningless frustration . The clippings had static electricity too , so they really clung to the plastic , making wiping and rewiping difficult and ultimately futile . The situation led to more anger . I think that 's the opposite feeling consumer products should generate . I 'd much rather be calm and satisfied . I doubt Black & Decker can deliver such feelings.The little square that goes between the blade and motor is made of weak , flexible plastic , so it has to be replaced . No store sells them , so I suppose I have to make a special order from the web with $ 8 shipping on a $ 0.25 part . I hate modern products . There is no advantage for the consumer . They 're all flawed by design and designed not to be fixed , just replaced at great expense . I ca n't stand such waste . It is futile . Black & Decker has taught me not to purchase things because I know they will all be very , very bad.Why get emotional over a lawn mower ? I did n't want to . I just wanted to mow the yard without dealing with the rage and fury of pointlessly futile and painful efforts to get a gas mower to turn on with a pull cord . I guess the product manufacturers of this world are incapable of delivering heavy duty equipment with reliable on / off power systems controlled by the user . I have learned such things are a distant and receding dream of a futuristic technological utopia . There are no signs of improvement I have been able to detect in this once humble area of technology . I must accept that all products in the marketplace are built to fail and shut off on their own.Do not buy this product . It is fatally flawed and not good for cutting grass . It 's cheap and flimsy . The designers , engineers , assembly line workers , factory managers , parts suppliers , retailers , and corporate executives behind it ought to be ashamed . I hate this thing !!!
 Positives :1 -RRB- Quiet . I could keep a conversation with my son while mowing .2 -RRB- Easy to Operate . Just pull the handle and push . Anybody can operate this mower .3 -RRB- Easy to Transport . It is real easy to pull the handle off and put it in the trunk of a car if you need to take it anywhere .4 -RRB- No gas/oil . Just plug in the electric cord and go . Great for smaller yards , but when you start getting a distance from the outlet , cord management can become infuriating.Negatives :1 -RRB- Here is the BIG ONE !!! As a kid , my father only owned two mowers . The first lasted over ten years and the second is still going . Not only did these mow his good sized yard on a regular basis , but it also supported several summers where I made a good chunk of change mowing the neighbor 's yards . This one by Black & Decker lasted two years and never turned on again . I would expect lawn mowers to last longer and this one barely made it past the warranty . The saddest thing is that this mower never got used much ... I can only imagine what it would do if I was mowing more than my little lawn . This is what causes me to rank the mower very low .2 -RRB- Corners . If you have grass in a corner , this lawn mower is n't going to get it at all . Use a weed wacker . I suspect there is a lot of wasted space under the hood of this mower .3 -RRB- The Cord . What a pain , especially when you are mowing near the outlet . Be careful not to run over it . I 'm not going to fault Black & Decker , but electric mowers in general , for the difficulties a cord can cause.Will I buy an electric mower again ? Not for a large yard , but maybe for something less than 500 square feet . It is pretty nice to not have to put gas in it.Would I buy this brand again ? Well , Black & Decker is normally a name I can trust but they really struck out on this one for me . I was equally disappointed by the lack of help from their customer support . So , unfortunately , the answer is no .
 Light weight is good , easy to manuever ... but , it also vibrates quite strongly and can be annoying to hold on to . One other thing ... the cord . Mower instructions suggest that a 100 foot cord can be used and should be 12 guage . Problem is , that guage cord does not fit the cord minder , so cord tends to vibrate out of the socket . A simple little plastic clamp could have been included to keep the cord from falling out .
 i 've owned b & d ; electric mowers since the early nineties.i still have an older `` green '' model that works , but since i bought a new model MM575 , i 've had to replace it twice . the motor has burned out on all 3 new mowers.i can only blame myself for buying this mower 3 times in 5 years . i 'm back to using my 20 year old model that 's still going strong.B & D ; has been willing to replace the motor , but i 'd have to pay for shipping and repair . it was cheaper , each time to just buy a new mower on sale either here on amazon or at my local sears hardware store.not anymore . i 'm done buying b & d ; tools . they 've obviously stopped making quality products and are just saturating the marketplace with cheap crap !!!!
 We bought this B&D ; MM575 when we moved into a new house four years ago . Within a year I had tied off the wheel adjustment with a piece of rope , since , by that time , the slightest bump would cause it to re-adjust itself to the lowest setting ... the spring holding the adjustment lever had gotten soft , apparently . This year , everything went south ... the fan above the cutting blade had lost several of its blades , and the cutting blade itself was having a hard time staying secure . Last week the discharge cover fell off , and we never located the hinge pin , which had somehow worked loose and disappeared . This week , the blade can no longer be tightened , and I 'm off to replace the mower.Admittedly , we have a bumpy yard , and my wife seriously hit a root with it a bit ago , contributing to the blade problems . But still , 4 years is n't a long enough life span for a mower , and it has proved to be far from maintenance free - one of the main selling points of an electric . I will buy another electric -LRB- for environmental reasons -RRB- , but am switching brands to see if anything out there is better .
 I 've used this mower four times . First time out , loved it . Ran beautifully , easy to maneuver , cord a minor nuisance I could easily live with . Second time out , still loved it . Third time , the love started to diminish , as the slightest bump would jostle it enough to drop it to the lowest cutting level , effectively scalping the lawn . Fourth time out , it died 1/3 of the way through the job . I thought maybe it was jammed , cleared out some clippings , but no luck restarting . I 'll try it again , see if it can be repaired , but if this one requires replacement I would not choose this mower again . Next time I 'll choose either a cordless or gas model ... the cord is n't so bad during the mowing process , but it 's surprisingly heavy to lug around .
 `` Usually ships in 24 hours '' is n't accurate . After 1 week from my order , Amazon is predicting another two weeks before shipping.While it 's nothing to do with Amazon , I 'm particularly disgusted that my local retailer , a large national chain -LRB- HD -RRB- , does n't even stock this item . My grass is getting pretty tall .
 Hola , Beware of this seller.First of all they sent the wrong blade which did n't fit.They they failed to acknowledge this fact and insisted that I pay for return postage . Next after a week I finally learn they return 7 dollars out of a 20 dollar purchase even though the blade was in fine shape . I was hit with a '' 50 percent restocking fee `` How anti customer can you get?Short sighted people will always struggle to keep customers.Jerbo
 Just bought the mower - so no need -LRB- yet -RRB- for the replacement blade , which was supplied in a manufacturers box 19 `` x2 `` x2 '' ; but , was SHIPPED in a box -LRB- B05 -RRB- which is 22 `` x5 .5 `` x15 '' -- and FILLED with paper ` packaging ' ! At first , I really did n't think there was anything IN it , BUT paper ! Then , I received a 100 ' extension cord , by itself , in your another smaller -LRB- Z3 -RRB- box - which could have accommodated BOTH items ! Shame on Amazon ! That 's just NOT the way to do it anymore !!!!!
 This mower has a few significant design flaws . The on-switch is a pinch hazzard . When my old electric mower died after 20 years , I ordered this one . In the MM275 's first use , my right palm was pinched at least 4 or 5 times by the dead-man 's switch lever -LRB- and I was never pinched by my old one -RRB- . The lever is just too small and cheap , but is the perfect size to provide pretty healthy pinches . The handle does n't fold , so moving it in and out of the basement is cumbersome . And , the front edge of the mower is at least 6 inches away from the blade , making it impossible to cut close to anything in front of the mower .
 Worked great for the first three weeks . Then one saturday pugged it in and nothing ... Trying to find out what the best way to take it back is now ...
 This replaced a Black and Decker model that I had for 18 years that was great . I regret not trying to get that one repaired , but I knew parts had n't been available for years so I threw it out.I feel strongly about not buying things made in China . This is made in Mexico , not USA and is poorly designed and made.The bodies of most mowers are very high now . This was the only model that fit under my work bench which is where I have to store it . It does n't cut close which means extra work with the trimmer . The grass bag is small and hard to attach unless you have 3 hands . I do n't like side bags , but did n't have a choice . The handle does n't flip up for storage . It has to be removed which involves me sitting on the mower while I compress the handles with my legs and pull it out with my hands . It does n't have cushioned grips so I added pipe insulation foam for the vibration . The handle is too low so I 'm slightly stooped -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 8 '' -RRB- when using . It was hard to find a cord because it 's 2-proged and 3-pronged cords wo n't fit the receptacle shroud.Now after 2 years the height adjustment keeps slipping to the lowest setting . I have to readjust every few feet.Avoid this junk .
 I purchased my first new home in April and guess what comes with a new home
 We bought this mower about two years ago . I was cutting our grass this evening when suddenly the mower quit . Smoke started billowing up from the motor housing . We have a small yard and hours of usage over the last couple of years has been minimal . I have regularly cleaned and maintained the mower . I thought it would be awhile before I would be shopping for another lawn mower . Guess not . I can tell you one thing . My next mower will not be a Black and Decker .
 I 've owned two Black & Decker electric mowers in six years , and I 've gone through three motors in that time . Two motors burned out , and the third broke its housing . I do n't abuse them -- they 're just not built to last . I really like the idea of electric mowers , but Black & Decker does n't build very good ones . My next mower will use gas , or at least wo n't be a Black & Decker .
 I 've had the displeasure of having no other choice but to use this lawnmower to my lawn this season and let me tell you that it 's almost unbearable . Granted the quality of this product is in fact quite good so I wo n't give it a one star review , but the concept is totally brain damaged . Whoever thought that tethering a lawnmower to a wall outlet was a good idea obviously has n't thought it through very much - imagine going over your entire yard with a vacuum cleaner - yeah , it 's that bad . The cord will invariably get caught on something and constantly gets in the way of the user requiring them to cast it away every 8 or so feet , and of course the possibility of getting electrocuted for running the damn thing over just makes it even worse . This product is really only suitable for very small yards with very few or no obstacles , though if you have a yard like that then you 're better off buying a high quality manual lawn mower - there 's so much less to go wrong and it 'll last longer .
 We enjoy several Black and Decker yard tools . But any corded electric lawn mower requires cumberson 180 degree turns to accomodate the cord . Cut out the cord and cut your time in half .
 I have thi product little bit more than one year . First year everything was good and perfect . I was so happy !!! But it was not too long . My little mashine on second year did bring me a lot of problems and big headache . It 's really made very cheaply.If you do n't want each year buy new lawnmower forget for buying this one ...
 If it cant cut in wet grass , what do you do in late summer when the morning dew doesnt dry up because the days arent as hot ? Im afraid that , like my Push Reel mower , it 'll be another waste of money . I bought that but found out that if i dont cut my lawn every two days or so , its too tall for it to cut -LRB- pushes the grass over instead of cutting -RRB- so I have been using the good old craftsman gas mower again . . what happens if your lawn is damp ? will it cut it or will you get shocked ? all my plugs are GFI so they would `` POP '' before I died or anything ... I hope . . lol Thanks !
 I bought the Black And Decker MM275 based only on an Amazon recommendation . Within minutes of using this lawn mower I knew that my purchase of the MM275 was a mistake.Cons : * The bar height is not adjustable . I 'm 5 ' 11 '' , and the bar is below my waist , which is uncomfortable . * The power switch is mushy soft plastic , like a chew toy for a dog . This essential part feels like it will break within a year , and reviews of similar Black And Decker lawn mowers say that it does . * The power connector does n't have a lock or clip , so the power cord falls out . You 'll need to tape or glue the power cord to the switch housing . * The motor is under-powered . I had to mow my lawn twice to get an even cut . * The shroud has a big nose . You ca n't do edges with this mower.Pros : * Very light . You can mow with one hand .
 Basic lawn mower , low noise , good for beginners , single handle height adjustment is good.But build quality is strictly ok . Grass is not always cut evenly but then it maybe because I am a beginner.Handle does n't fold in so storage in shed is an issue.I wish the front or back tires had turn capability because maneuvering this is a pain .
 I 'm the grandma here and just wanted a small , lightweight , electric mower to mow inside the small courtyard at our front door . Upon first use , -LRB- 1 -RRB- the height adjustment setting would not maintain any setting when I pushed the mower forward or back so the mower body always dropped down to its lowest setting , scalping circles in the grass . -LRB- 2 -RRB- I had to take the mower to the Black and Decker local Service Center -LRB- 45 miles away -RRB- to fix the height-adjusting mechanism . It was covered by warranty , but my mileage and time was n't . A week later and -LRB- 3 -RRB- after another road trip for pickup , I tried cutting grass again . I reread the directions and found -LRB- 4 -RRB- I still needed to install the Shroud Hole Covers which is impossible for me to do . -LRB- Shroud Hole Covers protect the plastic body from the downward pressure of the metal handles . -RRB- -LRB- 5 -RRB- The installation instructions are unclear and confusing , and -LRB- 6 -RRB- even after working on it I could n't get the covers to fit . Unless I make another 90-mile round trip to the Service Center -LRB- 7 -RRB- I 'll have to mow without the covers in place - which will increase wear and tear on the mower body -LRB- where the handles pass through the plastic , now unprotected body -RRB- . -LRB- 8 -RRB- I should have returned the mower when the problems first appeared . I did n't , and now `` I own it . '' -LRB- 9 -RRB- That 's $ 180.00 I could have better used elsewhere !
 I 've had this mower for 2 years . I 've had it repaired twice . The first year the switch broke . By the second year , the brushes were worn out and needed to be replaced . Each time the wait for parts took 3-4 weeks and I had to borrow a mower repeatedly from a friend while I waited . Luckily I live in a big city and there were actually authorized repair shops only about 20 minutes away . If you do n't , you my be in for an unpleasant surprise when you need service . I have spoken to customer service at Black and Decker several times and received conflicting information about the warranty and whether such fast wear on the brushes is normal . The warranty is up in a few weeks and then I will have to pay for the next fix myself . I do n't know if I will pay to repair it or pitch it out . I thought these electric 's would be less trouble than gasoline engines , but I was very wrong about this model .
 What I like about this mower
 I was surprised that the mower was defective . My problem though as I did not unpack it and use it right away . THe time to return has passed . I ordered this one because I had no problem with another mower the same make . It worked for five years but burned up last year . If you buy , unpack and try it right away . Hope you have good luck .
 Initially we loved this quiet , easy to use mower . But less then 2 years later the mechanism in the handle used to start and keep the mower going does not work . Since it is all enclosed we will have to break it open to try to fix it .
 Strengths
 I received the Black & Decker LM175 Electric Lawn mower . I used it for 10 minutes and it broke down . I was not able to return this mower because I threw out the box that it was shipped in . I took it to the Black & Decker service center and was told that I damaged the lawn mower by running over a rock . I did not run over a rock . The grass that I cut was level and free of rocks . It took 15 days for the lawn mower to be repaired . It is now in working order.My previous Black & Decker electric lawn mower lasted 5 years without any problems . It was made in the United States . The defective model that I received was made in Mexico.Best regards , Bill B.
 I ca n't believe I only used this once and it died . I bought it late summer last year , and yes , maybe I should have used it sooner within the return window so I could have tried replacing it but no , I used my old mower and kept the new one for this summer . Big mistake . It did a great job mowing my yard right up until it died . I checked the cord and power sources , checked for mulch jams , nothing apparently wrong , just dead as a doornail . My old Black & Decker electric mower worked for 3 years and died . I 've been avoiding the gas machines because of the fumes and difficult starts but I 'm starting to feel like I 'm renting , not buying electric mowers . Very disappointed .
 First let me start by saying that this mower is very light , really easy to use and does a very good job . Now for the bad news . About 20 minutes into mowing my yard I stopped to pick up a stick and when I tried to start the mower again it would n't start . Like a big dummy I called the Black and Decker support number rather than Amazon and was directed to a local authorized repair shop . I took it there that day , was told that I 'd have it back in less than a week and now 2.5 months later the part to fix it -LRB- apparently a part in the motor quit working -RRB- is still on back order with no foreseeable fix date in the near future.I am sure that if I would have called Amazon instead they would have shipped out a replacement that very same day -LRB- they are awesome at that sort of thing -RRB- but since I did n't I have been without the mower for the whole summer . Unfortunately grass does n't stop growing just because your mower breaks , so I had to go purchase another one . I 'm not sure what I 'll do when I do finally get it back -LRB- if I ever do -RRB- , but I 'll have two mowers then.If it had n't broke so easily I am sure I would have given it 4 or 5 stars , but as it stands I am really disheartened with the purchase .
 We used it for our ~ 2000 sq ft yard . We store it in the garage when not in use . Used it for ~ 25 times , but it stopped working all the sudden . We expected a longer life span than this . The warranty is only 2 years . We are not satisfied .
 The lawn mower stopped working about a 11 months of use . Our lawn is medium/large and it seemed the lawn mower could handle the lawn with no problems . Suddenly today it just stopped working -LRB- confirmed this was not an electrical cord or outlet issue ... yes its the lawn mower that stopped . -RRB- Our lawn is not a huge thick lawn either - its average for Florida . Last week it was smoking so we should have taken that as a sign of the end .
 We prefer the convenience of an electric mower over the heavier , more maintenance-intensive gasoline powered mowers.Black & Decker is by far the best of the electric mowers
 I had this mower for a long time . I think 4 years or so . I HATE IT . IT IS TOO BULKY , HEAVY AND TOO MUCH TROUBLEMANAGING THE CORD WHILE MOWING THE LAWN . WISH I COULD SELL IT AND GET A SMALLER MOWER.I MOW A SMALL LAWN IN THE CITY . 2 SMALL STRIPS AND A SMALL AREA UNDER MY WINDOW.AN ELECTIRIC MOWER TETHERED TO THE CORD IS NOT WORTH THE PROBLEMS
 It produced a lot of smoke and it 's completely dead after one year of purchase . Basically , it was used less than once per month in the summer . What a crap !!
 I bought this exact mower in Jan. 2007 , was very pleased with it and used it about once a week for half an hour to do my yard . Hardly what anyone would call a tough work-out for a mower . It worked for the summers of 2007 and 2008 and then made it through about a month of 2009 before the motor went . Since it only had a 2 year warranty , that was the end . I 've had cheapie gas mowers that lasted for 15 years , so for me this was a pretty lousy investment .
 This rating reflects my experience only with Amazon , not the mower , which based on reviews is a fine product.I ordered and paid for a new mower . When it arrived today , the exterior of the box was in rough shape , which of course could have been due to shipping . But when I opened the box it appeared to have been shipped -LRB- and rejected -RRB- before . The mower had obviously been removed and haphazardly thrown back into the box . The handle and other parts had scratches , and the manual was actually folded and placed in a crevice next to one of the wheels , with no plastic cover . In fact , there was no sign of any of the usual excessive packaging -LRB- plastic bags , crumpled paper -RRB- at all , another sure sign it had been opened before.While I do n't mind ordering an open box on occasion , as I have with Amazon , I do expect the fact to be disclosed and to receive the discount . Neither occurred here , and it 's on its way back tomorrow .
 Difficult to fnd a power cord to work with the mower . Mower was moderately light in difficulty to assemble .
 I can not believe it . The lawnmower caught fire during its first use . Black and Deck has yet to honor its 2 year warranty . They have had a record of denying the warranty . My last lawnmower a MM1800 died in 11/2 years after three failures . Black and Decker would not honor their 2 year warranty . It would have cost me more than the original cost of the lawnmower to repair it.So I gave Black and Decker a second chance . I purchased a LM175 lawnmower to replace the one that they would not grant a warranty settlement to . Incredibly the first time I mowed the lawn it began to smoke . Smoke poured out of the mower and nearly caught the grass on fire.Since Black and Decker has been making their lawnmowers in Mexico , the quality has really deteriorated . I used to get about 10 years of service from the previous lawnmowers .
 Within a minute of using my lawn mower it just stopped and I smelled smoke , engine caught on fire . I must have go a dud but I do n't want to just exchange it for another to just not work again . Returning it through amazon today .
 This product only worked for about 15 minutes and died . I could not turn the lawnmower back on and have tested the exttension cord I was using . The extension cord is good . I have called Black and Decker and they instructed to to a repair shop which is an hour from my house . I called them and they gave me a hard time because I bought this item through Amazon and I decided I did not want to deal with a company and drive an hour each way that was giving me a hard time on the phone.I contacted Black and Decker again and requested a new lawnmower . I told them I was afraid that this was a lemon and I did not want to deal with the repair shop because of their attitude . I thought the product should have preformed better . My problem has been escalated and I was supposed to receive a call back from managment yesterday and I am still waiting for that call . I have a bad feeling about this .
 This mower is cheaply built and flimsy . After only moving 6 times with it , the motor seized . I took it into a Black & Decker repair facility and they informed me that the magnet in the motor had shattered and that it was not covered by their warranty . Then they informed me it wold cost $ 79 - $ 100 to fix . So I say to all you shoppers out there in the market for an electric mower , pass this one up .
 Its a nice idea , electric power.I got this and the extra side bag to suck up the trimmings.Problem is the side bag gets knocked off all the time.Also , this thing has no power.I have to lift it up , let it get speed , and drop it on the grass when its thick.Even then it sometimes stops.Sharpening the blades helps , but it needs about double the power.It might work on think fescue or somethign , but the burmuda stops it cold .
 Black & Decker Lawn Hog 19-Inch Electric Mulching Mower with Rear Bag #MM 875Veery disappointed ! I am a seniror citizen , and my review may reflect my age , but Ill go back to my old gas , self-propelled mower tomorrow!I found it difficult to push , difficult to manuever the cord , it kept dying if I cut more than a 8 '' wide path of grass , grass spewed out from catcher -LRB- yes , it was firmly seated -RRB- , was NOT quiet ... as loud as my old gas except for the initial start-up . The only thing I liked about it was the easy start .
 I bought this from Amazon last Nov 2009 to mulch the fallen leaves on my quarter acre lot as well as to mow the lawn . I got the right size 100 foot extension cord . On first use I went over some protruding tree roots and the blade hacked into the underside . So the roots must 've caused the blade to angle up into the deck . I unplugged and used a hack saw to remove the half inch thick and about 10 inches long part of the deck that got sliced and was hanging down . The mower still worked OK so I used it 7 more times this season . Near the end of June 2010 I was cutting in the mulching position and noticed the motor slowing down . So I did what I always did . I pushed down on the handle to lift the front end so the motor could regain speed and then I proceeded . Well this time the circuit breaker tripped at the electrical panel inside . I reset the breaker and made sure I had power at the end of the extension cord . But when I tried to run the mower the motor would not run and the circuit breaker would trip again . I took it to the service center . About 10 days later the service center called and told me that Black & Decker voided my warranty . End of story . So I 'll not buy another Black & Decker product since they wo n't even honor their two year warranty on this mower . I told the service center to go ahead and dispose of the mower for me and thanked them for trying . I 've since purchased a Lehr propane powered mower and so far so good with that . I also bought it from -LSB- ... -RSB- . You can check it out at -LSB- ... -RSB-
 THE UNIT IS UNDERPOWERED . THE DESIGN IS VERY POOR , DOES NOT NOT HAVE ENOUGH SUCTION TO PULL ALL THE GRASS INSIDE THE BAG.unit unit was delivered with screws missing .
 Good for small yards with short and thin grass , it gets weak when the grass gets tall or thick and wants to die .
 I have owned Black and Decker electric mowers for 28 years . The first one I bought used for $ 25 and it lasted for twenty years . The second one -LRB- MM675 -RRB- lasted four and the engine belched gray smoke . I used the MM875 in October 2008 to mulch leaves-fair , not great at that-then it belched gray smoke this June 2009 . I HATE the height adjustment lever on this one-it is very hard to see-and strongly recommend if you do Black and Decker you find a model with a simple lever you can see to adjust height settings . The other problem was the design of the mulching bag . I got several deep cuts on my arm until I figured out how to work around its poor design . I am giving up on this company , for they seem to be making junk . Shame-they used to have a quality product .
 Loved this mower when it arrived , and it worked beautifully . I loved not needing gas , it was quiet when running and very easy to push.One week after its arrival , I ran over a rock that was half buried in tall grass . The rock forced the blade into the plastic under carriage , slicing a chunk of plastic loose from the bottom and binding the blade . The mower was left inoperable . Black and Decker offered to repair the problem at no charge . Their fix consisted of applying glue to the sliced plastic part so it would n't hang down and catch on the blade . Not pretty , but it worked.Today , I hit another rock . Same thing happened in a different place on the under carriage , and again , the mower is inoperable . I have n't decided what to do yet.Bottom line ... mowers DO occasionally hit rocks . It happens , no matter how careful you are . I can accept damage to the mower blade , but destruction of the mower itself should not be so easily accomplished.As far as I can tell , all electric mowers are built with plastic mowing decks , which I think is a big mistake . It does make them lighter , which is great , but there 's a lot of potential for high speed impacts in this area , and plastic is n't nearly as durable as metal .
 The problem with this mower is its badly designed motor/drive-train . After mowing for a couple of months , I ran over some hard object that caused nasty shock to the blades . The result of this was that the motor housing was dislodged and the brushes did not align properly anymore with the contacts . Basically the misalignment was causing a partial short . Sparks and smoke coming out of the engine . So I took the motor apart and tried to realign the top of the housing so the brushes were aligned properly with the contacts . I discovered that it is practically impossible to get the proper alignment back . This is the first point of bad design
 The mower was pretty good for 1.5 seasons . It did not cut as cleanly as gas mower - the mowed grass looked ragged and there were quite a few missed clumps . The mower did not seem to generate the suction to lift and cut flattened grass . The motor burned out last week . To be fair our grass is abnormally tall and thick this year . I could hear the motor laboring , smelled the electical smoke-smell , then it just died . I had hoped it was just a circuit breaker , but nooo , none of those on this puppy ... Never again . I bought a gas mower .
 It works , I mean it cuts your grass . If your grass is low , and there are n't many trees in your yard , and your yard is small , and you want to save a few bucks on a mower . But then again you 're dragging an extension cord around your yard and it really struggles on tall grass . I bought a nice john deere mower and I could n't give my electric one away . I should mention that the snap cap holding the left rear wheel fell of and I had to go to Home Depot to find one that would work .
 I expected this electric to outperform the gutless electric I bought about 20 years ago , since it was the highest rated electric in Consumer Reports , and hoping electric lawnmower technology had improved over the years . It was gutless as ever and I had to go over the same ground three times to cut down the tallish dandlelion stems . Should have bought gas , period .
 The motor commutator completely destructed after about ten usages on a small lawn . This type of failure just should not occur . We have had problems with Black and Decker irons failing prematurely . I think that Black and Decker is not what it used to be in terms of quality . I plan to junk it , take the loss , and buy another brand .
 I 've used only corded electric mowers since I bought my first house with a lawn in 1986 , and I do like Black & Deckers . I bought the MM875 because of its high rating in Consumer Reports.The MM875 is probably a good choice for someone who prefers bagging their clippings . Looks like a good system for doing that.But I 'm a dedicated mulcher used to a far more nimble machine . I found the MM875 to be a heavy and rather unwieldy monster . After one trip around my 1/12th of an acre , I packed it back into the box , ate the $ 40 return shipping charge , and returned it to Amazon which promptly refunded my purchase price minus the shipping cost . I then bought Black and Decker 's MM575 , a mower with the same size motor and a slightly smaller blade -LRB- by one inch -RRB- . But the MM575 's weight was considerably less , and I found it far more maneuverable . About the only negative is that the MM575 's engine noise is slightly louder than the MM875 's . I purchased the MM575 through a vendor listed at B&D ; 's website -- sadly , Amazon 's price was not the best , and the vendor from Mississippi came through with the MM575 in quick order.Ultimately , I 'm not sure buying a lawn mower over the Internet is the best way , since one ca n't get a feel for the machine beforehand , and return shipping is costly . That said , I 'm sure glad I could use Amazon 's return shipping rate . Shipping back the mower via my own personal Fedex Ground or UPS account would have cost at least twice as much !
 I purchased this mower from Amazon.com in March 2010 . It is my first experience with an electric mower , but I have a lifetime with gas mowers of all kinds.For my lawn , it appears to have enough power but it is certainly less than the gas mower it replaced . Doing the numbers -LRB- very loosely -RRB-
 Bought this mower to replace a Toro 18 '' electric that worked great for 18 years -LRB- but they do n't make it anymore -- what are you thinking Toro ? -RRB- . The B&D ; lasted 1-1/2 years of weekly summer use before the motor burned out completely . Not recommended . I guess I 'll be trying the Neuton EM 5.1 next in my quest to replace the Toro -LRB- once again -- are you listening , Toro ? -RRB- Sigh.On the plus side , this did an acceptable cutting job on moderate-length grass , mulching was mostly good on shorter grass , and it did have a more powerful motor than the Toro . The height adjustment worked great , and the cord management was all right once I trained myself to slide the cord holder and hold onto the cord with the appropriate hand .
 First , the good .1 . Does n't need gas2 . Does n't need oil3 . I liked the wheel adjustment.Now the not so good : The deck or blade housing is designed primarily to provide cooling for the motor . There 's a small fan on the bottom of the shaft that helps with the airflow but it detracts from the efficiency of grass collecting.As a result , grass collection suffers.The deck design is close to the ground in front and it pushes the grass down ; the result being an uneven cutting.The mesh in the collection bag is course enough to let small clippings and dust flow through . If you wait until the grass is dry enough to cut , you will usually get a lot of dust . If you try to cut grass while it 's still damp , the mower does n't have quite enough power.The current draw on the motor , 12 amps , requires a large wire size extension cord , preferably a minimum of 14 gauge but the method of securing the cord to the mower requires a small cord.More poor engineering .
 I bought this mower a couple of years ago and have given up on it . It has trouble with grass over a few inches high . Most importantly , it does n't bag properly and one constantly finds oneself stopping the mower to unclog the attachment .
 This is a beautiful mower with a serious Achilles ' heel
 The mower as a mulching mower is fine . I found no problems with cutting the grass but it gets zero stars with the bagger . The mower has a small hole that shoots the grass into the BOTTOM of the bag . The bag can not get more than 1/3 full and the small chute plugs with the slightest of wet grass.I do n't understand how this passed the factory engineering department . I looked at all the electric mowers at Home Depot and they were all the same . I went to Sears and found a mower .
 My husband and I both really liked this mower in the beginning . It 's lightweight , easy enough for me to use and fairly quiet compared to gas mowers . I also liked the fact we did n't have to keep gas around since we have a small child . However , we have only had the mower for 3 years and the motor just died yesterday . Really not worth the money . I would spend more to get a better quality mower . Now we have to buy a whole new one because the warranty is past .
 I bought this mower on May 7th , 2004 - it conked out today -LRB- Sep 12th , 2004 -RRB- . Mowing every other week , that comes to about 10-15 times that I 've used this thing . Worked fine while it was `` alive '' , but that 's not the quality I expected from B&D . Now comes the fun part of figuring out how to exchange / fix this product ... most of the reviews I read before ordering this product seemed to be from happy customers , but my experience has been otherwise . Now I have to leave my yard un-mowed until I get a replacement ...
 I have owned this model for 1.5 years - the cutting quality is almost comparable with a gas model -LRB- using a 50ft coarse gauge cord -RRB- . HOWEVER , last week the mower quit working . After pulling the cover off the electric motor , I noticed that the armature had shredded itself - contact plates had come loose and the wiring unwound and got cut . This was all the excuse I needed to go back to a gas model . I will not purchase another Black and Decker electric product as a result of this poor quality . I do n't have the original receipt , so I believe I am out of luck.Pros : - Used weekly , mower is able to cut grass with one pass . Shredding of grass blades is minimized - cuts cleanly.-Mulching mode works very well.-Minding the electric cord with a small lawn is very easy.-No fussing with gas , pull starting , exhaust , noise , etc.-very light and easy to pushCons : - No reliability !! 1.5 year life span is unacceptable . I see others have had reliability issues as well.-Lacks the power of a gas mower and therefore does n't make quite as clean a cut - but very acceptable . Taller grass -LRB- more than 1 week 's growth -RRB- requires two passes , unlike a good gas mower.-Catch bag does n't work well . Use in mulching mode weekly for best results.If you purchase this mower , keep your receipt ! You will most likely be satisfied as long as it keeps working .
 Mower Work fine for 3 years . Now it continues to stall out . Have sharpened and balanced the blade several times . Have cleaned the grass out of the bottom.Still does not work . Called B@D to get help . They told me to take the mower to a service shop in the Bay Area . -LRB- I live in Nevada -RRB- . I asked to talk to someone in the service dept. The request was refused . I believe there is a problem with the engine but I am not going to travel several hundrfed miles to get it fixed . I will toss the mower and find another company to deal with .
 This product performs as per the manufacturers specs . This is my first lawn mower and am unhappy with the product . I feel it takes too much effort to manage the electric wire while mowing . Definitely , the cordless brother of this unit -LRB- nearly $ 150 more -RRB- or a gas powered , elect start even , is a better choice . Used it for less than a month and already looking to swap this .
 I burchased the mower based on the reviews I saw on this and other websites recommending the product . But I was disappointed on first use . 30 seconds into using it , the motor started smelling like it was burning . I returned it the second day thinking the first one was a lemon . I tested a second one in the store , which also made the same smell . It amases me that this is not coming out in these reviewes . I wonder where at Black and Deckers these reviews are written .
 I would n't recommend this mower unless you are midget . There is no way to substantially adjust the height of the handle bar . If you are short , it will probably be fine , but otherwise , be prepared for a sore back . The one touch wheel adjustment would n't work at all - this was right out of the box . I do n't know how this thing runs , I am sending it back without even firing it up .
 Frankly , I do n't know why so many people like this mower and give it such high ratings . I bought it largely based on the rave reviews , and regret it for the last two years , not to mention the claims made by my wife that this is the worst research i did on buying a product - having a cord attached to a mower is simply a bad bad idea .
 I will make this short . The mower itself does a fine job for my small yard . I have purchased two of these over the past 4 years . In both instances the handle -LRB- that part that you pull to engage the motor -RRB- broke after two years -LRB- just when the warranty went out -RRB- . The first time I just disposed of the mower -LRB- not knowing where/how to repair -RRB- . This month -LRB- August -RRB- the same thing happened to my current model -LRB- the warranty expired this past May -RRB- . I did find an authorized dealer to repair it . It has been with them for 3 weeks -LRB- had to order the part -RRB- . Their receipt stated that the repair would not exceed $ 89.00 . Not sure what the actuall amount will end up being . It just seems strange that the same thing happend to both mowers . The quality of the handle apparatus needs to be addressed . I do like the idea of eletric . If I could find another manufacturer that offered one I would be more inclined to try another brand .
 I bought this mower for use on what I would consider as the `` largest yard you would want to tackle with an electric mower '' my lot is -LRB- 140 ft x 100 ft -RRB- . The Good - Virtually maintenance free -LRB- aside from keeping the deck clean -RRB- - Quiet - Does a good job if you are tackling a light mowing choreThe Bad - Broke after 1 year of use -LRB- luckily still under warranty now I 'm going back to a gas mower -RRB- - Not as powerful as I 'd hoped -LRB- I knew it would n't be as strong as a gas machine but it still seemed weak -RRB- - Blade dulls abnormally fastOther than the blade and durability issue I liked the mower . I suppose if you have a small lot and can use a short thick cord , and do n't intend to use it for medium-heavy mowing jobs , this mower may work for you . Otherwise buy a stronger gas powered mower .
 This mower only lasted three summers before the motor died . I bought it in the spring of 2009 and by the end of summer 2011 , it was useless . As others have noted , there is also a problem with it collecting clippings and the motor chokes if the grass is even slightly long . I live on an urban lot , so there is not a ton of grass for me to cut . I thought this would be a good green alternative for me , but will be purchasing a gas mower instead . Dealing with the cord does get annoying .
 The primary chassis is constructed of plastic that will flex if the blade strikes anything . In my case I struck a tree root -LRB- less than 1 '' diameter -RRB- and the blade swung up and embedded itself in the chassis . Unlike a gasoline engine that will stall when it strikes an object , the electric motor will continue to push so long as you hold the handle , cutting deeper into the chassis if you do not react quickly . A metal chassis would have flexed less and possibly deflected the blade . This and other electrics need a ` stall mechanism ' where the blade would disengage if too much resistance is encountered allowing the motor to spin freely rather than causing it continue to push the blade through the plastic.Note that the manual specifically says to make sure your yard is free from obstructions , which I did . Who would figure a small tree root would qualify as a mower destroying obstruction?It saddens me that I now have to tell friends I recommended this product to that I gave them bad advice .
 I had the same problem as another review , a contact plate came off of the commutator on my 2 year old mower . Either buy a new armature $ 118 or get a gas mower . Going to get a gas mower .
 Probably used it 15 times before the motor died . Which in my opinion is not very good considering that the size of my yard is minuscule.After that it took a few months to find a place to send it to , since it was still under warranty , the closest place to drive was Canada . Black and Decker was kind enough to send a box to mail it in , it came with directions ! Shortly thereafter we are called to be informed that the motor has burned out and this is not covered under the warranty . It is true that we are not greatest with lawn care and that yes we wait , perhaps a week longer than we should , to mow the grass . And because of this it can be pretty thick . But we adjust the mower and make more than one pass . Why should this cause the motor to burn out ?? I know it it electric , but really ... . It makes me want to go back to the noisy , gas guzzler , which we ended up having to borrow from the in laws to mow the grass the rest of the summer . Hooray ! So much for saving the environment !!
 We bought this mower 3 years ago . After the 1st season of use it needed major repairs , thankfully covered by warranty . It made it through a 2nd season , but conked out at the beginning of this summer . Left with little desire to fix a crappy piece of machinery , we instead bought a 19 '' YardMachines electric mower . The YardMachines mower is a WAY BETTER PRODUCT . The body is metal , the wheels are big which makes mowing easier , it has a clever cord keeper , and we are very happy with our new purchase . Do n't even consider the B&D - Check out YardMachines .
 This mower would not pick up all of the clippings . It would leave a trail on either side so I had to go over the grass twice -LRB- in the opposite direction -RRB- . I also have to empty the bag when it is 1/3 full otherwise more clippings spill out . The cutting swath is narrow so you 're already pushing the mower more than a 21 '' gas mower . Add the cord management and using this mower took me about 3-4 times longer to mow than with a gas mower.It also can not handle a damp or even slightly damp lawn . The discharge chute easily clogs.I got sick of taking 3-4 hours to mow my lawn and emptying the bag every time it got 1/3 full , so I got my money back and bought a gas mower .
 Pros
 The lawn mower does an adequate job on my lawn . It is a lot less convenient than my old gas mower . The cord is always in the way and at times the mower seems a little under powered .
 I had a similar model for about 15 years . My mother bought one two years ago . Both machines broke down in the same way . The motor shaft gets bent from hitting rocks or pieces of wood . Unrepairable for a price less than the cost of a new machine . This is a design problem that B&D needs to address . If you are extremely careful and do n't hit any thing hard , the mower should last a long time .
 I was going to buy another one of these on-line , but after reading several reviews I see other people had the same problem I did . They are OK for the first year , but these do not last . The eletric motor is not reliable . My yard is not that large , but I will go back to a gas model .
 I bought this mower to replace a Sears electric mower I had used with no problem until it failed after 41/2 years . The 2nd time I used the Black & Decker mower it shorted out . I have had B&D products in the past and thought I 'd be OK with their mower . Although it has a 2-year warranty and will probably be fixed , the multi-weeks hassle of going through their return process and waiting to get the mower back is intolerable . I 'm going back to Sears for a new mower and will sell the B&D as soon as I get it back , assuming it runs when I do get it .
 I was okay with the less powerful performance of this corded mower since I did n't have to use gasoline or store the mower with gasoline fumes in my basement . I was n't excited about dealing with the cord -LRB- which was an additional expense to get the recommended gauge in a long enough version -RRB- . However , the FOURTH time I used the mower , it DIED without warning after I had mowed just one quarter of my back yard . -LRB- We have n't had a lot of rain so I have n't needed to mow very often since the delivery of my mower on May 14th . -RRB- My yard is n't all THAT big and the grass is n't even that long.The return window expired as of June 14th and now that it is July 17th , I have the option to pay shipping -LRB- it 's pretty heavy -RRB- and return it for ` up to ' half of what I paid . That 's pretty poor -LRB- although I can understand the policy -RRB- . It did n't come with a manual and while I did ` pop the hood ' there was nothing to indicate why it died on me . No spark plugs , obviously.This is VERY annoying to have paid full price for something that lasted just 31/4 uses , and find that it is basically unreturnable unless I 'm satisfied to get back essentially ' up to ' $ 50 after shipping . I 'm going to check to see if the manufacturer has a 90-day warranty . One can hope .
 I made a mistake buying this mower . Your power cord will become your best friend when using it . To make matters worse - the motor is VERY weak , and stalls in grass four inches or higher.With the shipping being very expensive - you 'll be stuck with it if you buy this . The concept of an electric mower is a neat idea . But make sure you really want it , before ordering .
 I ordered this mower back in February , and it was delivered promptly , as I 've come to expect with Amazon . I took the mower out yesterday to mow my lawn for the first time this year , and I was dismayed to see how big it was . I had used a Black and Decker electric mower for the last three years and had had no problem with it until the plastic guard on the side broke . This new mower is heavy and cumbersome . The big advantage to me of having an electric mower is its light weight makes maneuvering it a breeze ; this mower negated that asset . This mower feels as heavy as the battery-powered mower I had tried in a local store . I am very unhappy with this product and am considering returning it , if I can do so after one use .
 I bought this lawnmower several years ago and just about everything that could break has broken . I hate to throw things away , but at this point I do n't believe it is worth salvaging . It worked great for the first few months . Then the mechanism that allows for height adjustment broke and could not be fixed so that it was frozen in a position that was not good for both large and small people in the household . The blade would come loose frequently which can be very dangerous . It actually flew completely off once . All of the pins holding the handle together have broken . Now , the motor chokes whenever the lawn has more than a few inches to cut -LRB- and we have recently had the blade sharpened -RRB- . The only way to cut the lawn is to push it on the two back wheels so that the front half elevated . If the front half comes in full contact with the lawn , it stalls or nearly stalls and I have to wait for it to ramp back up to speed before giving it another go . The neighbors chuckle and shake their heads when they see me struggling with this , not to mention with the cord . The vibrations in the handle are so bad that my hands tingle for some time after cutting the lawn . I will not buy another black and decker mower .
 This review is after about 1 month of useDefinitely purchase this item IF :1 -RRB- you do n't mind the engine bogging down at grass that is n't even tall -LRB- extremely weak motor -RRB- .2 -RRB- you like mowing the same spot at least 2 or 3 times in the same spot , in order to get a half-way clean cut -LRB- weak motor & dull blade -RRB- .3 -RRB- you do n't mind the opening to the bag clogging up when the bag is practically empty - which causes the machine to mulch iso bag -LRB- design flaw , probably due to the weak motor and bad design -RRB- . Will clog up on even slightly moist grass and you now have a mulching mower with hardly any cut grass actually going into the bag ! 4 -RRB- you like having to rake your lawn after each mowing -LRB- no fun . . -RRB- .5 -RRB- you like the narrow mowing width -LRB- for sure - not the listed 19 '' -RRB- .6 -RRB- and this is not to mention ALL The Problems with THE CORD !!! This review is with everything in pretty much new condition ! If I had n't bought this online , I would have Definitely Returned this Piece Of Junk . So it 's back to a Gas Mower for me ... UPDATE
 If there is any justice in mankind 's sad existence then the designers , manufacturers , and retailers of this product will be sent to the depths of inferno where they will be forced to mow lawns for all eternity with this piece of S * % $ mower . Oh the misery and torment I have endured at the hands of these vile creatures.This mower CAN NOT cut grass
 products works good and cuts well.I dared to buy this inspite of friendly advices about possible difficulty using a corded one . soon after using couple of times i realized it is big pain managing the cord and cutting the grass . very hard to push also . I do n't recommend this type of corded , non - self-propelled model to anyone.pros : No gas - no fumes no pollutionLess noiseCons : Very diffilcult to manage a cordneed to push hard to move it.You get tired very soon
 Was all into this mower , unpacked it , set it up and plugged it in . Pulled the lever and it ran for :05 and the motor fried . Smelled that burning electrical motor as I re-packaged it . I would n't recommend this mower at all .
 this mower is light , east to set up and use.but no power , the mulch cant go into the bag in the back . the wire become very hot after 10 min use.returned to the shipper .
 We used it for our ~ 2000 sq ft yard . We store it in the garage when not in use . Used it for ~ 25 times , but it stopped working all the sudden . We expected a longer life span than this . The warranty is only 2 years . We are not satisfied .
 I bought this mower a year ago at Home Depot . A couple of weeks ago a flame came out of the control switch unit while I was mowing , and Black and Decker gave me UPS shipping authorization to send it back for warranty repair -LRB- they have a two-year warranty -RRB- . The call agent did n't seem at all surprised about the fire . And this morning I got a call from a guy at the service center who tells me that the repair is NOT covered under warranty because the blade has been nicked . Apparently this mower is pretty fragile . I have a couple of areas to cut that are rough , and I have whacked a rock or two . With electric mowers -LRB- or maybe just electric mowers of this quality ? -RRB- , that can destroy the motor . Funny they did n't mention that when I bought it . I ca n't recommend this mower . Even if your yard is perfectly smooth , you 're going to hit something some day , and then your mower will be scrap .
 I have just moved to the US from Europe and I really wanted an electric over a gas mower . Nearly all of the mowers back in Europe are electric and are hover mowers . These are light , since they have to hover -LRB- no wheels -RRB- and have the power to cut.This mower is heavy and gets bogged down very quickly . The blade kept stopping . I only mowed maybe 30ft and thought ; forget this . After a lot of research this was apparently the best . I tried upping the cut height but even then I thought this will take forever . I love gardening and I was scaping the turf . So I 'm not sure.I eventually brought a gas mower hoping things will catch up in a few years and I can go back to an electric mower.I should add the grass was not long but fairly dense .
 I 've been using the mower since late 2003 . I try to mow weekly but sometimes wait as long as 2 weeks before mowing a 600 square foot sodded lawn planted when I bought the mower . I 've never owned a mower before this one but have used push and gas mowers.Please be careful before buying this mower . The only plusses are the low cost , no exhaust fumes and the fact that you do n't have to store gas at your house . Those plusses come with extreme trade-offs , though.The mower is unable to effectively cut moderately long -LRB- more than 5 days of growth -RRB- , damp or dense grass . It tears dense grass , it does not cut it , and it has little or no ability to actually put the cut grass into the bag . It has almost no vacuum and sprays cut grass all over the concrete and surrounding landscape when you mow the edges of the lawn . The cut grass it does manage to pick up usually clogs in the chute requiring endless stops to unclog it . Mowing after 1 week of growth requires at least 2 mowings at increasingly lower levels in order to make for a decent cut.Even though the blade length is 19 inches , the motor is so underpowered that you must make half-width passes or less to prevent the mower from seizing . Speaking of blades , the manufacturer recommends annual blade changes . The problem is , the blades are not sold by ANY retail outlets . Home Depot , Lowes , OSH/Sears , True Value , Amazon and even the manufacturer do not sell the replacement blade and there is no generic replacement . The blade must be ordered from a factory parts store for $ 18 plus tax plus at least $ 7 shipping.If the far end of your lawn is more than 50 feet from the closest outlet , you must purchase an industrial-gauge extension cord that gets very heavy . Mowing with a corded mower is much like vacuuming . The consequences of running over the cord with the mower are a little more drastic , though.I love the concept of electric mowing but this mower requires a lot of sacrifices . Buy at your own risk .
 lemon and poor customer service broke after two uses and wont honor productBlack & Decker MM875 Lawn Hog 12 Amp 19-Inch Electric Mulching Mower with Rear Bag
 I decided to go green and bought electric mower , edger/trimmer and blower -LRB- all corded -RRB- . I felt like driving Prius while mowing the lawn : -RRB- It did not last long though . I mowed the lawn first time with factory settings and it worked fine . I was going on the vacation so I set it to cut 2 inches . It barely worked for 5 feet and stopped . I reverted the setting but it would not start . Since it was still under 30 day return window , I decided to call it a day.Pros : - Going green is responsible things to do - No smoke is blessing for people with allergies like me . - Pretty light weight - Assembly is pretty simpleCons : - Be ready to shell out $ 30-40 for cord - Mowing with cord is not simple as it seems . I felt dumb at times wondering which direction to mow now . - Not as powerful as gas mower and not self-propelled . - Unreliable -LRB- it broke down with in 3 weeks -RRB-
 This one is definitely not for me . I bought this here @ Amazon , but gave it back.Pros :1 . Lightweight , like toy2 . Saves on GAS3 . Emission free4 . No Pull startCons :1 . Need 12 amp wire , thick and heavy to work with .2 . Uphill could be a tough battle as this is not a self propelling one .3 . The thick wire kills/breaks garden plants on the way while mowing .
 I bought this mower in 2008 . It is easy to use for females . I did not use it half a year last year so basically only used it for 2.5 years when the switch handle area started smoking and the key area was ruined . The warranty is 2 years and when contacting Black and Decker they refused to do anything . This mower is n't cheap and should last a lot longer than 3 years . Black and Decker does n't stand behind their products . I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS MOWER AT ALL . I just ordered a Lawn Boy !
 I purchased this B&D ; cordless mower 2.5 years ago.Pros - powerful enough to mow even long grass - 19 '' path was a good size for our small yard - switching from mulching to bagging was easily done , with the bag being a good size for clippingsCons - battery only last 2.5 years and now needs replacement - replacement battery is over $ 200 for either the B&D ; brand battery or most popular aftermarket brandsSummary - I ca n't recommend this lawnmover . The high initial cost should have been outweighed by a longer life.Given the high cost of replacement batteries , the maximum life you will get out of this lawnmower is 2.5 years before having to replace it.I will be going back to a gas lawnmower as the long term costs are much less . The `` green '' B&D ; mower is on it 's way to occupy space in a landfill .
 You will be better off buying gas than electric for all kinds of reasons , mine quit working this month August 3 , only had for three months . Also dragging cables and getting loose is something you have to consider , overheating is always there ! grass getting in the motor from cracks etc. ... This is a piece of crap and waste of money . Save your money for something else . I am looking for gas mower .
 I have had Black & Decker electric Lawn mowers in the past but this one surpasses all the rest . . what used to take me a few hours to mow my small front & backs yards is now done in a matter of minutes ... the rear bag makes it easier to dispose of the mulch ... Since I 'm a woman , I find this one a little bit heavier that the other one I had , but it 's worth all the effort . .
 I purchased the MM875 because I have a small , flat lawn and I wanted the environmental benefits of electric . I used the mower 4 times with some considerable difficulty mowing without bogging down , even with the deck set very high . On the fifth use , the motor seized altogether . Service required a half hour drive and the repair cost almost as much as the mower . I would not recommend this mower . I found it to be unreliable and the warranty repair experience disappointing .
 The switch failed after three years and the motor after four . It never cut uniformly even with the bag . The grip broke apart as well .
 This is my second electric mower . I have two pros
 I have had the MM875 for over 4 years . Wanted to try something different at our new house since the lawn was not too big . Works well , and pretty easy to use . The biggest problem until this weekend is the cord management . Like others have said you get use to it , personally I would never by a corded lawn mower again unless the lawn was tiny . I only ever ran over the cord once , but it was always a pain keeping track of the cord.If you do buy an electric mower do yourself a favor and buy one that runs on batteries.On Saturday while mowing the law the handle the engages the mower broke . Not the orange part , but the part that holds the orange part in place . After taking it apart I found the cheap plastic that held this in place had sheared off . No way to fix with out buying a much bigger piece . Seems like a very poor design since this part is critical for using the mower - metal pins would have made this never break . I have to say I was really disappointed to see how badly B&D ; designed this part of the mower . I thought they would do better.The only good part is I bought a self propelled mower to on Saturday and finished my lawn in about half the regular time.If you do want electric , I would highly recommend that you get a battery powered mower .
 I did all my research on electric mowers and narrowed it down to this particular mower . It came just like it said , out of the box , tighten a few knobs and plug in and start mowing . It was light and very little vibration and it did take a little to get used to the cord . I finished the back yard and moved to the front . I plugged it back up and pulled the lever . And nothing ... I check the cord and outlet , cord was fine and it s the kind that has a light on the end to show its getting power . I took it back to the back yard to double check , dead . I called the black and decker customer service , and they stated to bring it to the nearest black and decker store for service . Brand new item , broken on first use , nah . I would not recommend this item to anyone . Funny thing also , i had a conversation with a guy who used to work at a hardware store the next day after this fiasco , and he said that he was there for like 2 years and they sold like 3 and they were returned . So , i guess it on to research push reel mowers or break down and buy one that uses gas , like i dont spend enough on gas ...
 I bought this mower to replace an aging gas mower that was getting hard to start and keep running . My hope was for a relatively maintenance free mower . With no gas and oil to provide , what could go wrong ? Well after less than 3 years of use , the electric motor failed and needs replacement.Cord management was a hassle and slowed down the mowing process . This mower never did give a nice even cut and almost always required going over the lawn twice . If the lawn got a little tall , I had to be very careful so as not to bog down the motor and cause damage.I plan to go back to a gas mower with a little more power and repairable parts .
 Plastic deck has 5 years warranty while the motor has only two years . After my motor burned out after 2.5 years , I opened the motor and found the motor has been designed to be weared out after some period . In my case , it 's 2.5 years - twice per month for my small front yard.I saw fire and smoke when the motor burned out . No tech support at all . I was satisfied with the idea , but totally dissatisfied with the product quality now - I thought the product from black & deck can be trusted , but for sure , not this one .
 The mower itself would be fine if it worked -- for an electric mower.However , I 've had it for 10 months , have a very small yard , and used it about 10 times total.It just died completely . Now I have to figure out how to get it repaired .
 my 14 yr old electic B&D ; mower bit the dust -LRB- after 2 repairs -RRB- I lovd that mower . It was very light weight , easy turns , ht adjustments and powerful!Bought this to replace it and what a piece of crap ! B&D ; is not the quality they use to be . This is very heavy , hard to maneuver and has almost no power . The motor kept cutting out on short grass ! I immediately returned it . Plus it has a very cheap plastic housing . Went and bought the Task Force at Lowes for $ 50 less based on good review . I have n't used it yet but will update here and let ya know .
 I recently purchased the Black & Decker 19 inch electric mower . On the second use I hit one of the sprinkler heads . It totally trashed the motor . Knocked it out of alignment and tore up the magnets . It is now a $ 250 piece of junk on the lawn mower repair guy 's junk pile.This mower is very cheaply made . The shell and most parts are plastic . The motor casing is very thin sheet metel , a few steps above tin foil.Stay away from this product !!!
 My wife and I recently bought a new house , and were very excited to purchase an electric mower . We figured our lawn was small so it would be better to not deal with the hassle of a gas mower . So we went to home depot and purchased the MM875 . However , after using it for about 10 minutes , the engine quit and started to smoke . I of course quickly unplugged it . Suffice to say , I 'll be returning to home depot today or tomorrow to return it .
 This mower worked well , cord is awful , wont stay in mower well ... but it only worked 5 times on a very small lawn . It died , but Amazon understood my plight and refunded my purchase price . Amazon is fantastic in regards to customer service . I purchased a fiskar reel mower and love it . nothing to break
 This lawn mower lacks the power to cut through bermuda grass in the summertime . It also lacks the power to transfer clippings into the rear bag . This mower is adequate for very very small lawn areas with very fine grass types .
 I grew up with a Black and Decker electric mower , so I was thrilled that this one was on sale . However , it is deceiving . Even though it 's more than 45 pounds lighter than our gas mower , it 's very heavy to push . Also , we were not able to get an even cut without going over the yard 2 or 3 times.The cord was a problem for two reasons
 I gave this mower every chance but here is a brief description of pros and cons . For reference , I have about 1/3 acre yard and a heavy duty 100 foot cord . I bought the mower and cord at Lowes when we bought our house at the end of June . I have used it about 7-8 times.Pros :1 . Easy to start - just pull the lever .2 . Can mow just as fast as with a gas mower once you get the cord management thing down .3 . Can adjust mower height by pressing a button and moving the mower base up or down .4 . No gas , oil or fumes to deal with -LRB- one of the main reasons I bought it -RRB- .5 . Has the option of mowing with the bag or as a mulcher .6 . Easy to clean since you can turn the mower on its side .7 . Easy storage.Cons :1 . The cord WILL occasionally get caught on something or you will step on it by accident .2 . The blade dulls way fast . I have had to sharpen it already and noticed that it had large chips missing from the blade after I hit a rock .3 . Lowes does NOT sell the replacement blade where I live even though they sell the mower .4 . It cuts grass fine but will not cut weeds of any length completely the first time . This requires you to mow over the same are TWICE . It normally cuts over part of the path but not over the whole path . This results in a shorter cutting width and therefore it will take you at least TWICE as long to mow your yard . Maybe this is partially due to the chip in the blade but I ca n't find a replacement blade locally .5 . For a yard my size , I have to unplug and move to another outlet 3 times to cover my yard . I knew this already and this was okay .6 . The bag is extremely small and will require several dumpings in order to finish your lawn . I abandoned the bag and used the mulching mode .
 I purchased this mower less than 2 months ago and everything was working perfectly . Then I ran over a small root . Any normal mower would just sputter a little , at worse stall out . But this mower 's deck is made of plastic so when the blade hit the root the blade took a big chunk out of the deck . The plastic motor fan broke too since the metal blade is mounted to it.I wish I bought the generic Lowes electric mower . That mower has a metal deck which would withstand normal mowing conditions.Sincerely disappointed .
 I owned a B&D ; U-273 -LRB- I think that was the model number -RRB- for over 30 years . I bought it used , so it was probably closer to 40 years old when it finally just wore out . This was an electric model with dual blades and an aluminum deck . That thing was light in weight and easy to push , AND THE HANDLE WOULD FLIP TO ALLOW SIMPLE OPPOSITE DIRECTION MOWING.The MM875 is just plain cumbersome . The path for the cord is not well placed . Plugging it in is difficult , and forget the bagging assembly . It promotes itself as a 19 inch mower , but the deck is 21 inches wide , while the actual blade is only 181/2 inches . That means you ca n't get closer than nearly 2 inches to anything , making a lot of extra trimming work . You can not get a clean cut in one pass . You must mow any area twice.This mower appears to be cost saver for B&D ; in that it has a DC motor , using rectified AC to power it . That allows B&D ; to make the cordless version of the same mower by using the same deck , but installing a lower voltage DC motor and a battery . Rectifying AC to DC is a power losing proposition . It might have 12 amps of draw , but I doubt 12 amps is making it to the DC motor . It 's just plain anemic!I would pass on this one and get an electric that is designed with electric cord use in mind , with a metal deck , and a better handle design .
 We bought the Lawn Hog from Amazon and it FINALLY arrived today -LRB- after about 6 weeks of waiting -RRB- . We took it out of the box and plugged it in to mow . It seemed fine for about 2 seconds and then - BOOM ! The bag completely disintegrated at the seams . If you do not plan to bag your grass , this mower is fine . The material on the bag is too cheap and flimsy and poorly sewn . I am waiting to hear from Black & Decker to see if they will send me a replacement bag on the off chance this one had a factory defect . Wish me luck .
 If I had a cliff nearby , I would throw this lawnmower off of it , go and retrieve it , and then throw it off the cliff again . I 've had electric mowers before , and this one does not deliver . The design is terrible . The flaps at the front and back push the grass down -LRB- and out of the way of the blades -RRB- so large amounts of grass do n't even get cut . The `` side discharge '' clogs up just about every 10 feet -LRB- even with the mower set to cut on the highest setting -RRB- , then the motor gets bogged down and just about comes to a stop . The flip-handle feature is about the only nice thing on this model , and even that causes issues . Since it is hinged in the middle of the mower , rather than by the rear wheels , the mower gets pushed into the ground more as you push it forward . This causes the `` mulched up '' grass that did n't make it out the `` side discharge '' to get compressed into your lawn every time you run over it -LRB- which is not the easiest grass to rake when you 're done mowing -RRB- . As soon as I get enough money together for a gas mower with a bag in the rear , I 'll be putting this mower out by the curb for trash pick-up .
 Just started cutting my lawn for the 5th time with this mower and managed to kill it tonight . All it took was hitting one rock hidden in the grass for a sec , and - boom - it 's dead . Just smoke coming out of the motor . I ca n't recall ever killing a gas mower this way in my 30 years of cutting grass and I know I hit a few similar or bigger rocks in the past . I 'm now really torn about fixing it versus going back to gas.It 's too bad 'cause up til now it was easy to use -LRB- my 10 year was cutting the grass with it -LSB- under my supervision -RSB- -RRB- and did a decent job of mulching except with heavier or wet grass.Haven ' t found out what the cost to repair it might be but I suspect it will run close to 50 % or more of the $ 189 cost .
 This mower was assembled incorrectly . I orderd it online because I ca n't fit a lawnmower in my sportscar . In order to return it I would have had to ship it back ; an ordeal . So with a hammer , great determination and a few good wacks I was able to get the piece in it 's correct place . I 'm not sure I would order another lawnmower online .
 I used this lawn mower for the first time yesterday , and I really do n't know what to say about it . I 'm not completely happy though -- that I know . I 'm a petite woman who lives alone , so I thought this model would be well suited for me -LRB- especially because it needs no maintenance -RRB- . I trusted the majority of the other reviews that rated this item extremely well , and now I wish I would have just purchased a gas mower instead.Even with the flip handle , the cord is a bigger hassle than I had anticipated . The flip handle itself , though great in theory , is also somewhat of a hassle . You need to have about 7 feet of clearance to flip the handle over and be able to get on the other side to continue mowing -- not very convenient when mowing in tight spaces . It also does n't give you defined rows like a gas mower does . In fact , I think it chewed my lawn a bit.I really wanted to like this mower . I had very high hopes , especially since I feared not being able to return it after purchasing it online . But , I do n't know what to make of it . I do think I should have just purchased a gas mower instead , because now I do n't know what to do with it , and I do n't know if I want to use it again .
 Just tried my mower first time since last year . It has less than a year use . Wont start . Made sure electrical connections were good . Called B&D on the number in their manual . It is n't their number . Tried to reach them on the web . Seems they sold to Applica even before I bought this piece of crap . Going to try to reach Applica but not holding my breath .
 I purchased this lawn mower a few weeks ago . I found an electric lawnmower to be a novel idea , but working with a power cord has proven to be clumsy and restricting . In less than a month , the hooks/pins attaching the handle to the base broke , making the lawnmower inoperable . I was not overly rough with the mower . Customer service suggested I take it to my `` local '' service center , which is over an hour away , and only open 7 - 5 weekdays . Not wanting to make 2 trips -LRB- 200 + miles of driving and 2 half-days off work -RRB- , I called first , and they did n't have the parts in stock anyway . The replacement parts are being shipped to me , and I 'll get to fix it myself .
 I have owned this mower for 10 months . Last week the electrical unit at the top of the mower next to the handle overheated due to a loose connection . The handle melted , caught on fire , and severely burned my gardener 's hand -LRB- through gloves -RRB- . When using this mower , be sure to use a large enough power cord . The store where I bought it and Black & Decker recommend 14 gauge , but the repair shop suggested 12 gauge just to be safe.Also , the flip-top cover over the side discharge unit fell off . It was held on by a metal rod which passes through two small flimsy plastic holes , and to my eye it appears to be a lousy design . After I complained loudly , Black & Decker offered to replace it under warranty.Finally , it gets clogged really easily . I live in Western Oregon where it is always wet . Even if I wait until it has n't rained for two days , the grass is still a little moist -LRB- except in August -RRB- . Since this is a mulching mower , it turns the grass into green mush that clogs the discharge chute and falls in clumps on my lawn . I 'm sure this would work much better in a more arid climate .
 I have the previous version , the MM600 , it is four years old and broke for the second time today . My lot is 130 ` x50 ' on which sits the house , a driveway , a large deck , a shed , and a vegetable garden , the rest is grass for the MM600 to mow . The first time it broke I had only used it 4 times . Warrantee covered the problem -LRB- which was never really explained -RRB- but the mower was gone for over six weeks . The mower ran fine through last year 's drought , our mowing season runs May to October . In its forth mowing of its forth season it quit as I was rounding into the back yard and blew the circuit breaker in the house . I hope many improvements have been made to the MM675 since the MM600 . I would n't buy it . Last time I took it to service there were 3 other identical mowers in the small shop . Good luck .
 I used this mower for one season and the start of a second season , maybe 20-30 times total , on a small city lot . For no good reason , the mower started smoking . I browsed online and saw that these mowers have started on fire . I tried to contact Black & Decker customer service but got no response . I checked online and found that a new motor would cost nearly as much as a whole new mower -LRB- not counting installation of the motor -RRB- . Even though I 've only used it for a little over a year , I actually purchased it over two years ago , so it is not covered under warranty . Now it 's a piece of junk , and I have to shop for a new mower . You can bet it wo n't be a Black and Decker !
 This is the second Black & Decker electric mower I have owned . I love the convenience and not buying gas or oil . My first one lasted around 10 years . Try that with a gas mower . Having said that , this is the last Black & Decker product I will ever buy . Why ? you ask , their service is horrendous . Shortly after getting the mower , the switch on the handle started to go out . I called to get it replaced and I was told I would have to drive 200 miles round trip -LRB- twice -RRB- to get it fixed . I said why not just send me the part -LRB- $ 10 -RRB- . They told me they could not do that , they could however sell it to me . Well I had no choice but to buy it or have a $ 200 boat anchor . I hope that ten bucks they got out of me was worth it because I will never buy another Black & Decker product as long as I live . I also had occasion to take off one of the hub caps on this mower and let me tell you , my childs wagon wheels are better attatched then these wheels so watch out for that . Hey Black & Decker I hope my ten bucks was worth it to you now !!
 Somehow it stopped working and we can not find repairing services . We used it for less than two summers and our yard is small . Good idea , poor quality .
 This MM 675 is a great mower when it is in one piece . You need to watch as you mow for parts falling off -LRB- screws , etc -RRB- or one day the whole under carriage will fall off . For me it lasted one season , which I consider expensive for a $ 200-250 electric mower . The first one I got -LRB- new -RRB- had a broken handle , and I had to get another before I received credit on this one as my grass was growing quickly !! The flip handle works nicely until it begins to slip . Finally this week the engine began to smoke and stopped dead as I was mowing slowly on a medium high lawn , so they can not accuse me of stalling the mower on thick high grass . I hope I get so sort of refund or replacement , but looking at other reviews I am hesitant , and am looking for a different brand , but which one ?
 I own a townhouse , so I have a very small yard . My backyard is about 10 ft. x 12 ft. I brought out the mower and cut my backyard . I was a little annoyed with the flaps that flattened the grass down before it got cut , but I could get over that . -LRB- this is a new lawn btw , no debris or anything in the yard -RRB- So I wheeled it around to my front yard , plugged it in , turned it on and the engine seized and a puff of smoke arose from the engine . I tried several things but it seemed as if the engine just fried . I was very disappointed , especially considering how well my cordless weed whacker by B&D ; worked.I thought about getting it repaired at a local shop that services Black and Decker mowers , but my confidence in the mower was as shot as the engine , so I decided to return it and go with a gas mower.Luckily I was still within my 30 days and was able to return it to Amazon for a full refund . And I must say this
 I have a small city lot but still find it difficult to cut with my reel type mower after a growth spurt . An electric mower looked like a good alternative . I did my research . I read a consumer products review magazine . I read customer reviews online . I marched into Sears and bought my lawn hog . And for 3 cuttings , I was in bliss . On the fourth go round , I thought I smelled a barbeque . And then I thought I smelled plastic burning . And then I saw the smoke spewing from underneath the mower . Mind you , it was still cutting . Once it had cooled , I wrapped it in foil -LRB- stench control , plus I was n't sure what might start oozing out -RRB- and returned it to Sears for a full credit on my charge card . What I liked ? An even , mulched lawn . Very quiet . Very short learning curve to manage the electric cord . A breeze to cut through that lush spring growth . Not acceptable ? To have a mower spontaneously combust within 45 days after purchase . Maybe this was a defect . Maybe this is a design flaw . I ca n't tell . For me , its back to the reel mower until I gain more confidence . I 'll be watching and waiting , because I think the basic concept is excellent .
 1 . The handle is too long -LRB- even when adjusted to its shortest length -RRB- for average height people . They should have added more drill holes .2 . You have to press a separate switch to flip the handle . This is a nuisance .3 . The rubber flaps front and back drag on the ground/grass and make the mower hard and heavy to push .4 . The rubber flaps flatten the grass so it does not give an even cut .5 . Black & Decker could not be bothered to answer my letter asking for advice .
 I wanted this mower because I was tired of dealing with my dying gas mower , I liked the idea of a quieter , more environmentally friendly machine and I was sure I 'd have no trouble with the cord since this was the flip handle version . Now all my mower consultants are enjoying saying `` I told you so ! '' I did one mowing , and that was enough for me to realize the mistake I 'd made.This is what I liked :1 -RRB- amazingly easy to assemble , and it is great to flip the handle and it was on .2 -RRB- It cut just fine .3 -RRB- very light weight .4 -RRB- relatively quiet , though louder than I had expectd.My yard is about 80 ' deep in the back and tiny in the front , but these are the things that turned me off :1 -RRB- I had to unplug and set up the cord separately for the front and back yards .2 -RRB- The `` Cord Dance '' was really annoying - it was hard to flip it to get it out of the way on the longest part of my yard .3 -RRB- I ended up needing two cords because I was short about 5 ' at the longest part of the yard .4 -RRB- It became unplugged multiple times during mowing .5 -RRB- It was awkward to maneuver being attached to the outlet . Normally I can mow my yard in 15 minutes . With this cord , the unplugging and replugging , winding up and frequent untangling of the cord , it took me almost an hour.I 'm returning it and am debating on coughing up twice as much for the cordless electric mower . My recommendation would be for those people switching from gas to electric , to carefully consider your choice , because I was very discouraged with the cord . If your lawn is REALLY small , it would be tolerable , but more than 50 ' or so of cord is too much hassle .
 If your thinking of buying a new lawnmower I would suggest you save your money and do n't buy this one . If you like to cut your grass early in the morning when the grass is even a little wet you will have nothing but problems , all that will happen is that the grass will stick to the side of the lawnmower and plug the exit shoot.If you want to multch do n't even think about doing it with this lawnmower , there is barely enough power to cut the grass never mind multch .
 For the money , this mower is not worth it . Mine only lasted for 3 years before the motor went up in smoke . In that same time I had to replace the base plates that attach the handle to the mower deck -LRB- they broke under the `` stress '' of being pushed I guess -RRB- , as well as the lower part of the handle which cost me about $ 40 in the end . After 3 years the motor started sparking and became unusable . I replaced the brush heads , but it is the magnetic ring that is the problem . It will cost $ 70 to purchase that part ... not interested . I caved and bought a regular gas mower instead and have never been happier .
 I used the MM675 mower for three seasons and I had some serious problems.The pivot for the flip handle is poorly designed . The pivots -LRB- there is one for each side -RRB- are spot welded to the handle . One of the pivots -LRB- the one closest to the electrical cord -RRB- broke off almost immediately . The local hardware store where I bought the mower replaced the handle -LRB- it was within 30 days of my purchase -RRB- . Again , after a few weeks the same pivot broke . So instead of returning the defective part a second time I fixed it myself by using a push-on nut.The motor cover is poorly designed . After I used the mower for a season I removed the motor cover to check for any grass clippings . What I found was a large accumulation of grass . This is a saftey hazard given that most people would n't even think of removing the cover . A pile of dry grass clippings and a spark from an electic motor is not a good combination.The blade fastener plate is poorly designed . After using the mower for a season I noticed that the plate , which is made out of plastic , was starting to deform . After two seasons the plate was so warped it needed to be replaced . This part is a critical component of the system and it should be made out of metal.The mount for the bag hanger arm is poorly designed . There is a black metal rod which is inserted into a hole in the base of the mower -- it acts as a hanger for the bag . For the hanger to work properly the arm must not pivot at the base . But , the base is made of plastic so after bumping the bag against a fence a few times the metal digs into the plastic and strips out the hole rendering the arm ineffective.So , I have switched to a Neuton battery-powered mower . The cutting width for the neuton is smaller than the MM675 but I can actually finish my lawn faster given I do n't have to deal with the cord . I have used the Neuton for one season -- so far I have not had any problems . The Neuton costs more but I think it is a better design .
 You do not want this model - you want the Black and Decker MM575 . Here 's why
 I have owned my mower for 9 months , and probably mowed my lawn about 20 times -LRB- it rested for the winter months -RRB- . Initially , I was impressed with the relative ease with which it mulched grass , and thought the electric mower -LRB- with it tremendous environmental improvements over gas powers -RRB- was a great buy.The switch handle makes the cord much less of an issue , and the deck is wide enough and the engine powerful enough for our relatively small lawn -LRB- .2 acres -RRB- . Maintenance has been a breeze , and overall it is a very capable machine.This past week , however , I changed my mind . While finishing up a weekly mow , the lawnmower made a popping noise . The blade slowly spun down to a stop . I tried restarting the mower , but no-go . I checked the breakers in the house , replaced the electric cord and tried again . No luck . I just dropped the mower off this evening at the repair facility , so I 'm not sure yet what the cause was . However , the fact that it could not even handle a full year of mowing was disheartening . In fact , when I went to drop off the mower , another customer was dropping off hers for a similar reason . Less than 2 years old , and the engine on hers had died as well.What this mower presents in terms of capability and environmental friendliness is betrayed by its lack of durability . If this mower could last , then it would certainly be worth the money .
 The on/off handle -LRB- which is plastic -RRB- burns after 10 minutes of first usage . My hand holding the handle got hurt . I had to return it , but packing and shipping such a bulk item was a hassle !
 Second bag in two years , zipper broke and re-broke . Since the zipper 's on the end , you ca n't like clothespin the thing shut.The hanging assembly with rod also reams out the plastic keyed hole on mower deck so the bag starts dragging halfway full.Not the best design , and China -LRB- ? -RRB- we suppose , broke down on life-cycle quality assurance . The zipper has to go more than 50 to 100 times or what 's this world coming to ? The B & D website wants to sell the bag for $ 74 ! I 'm careful with the equipment , but it 's let me down . Is this a game of some kind ? Moral of the story
 The B&D mower works . It was my first electric . Mulches well and picks up well , but be patient with it . I 'd done yard work -LRB- 125 of them -RRB- in LA. . I was ready to get away from the gas and oil changes . The BAG packs in the leaves , BUT The Zipper broke quickly . It was OK since one side still opened . ALSO , The hanger rod easily stripped the soft plastic mower body . This is it 's 3rd summer on a small suburban yard . Problem
 All the criticisms I 've read on Amazon about this product are on the mark . The thing is poorly designed and catches on everything while you mow because it sticks out too far on one side . Also , the bag tears easily when brushing up against things in the yard not to mention the nylon zipper which must be unzipped and zipped each time the -LRB- small -RRB- catcher is emptied . A waste of your money and time .
 I ordered the bag with the MM675 mower . Followed directions carefully and could n't get it to stop swiveling . This made it bang into my bushes and lamppost and fall off . Pain in the neck . When it fell off I found out that the mulcher on the mower was fantastic ... my grass was very long because I was waiting for the mower/bag to arrive . . so did n't need the bag . Have n't used it since .
 This side bag style grass catcher just flat out doesnt work . In the first place , its slightly awkward to use with the mower . Second , it clogs very easily . I tried this bag on two different occasions . First , at the beginning of summer when the grass was a little longer . It clogged on first few strips of grass I mowed . I emptied the bag and made several other attempts to use it . Every time , the small opening clogged . I tried again when the grass was shorter and completely dry with the same results . Do n't buy it ! Save your money , and just rake your lawn . In the long run you will do a alittle more work , but with a lot less fruastration than trying to get this to work
 There 's a reason you do n't see a picture of the bagger and the mower together ... if you did you would n't buy the bag ! The bag is so small and hangs off the right side of the mower , rather than behind . I have to empty 5-7 times during the course of mowing my small lawn -LRB- less than 1000 sqft -RRB- . Not only is it small but when it starts getting full it pulls the mower off balance , making it hard to turn as well as reducing the power of the mower 's blades by getting clogged with grass . What 's worse is that it hangs off the right side suspended with a pole like a canvas windsock . It hangs out so far that the mower does n't fit through doors or gates . Also the bag gets in the way anytime you 're trying to mow and have to maneuver around objects on your right like plants or trees.If I had known how small this bagger was and how ofter I 'd be emptying its contents , I would have never bought it . I only wish B&D ; made a rear bagger for the mower -LRB- which I like -RRB- .
 The bag is okay . Do n't have too big a problem with the size and all but one major problem is the lousy zipper . Read lots of problems about them and I had one too the first month or so . The other worked but now I have problems with that one as well . I can not zipper it all the way or the one functioning zipper comes off so I have to keep it open slightly and get pelted with cut grass till the whole plugs up.The other problem is that it does not hook on so well so if you lightly bump into something the bag falls off ... not major but a pain in the neck .
 Con : I purchased this bag , along with a lawn mower , two seasons ago . The inboard zipper pulled past its `` limit point '' , and would not re-link , after only one season . This third season looks to be the last legs for the other zipper , as I have been careful to the point of nuisance , in trying to prevent the seconds ' failure.The spreader/support bar , inside the bag , is also beginning to show through.The stand-off bar post will strip its plastic hold with a small amount of pressure , so mowing close to any object on your right will require pulling the mower backwards from the left.Pro : It is very easy to get on and off , and only emptying twice on a 5000 + sq. ft. yard in a Cleveburg , OH suburb .
 It 's true that it fits the mower , however , it fills up in 2 min . so . . it 's useless.Sorry , do n't buy it .
 This was a replacement bag . It has ripped in the same area as the first one , making it un-useable . Not happy !
 I do n't mind that I have to empty this bag several times . I do n't mind that it sticks out and can get in the way . I mow my lawn when it is dry . I hate that this bag spews dust in the air , so much that I have to stop and stand back for a minute or two or cover my nose and mouth with cloth.Is everyone else experiencing this problem ? Do I have a defective bag?This bag is a health hazard !!!
 I am very pleased with my purchase from Amazon.I got exactly what I ordered and in an affordable and fast and correct order . I will always use Amazon.Carolyn Baldwin
 This item , Black and Decker Grass Bag , BA-075 , does not attach to the Grass Mower -LRB- Bully Cordless Lawn Mower Model 2020 -RRB- which I purchased in the same order.Colonel John P. Robert35 Hunters Run Blvd.Cohoes , NY 12047-1441jrobert@nycap.rr.com
 The Black and Decker side bag did not fit on my electric lawn mower . Called B&D and took it to an authorized dealer and bag could not be attached . Therefore , returned product . Was satisfied with return process . Thank you Amazon .
 The zippers and grab loops are well placed and seem to be well designed , but the capacity is quite limited . The biggest problem is with the metal rod that the bag hangs on . The rod fits into a hole in the mower body , and the assembly depends on a small tab at the end of the rod fitting into a slot in the hole to keep it from flopping around . Because the mower body is plastic and the metal tab is very small , the weight of the grass caused the metal tab to wear the plastic slot after just one use , resulting in the bag flopping around and sometimes falling off .
 I love my Black & Decker electric mower so I had no hesitation about purchasing the bag attachment . What a disappointment ! First , the bag arrives in a monstrously huge box which belies the actual diminutive size of the bag . When you finally get through all of the cardboard & packing material , the bag is quite small . To its credit , the bag is very easy to attach to the mower , though . The next big problem arrives when you try to use the bag - 1 -RRB- it holds very little volume so you must empty it every few minutes & 2 -RRB- if there is any -LRB- & I do mean even the smallest amount of -RRB- moisture in the grass that you 're cutting , the clippings all get clogged at the opening of the bag . In other words , it wo n't suck the clippings into the bag . I finally got so aggravated that I took the thing off & just raked up the clippings so I could put them in the mulch bed . If I had n't already used the thing for the first -LRB- & last -RRB- time , I would have shipped it right back & asked for my money back . What a disappointment .
 The bag worked decently with the noted problems but the zipper fell apart after only 3 or so months and I 'm not mowing very much lawn or mowing it very often . Boooo !
 I bought this bag 5 months ago and was very happy with it until a month later when one of the side zippers broke . I had used it 2 or 3 times , opening and closing the zipper 3-4 times on each occasion . Since the other side 's zipper eas still working , I did n't bother to change or replace it . However , last weekend the other zipper broke as well . I have now written to Amazon and hopefully they -LRB- or B&D ;-RRB- will replace it.It is otherwise quite sufficient for my backyard and is very handy , easy to put up and clean .
 this product is overpriced . it certainly does n't contain $ 40 of technology . the bag is made from cheap material . i 'm on my third . the first one wore out because the zippers broke . the 2nd one had a hole in it where a metal piece rubs against it . amazon promptly replaced it - thanks . i wish there were alternatives for this product or that it was priced lower . and that you could replace just the canvas bag and not the hole thing .
 I bought this bag a month ago after relying on the mulcher feature of my mower for 2 years . The bag is easy to put on and take off the mower , and does a good job catching grass , though it could be a little bit larger . However , the zippers on this bag are pretty worthless . After 4 uses , one of the two zippers is already broken . Having read other reviews citing problems with the zippers , I was pretty careful with them , but to no avail . Now this month-old product has one working zipper . It would be nice if Black and Decker would put heavy duty zippers on this product ! I will also be writing to Amazon and Black and Decker seeking a replacement bag .
 The support rod I received is 6 '' too long for the bag , or else the bag I received is 6 '' too short for the rod . The box may have been opened and re-taped . I had to tie the bag to the rod with a piece of wire . I wo n't be using the bag that often so it 's not that big a deal , but it 's disappointing . Other than that the bag works fine . As others have said , it 's a bit smaller than most grass bags .
 Black & Decker Side Bag Assembly #BA -075 We were so happy to find this product for our mower . We find that the bag so not stay on the mower and we are going to have to engineer a way for it to stay on . It just falls off -LRB- from the mower and from the hook -RRB- .
 Thought having this would help . Did n't . Grass would clog at the opening of the bag which of course caused the mower to slow or stop with grass clogged in it . In the end it 's just easier to rake up after mowing . Also , if it did go into the bag , the bag does n't hold very much .
 I seldom used this when mowing my small lawn , but even so , the hole in the mower 's plastic deck that holds the metal rod that in turn holds the bag up wore out , so the rod would not keep the bag up any more .
 The firt time I used this lantern it was great . Very bright and you can adjust it well . It worked so well it did n't want to turn off . It went down to a low glow but continued to feed fuel . My only option was to leave it on all night until all the fuel burned . It was too late to return it to Amazon without getting scalped so I called Coleman themselves . The customer service was great and I had the option of sending it back at my cost or they send me a new valve which I had to install . I have yet to recieve the valve and then attempt to change it out . Lots of hassle and definitely not worth buying it though Amazon .
 Bought this product for my sister and my brother in law , was optimistic abt the fact that it had two independent chambers so that my 250lber brother in law and my 100lber sister could have a restful sleep over the holiday seasons . The independent chambers are hard to operate with less than intuitive instructions . The chambers were not truly independet because the second chamber shared with the first chamber a portion of the side/head/leg rest ... Moreover , the darn thing leaked in the morning , so my poor sister was virtually sleeping on the hardwood floor by the morning . This is definetely the last Coleman air bed purchase for us .
 i bought 4 mattresses in july . . it is now august and 3 of them have punctured . I do not advise anyone to get these ... also one side would always be less pumped up than the other
 I purchased 3 coleman airbeds for my sister and her family of five . 2 of them were 1/3 full by the next morning . It was also a pain trying to inflate this thing , the thing kept on leaking after I pull out the pump from its valves , I much prefer the ones with a built-in air pump , I used them before at my friends place , they were much better at holding air and operations ... Maybe I was just unlucky , but this is the last time I buy another air mattress under the Coleman brand .
 I have to say that making this -LSB- purchase -RSB- was one of the most tragic renditions of reliance I have ever happened across.The reason I say this is because the quality of this product is something akin to a bad joke . ... This became readily apparent the first day I bought the beast and started airing it up , ... See , the bottom - made quite durably and actually pretty impressively - is resistant as the bed advertises , but is differently designed than the top ; something I expected but did not think would be so noticeable . While the underbelly could take a shot from just about any type of obtrusion , the upper portions could not hold the weight of the air that the bed professed to be able to withstand . In fact , within an hour , the stitching started breathing underneath me and quite literally ripping loose . ... Coleman was nice enough to provide patches and some superglue with the bed in case of an `` emergency , '' lasting me all of two days . ... Here is something that defeats the statement , `` you get what you paid for '' because it is n't a faulty brand but is instead a faulty product . ...
 after our second night on it , one of us was sleeping on the floor , mind you , the first night it was only used for 2 hours . one reason we bought it was b/c a previous reviewer claimed to be 300 lbs and slept on it comfortably with his wife who was a lot smaller . therefore , we thought it would work out for us , but it infact did not . would also like to add that we camped on polo fields , on a predesignated camping site , so it was not the type of conditions that would cause it to pop .
 I purchased a Coleman rechargeable quick pump along with a Coleman inflatable air mattress for use when guests visit . Normally I would only review the product under the relevant Amazon page , but I feel this review is relevant to all Coleman products as it relates to their customer service policies.After using the Coleman rechargeable pump two times , it died . It wo n't recharge ; it wo n't even turn-on . When I called Coleman to ask about warranty information for the pump , they responded with `` We do n't actually make that pump , we just put our name on it so we ca n't help you , '' and then they hung-up the phone!I called them back right away , and got them to give me the number of the company that does manufacture the pump and when I called it , it was a disconnected phone number ! Coleman does not appear to care at all about the quality of their products or the concept of customer service . I will NEVER buy another Coleman product again . I understand that products break from time to time and that can be forgiven , but no company should treat their customers this way.I urge everybody who is considering the purchase of any Coleman products to boycott this horrible firm . By their own admission , they do n't even make the products , they just pass them off to consumers . You deserve better than Coleman !!!
 I bought this duster to apply DE in my garden and lawn . I moved out to the country in Arkansas with my garden in pots . They are spread and I would guess the area is equivalent to about 3 raised beds 4 ` x8 ' . My lawn is about 3 acres . I needed DE more for the lawn since I have lots of chiggers and ticks . I have been bitten all over every time I go outside so DE was supposed to be my nontoxic solution . One are has chickens , no ticks there but chiggers are too small for chickens to help . DE together with keeping lawn short should do the job so my kiddos can be outside . Oh my ! If I had to do 3 acres with this duster it would take me weeks and I would need muscles of a superman ! My little garden required lots of strength . The crank seemed easy at first , but every 2-3 full rotations I need to shake it quite vigorously to have any DE dust to come out . When it does it 's a big cloud -LRB- too big -RRB- . It just shoots a big amount , then barely anything ... . I have to keep on shaking it while cranking and it 's just exhausting -LRB- I 'm not a whimp ! -RRB- . This duster might be ok for a few pots , maybe one 4 ` x8 ' raised bed . That 's it ... IMHO too pricey for such limited application . Might as well use a strainter ... . it would require less strength and would throw just as much blob of DE as this `` duster '' . I wish I would have had the time to check it out within 30 days , it would have gone back to amazon , but my move took longer , there were priorities and I did n't get to check it till past 30 days :-LRB- . Now I just use it on a few plants on my 4 ` x4 ' box plus a pot or two , some ant hills etc. . . Works on ant hills better as it spits out way too much , so there it 's ok ... = grabbing a handfull and throwing it there . I would put this product in gym equipment more than gardening :D Forgot to add
 This item produces a good dust cloud , but way too much product leaks out from the air intake . Consequently , you get rotenone , or whatever , all over the place , and wastes most of the dust .
 Ok ... thought I 'd give it a try . This thing has a serious design flaw . Loaded the sulfur in the hopper ... and like many other reviews ... much of it fell right out the gap on the bottom . Sulfur everywhere . Cleanup took longer than dusting with the manual duster I had . Needless to say ... this is going back and I am buying the dustin mizer brand that has very good reviews . Went cheap and paid the price .
 I agree with others that the dust does not come out evenly or consistently . I have to frequently shake it to get an adequate dust stream . This is my second season and the turn handle broke this week . I 'm not seeing a great alternative out there but this is too pricy for a one season product .
 Cheap plastic junk , more like a childs toy . Worth maybe $ 3.00 but not $ 30.00 . I turn it as fast as I can and I might see a small puff of dust about every five turns . I will be sending mine back . Do n't waste you money .
 I purchased this to do my fruit trees at my farm house in the adrondaks when i got up here this weekend i opened it up and attached the handle all went together easy i then opened the 50 lbs of de and put 2 cup full 's in the hopper . I went out to the orchard and started cranking the first few winds worked and after that nothing , I then shook it and cranked again same thing it worked for the first few cranks then nothing i repeted this for 20 min and got tired of it and did my trees by hand , in less time . This is Junk do not buy it . I could not return because i am 2 days past the return date as i just got to try it .
 Ordered two - both defective.Seems that the `` worm screw '' and screen are too close together causing hard cranking . Screw may be out of tolerance and `` forced '' to fit .
 Mine also seized up after 10 minutes . I took it apart and found the gears are greased and when the powder mixes with the grease and heats up it makes a paste and thats what causes them to stop turning.i used diatomaceous earth which is very fine , not sure if thats the problem . if anyone has any better to distribute DE please let me know.I 'm going to clean this one and try it again dry .
 I 've had three of these . The device does a wonderful job of spreading dust . My need is to spread dust containing Bacillus Thuringiensis -LRB- BT -RRB- bacteria -LRB- Dipel brand -RRB- for organic control of above ground destructive worms in my vegetable garden . Bought the first one last year and used it all summer very effectively . This spring , very early in the SC growing season while dusting cabbage , the handle broke while I was using the device . While this should n't happen , I thought , maybe I was cranking too hard . So another one was bought from a local supplier . After maybe 10 minutes use of gentle use , the mechanism seized . The second unit was exchanged for a third one , and after maybe 10 minutes use , it also seized . Will use my refund to purchase a different model.I 've used Dipel BT dust for years . It has the consistency of Sevin dust . While I have n't been able to confirm whether the Dipel dust was a factor , I tend to doubt it.No more Powder Mill Dusters for me !
 After having read the reviews I thought I would try my luck with this tent . I loved the space and ease of setup . I took the tent home and immediately set it up in the backyard . The next afternoon we took it down and set it up at the campsite . After a few hours I noticed the tent was pulling apart at the seam joining the floor and side . Fortunately it did not rain and was too windy for mosquitoes . I returned the tent and chose not to purchase another .
 The first time we set up this tent , the floor seam ripped . We took it back and were assured this was a good tent so we exchanged it . When we set it up , it ripped in the same place . It is not fun having mosquitos in the tent . I would not get a tent like this if i were you .
 Oh great - now they 're giving you TWO cans of worthless scented spray . Cutter has a lot of nerve putting junk like this on the market . If anything , it excites the mosquitos and appears to feed them into a biting frenzy . I 'm sure they 're trying to be `` green '' or the gov ' t cut them a deal or something . Maybe Cutter feels guilty for killing all the world 's mosquitos , so instead filled the can with Prozac so nobody would care . But I can spray this stuff into a swarm and the swarm will get bigger ! It actually attracts them , and after emptying the can , one hour later they swarm was huge with NO sign of dead mosquitos anywhere.Use YardGuard or Coleman 's campsite fogger - this stuff is a joke . I noticed they also got it past Home Depot 's and Lowes buyers too - their salesmen must be able to sell snowballs to eskimos
 I 've had varied degrees of success with this type trap . I found that sometimes with smaller mice the door would not shut and the peanut butter would be gone . I took to balancing the trap door so that it almost triggered itself . Problem is , sometimes it did , or the slightest vibration would trip it . Now I have a very crafty mouse who has figured out how to get the bait and leave with the door shut . Could be he is big and the trap is n't long enough . My theory is that the mouse tail hangs out a bit preventing the door from completely closing and the mouse can back right out of the trap , the door closing behind him . I think if the tube were longer it would work better . Also , one angry mouse gnawed right through the plastic . All that being said , I caught 13 mice , mostly smaller ones or ones I got to immediately after I heard the door snap shut . But bottom line , I still have a mouse problem and have now been about 3 weeks with not a catch , but bait is gone . Going to try a different brand .
 These traps are completely useless . I had a hav-a-heart trap and i caught multiple mice with it , in a couple of weeks -- but i bent the door latch and decided to try these ... big mistake . In more than a month , I 've caught just two mice -LRB- I used to catch two mice at once with the other trap -RRB- . The traps tip if your floor is n't perfectly even , so every morning I come in to empty closed traps . -LRB- And today , I found a trap from which a mouse had managed to escape -- he pushed the cap off the end after he finished off the peanut butter . -RRB- I 'm upset that I wasted money and time with these . I 'm ordering a new hav-a-heart trap now -- I need a mouse trap that actually works .
 We have 3 of these traps and easier to set than others with a very tiny smear of peanut butter . The mouse come out every night and tip these over and of course they are all snapped shut . Imagine coming into the kitchen every morning and all traps are moved and closed ... we get all excited thinking we have mice inside ... not one . Last week all peanut butter was gone out of each trap . This week we tried cheese . Sure enough the cheese disappeared . So , the mice are fast and smart . They get in the trap , take out the food and push the door open , somehow ??? We have the grey Victor mice traps set out too . The mice are afraid of them because of the snapping noise . We also have a dark green plastic box trap that is low to the floor with a bait trap and metal flap . Mouse have not entered this one . What a game ... seems they are smarter than we thought . We have 7 mouse traps in kitchen and last night they came out with the light on and we could hear them banging into them and playing and raising hell . Almost giving up on the whole have a hart thing ... it 's been 2 weeks and not one caught . Very Fustrated .
 I bought three of these not only because they are a humane option -LRB- killing is NOT an option in my house -RRB- but because of their price . I set them out at night and checked them in the morning . Nothing for two days . Then on the third morning I noticed a pile of black shavings under the door which was about 75 % closed . The mouse had gone in , ate the peanut butter , then chewed the plastic and got out . These are too cheaply made . Do n't waste your money . I just purchased the more expensive greenfeet trap to see if that works . I also had tried making my own from a soda bottle - did n't work either .
 I followed all the instructions on the box , but so far I 've only caught one mouse out of 8 attempts ! The other 7 traps contained the slight remains of peanut butter and a lot of mouse droppings . This was a HUGE disappointment to me .
 I had one of these for about 10 years , and it worked fine -LRB- with annual maintenance , however -RRB- . So I bought this identical unit a few years ago , and can not get it to start ! I 've taken it in for service -LRB- to two different places -RRB- ; after a while , the guys will get it to start , but just state that it is tempermental . Too bad - the snow is not tempermental , and I have to go out with a shovel!This is my last Toro . I 'll seek out another brand next time .
 My father was a big fan of Toro . The last snowthrower he bought I inherited and it lasted for 25 years . When I needed a new one , I bought this one . This is the third winter for it and at the beginning of each season I have to have it serviced because it wo n't start , even though I run all the gas out of it in the Spring as required . I may have gotten a lemon , because it certainly has left a sour taste in my mouth for Toro . Very disappointing .
 I had my Toro for 4 years and up until the end it worked very well other than a nob falling off from vibration -LRB- thankfully I was able to find it after the snow melted -RRB- Unfortunately last winter I was clearing my driveway when I heard a horrible clunk and the machine shut down . I took it in for service and was told that it had a broken connecting rod and I would probably be better off buying a new machine because it was going to be expensive to fix . -LRB- almost as much as new -RRB- I contacted Toro about the problem and all they could tell me was that `` it 's out of warranty so we ca n't really do anything for you , but have you looked at some of our newer machines ? '' Why would I buy another Toro when I just had one that lasted less then 4 years and with the snowfall we 've had in the Detroit area I doubt I 've used it more than 20 times . To say I 'm disappointed in the quality of this snowblower would be a massive understatement . I would have expected to get at least 10 years use out of it before having to do anything other than changing the plug . I would definately warn people away from this machine since it 's durabilty is suspect , and Toro wo n't stand behind it .
 I was given this unit as a gift in 2003 . I 've used it probably 30 times in these past five years . Each year I run the tank dry and when winter approaches I fill the tank with fresh gas and oil . Despite that the unit has stalled repeatedly , has been difficult to start using either the electric starter or by pulling and is easily overcome by the snow in the northeast . When I contacted the local Toro recommended dealer , he stated that since I had to store the unit outside in the winter , it was probably too cold for the unit to start -LRB- 18 degrees F -RRB- . Based on my experience with this expensive unit that repeatedly stalls or fails to start , I would not recommend purchasing a CCR Powerlite 325 , model 38182 .
 After using the snow blower four or five times , it would n't start . Because it was only a few weeks old , I took it to the authorized service center . The technician said the cylinder was scarred , which was consistent with the engine being used without oil in the gas.However , for the first batch of oil-gas mix , I used the oil supplied with the blower . The second -LRB- and current -RRB- batch was a different brand , but the technician said the mix indeed had oil in the gas . The machine always had a gas-oil mix . He said he would call Toro to see what they had to say , suggesting a total engine replacement . Great.What 's more , the web site would not identify the serial number on the box.I am very disappointed with what typically is a brand name with a great reputation . I could not recommend this product for any reason .
 This snowblower is fine when its working however , parts fall off when in use and starting at the beginning of the new season is a dubious proposition . I have had it repaired but , now consider the cost of repairs exceed its value . I am looking for a different snowblower . My first snowblower was Toro 's 1800 powercurve . It worked dependably but , it lacked weight -LRB- it 's hollow wheels were a joke -RRB- and therefore lacked traction . I bought this model hoping for more power . I got the power ; it just came with a temperamental personality .
 I bought one of these and the engine siezed up after 10 minutes of use . The retailer accused me of not putting oil in the gas , but I did mix the fuel correctly . I do know how to take care of 2 stroke engines . Anyhow , unless you 're getting this free , I 'd recommend finding something else .
 My machine is less than one year old and upon the fourth time I used it , the engine stalled a couple of times and finally would n't start . I could n't pull the cord out anymore . I took it to the dealer and he said he got some gas out of the carburator bowl and claims I had no oil in my gasoline . This is simply not true . He claims the engine is seized because of it . It 's now a case of he says , I say ... I still the have the fuel mix I drained out of the tank for safety purposes since I was taking it to the dealer in my car . The gas clearly has oil in it ... . I called Toro today and was told to call back on Monday and speak to a supervisor ... . Hoping that Toro backs their product .
 I found the tool heavier than anticipated . The largest drawback for me was the lack of a cushioned handgrip . I returned the product .
 Bought one . Blade twisted at the hinge on the first 1/2 '' shrub cut . Took it back and got another . Same result . Would not even fold up properly after a days use as blade no longer lined up to close.These guys may be good to cut flowers but on hardwood shrubs or small trees they are a waste of money .
 I purchased this item recently ... and returned it right away . While Leatherman offers excellent Multitools , this gardening tool is rather pathetic for anything other than extremely light use . I am an avid city gardener and purchased this product thinking I could have an all-in-one tool as I do my daily garden maintenance . However , none of the tools really measure up for any significant use . The pruners are average at best , much better bi-pass pruners can be had for less with much more comfortable handles -LRB- I concur with many of the other reviewers , the handles are terrible ... not just uncomfortable , but not nearly strong enough for the job -RRB- , the weeding tool is a joke ! It 's not long enough to pull weeds unless you practically bury the handle in the ground ... and then you 'd have dirt clogging up the mechanics of the tool . The saw is completely impractical , and the other tools are hardly worth mentioning . Again , I normally like Leatherman tools , my husband can not be found without his multitool on his belt , but this simply is not up to the task of serious gardening . If all you do is EXTREMELY light work and you like gadgets , then by all means give it a whirl . However , if you are looking for useable tools in the garden , I suggest looking elsewhere .
 I returned this tool . I found the handle very uncomfortable compared to the few hand pruners I already have ; perhaps , my hands are just too small , or my grip is too weak . I also found the little tools very difficult to open . After thinking about it for a day , I realized that I would find it too annoying to bother with or to even pass it on to someone as a gift . I knew I 'd prefer walking to my garage to get the tools that I liked working with .
 I am a landscaper . I use a lot of hand pruners . I thought it would be nice to have a small handy unit like this one . It has not been used for over 10 minutes total -LRB- used 3 different times -RRB- and that was just to trim some dead ends off of small shrubs . It was very sharp - impressive . The first time I used it , it was fine . The next time I used it , it seemed to catch a bit . The third time I could hardly get it to cut and had a difficult time getting it to fold up completely to put in sheath . The problem - the sharp blade appears to be biting into the anvil and the steel might be soft enough that it is causing nicks that then catch on the anvil . There are 2 spots on the blade where this has happened . If I had cut wire , dropped it , or misshandled it in some way it would be understandable , but this has not been the case . I have never ever had this happen to a hand pruner before . I do not know if it is a bad design because of the angle of the blade , imperfections in the anvil or too soft a steel in the blade ... but this is bad . Result - I am sending the tool in for warranty . My preferrence is for them to replace it . If the next one is OK then it was that particular tool that was BAD ! This should not happen with a tool that costs as much as a Leatherman . This was my first Leatherman . If I have similar problems with the next one it will be my last . I am told it can take up to 3 weeks on the turn around . My spring season will be gone by then !
 These cushions are good . They arrived on time and were in every way as promised.They are really expensive for what you get and cost me about 50 % more than a pair I had ordered earlier this summer.Would not have ordered same cushions again at this price , but I wanted them to match .
 This was my first Amazon order and the item shipped in Green instead of Red that I ordered . My invoice said Red , the packing slip said Red , but the wrong color shipped . And when I took it to a 4th of July picnic it leaked through the outside of the tote . Very disappointing !
 Adequate item for price . Complaints would be holes in net larger than I would personally like and supplied plastic stakes cheap , forcing me to get metal U-shaped lawn staples from Lowes .
 Well what do you expect for under $ 20 , but when we got it it is no more than a thin fabric with a screen print on it . The print is not vibrent or rich but looks faded . It is also very thin and almost transparent . The other flags we have are bold and rich looking , you dont want cardboard thick but american flag thick . This one I dont think will last the season . But if you want something quick and cheep it may work for you.The stitching for the top seems to be holding well on our flag rod and the design is nice . It is just hard to see in bright sun or if there is any wind and it is moving .
 I was so disappointed that this flag was only imprinted on one side . Any flag with wording on it should be clearly printed on each side . The colors are pretty and it 's too late to get another Easter flag but I would n't order from this company again .
 My son uses this for his school books and by the 3rd day , the fabric had frayed and the rope came through the hole .
 I followed the directions on the back of the container ... Two days later the ants were crossing the line I created , so I reapplied again , this time using more than directed . A week or so later , ants ... . I would n't buy this again .
 This product used to work when I first bought it about 3 years ago . They must have changed the formula , there is no other explanation . It does not work at all . Do not waste your money .
 This product is VERY ineffective ! Not only does it not keep bugs out , it hardly kills some bugs when you spray directly on them . I had a short stint of roaches -LRB- no help -RRB- , stink bugs -LRB- they laughed at it -RRB- , and spiders -LRB- they died after several minutes -RRB- and again , its not worth the money . Definitely a product that 's falsely advertised .
 This product is used like a wall of sand , you put it outside and when the ants find it they have to walk around it . If you put it all around your house then the ants have to walk on the sides of walls -LRB- where the sand does n't stay -RRB- . Also if a little water gets on this sand , than the sand is useless . Big waste of money .
 Never received this item even though I paid for it . Getting in touch with Amazon to report this was impossible . Seems like Amazon is NOT customer service friendly since you can not contact them .
 First of all , this model was discontinued . I bought one for $ 169.99 a couple years ago . The thermal couple burns out in a year and you ca n't get a replacement because they do n't make the part any more and it 's design is proprietary . You have to get a generic one and `` customize '' it to work . Do not expect ANY customer service . They 're rude and not helpful at all and once you 've bought their product they could careless about you . As far as function goes , it does n't really do that well on it 's own . It 'll catch a few mosquitos here and there . The problem is it does n't use octenol which is a chemical attractant . I bought an octenol cartridge for another machine and modified this one to use it and it works great . Definately not worth the hassle . Look for another machine that uses propane and octenol . They 're out there for less than this one and you 'll be much happier .
 We have had this in our yard for one month and it is not catching mosquitos . Called the company today and they will not refund , said that is impossible and that I need to return it for a new one at MY COST . Told them I expect them to pay the return shipping since it is their faulty product . They will not . Terrible customer service . The woman hung up on me after I requested to speak with a manager . Steer clear of this company and this product .
 It does not work!During the first summer of use it barely caught any mosquitos -LRB- if you count 15-20 . I would expect a shopvac to do as well . -RRB- and there was no difference in the level of mosquitos in the yard.The next year it would not light so the propane was useless . It can not be repaired and customer service is a joke . I regret ever purchasing the product , especially considering how much I spent on it . I feel like a real sucker.You might as well give your money away to charity , it will do more good .
 If you have the invasive tiger mosquitos , this device will attract them but fail to kill them . These mosquitos are strong fliers and simply fly away from the meger suction provided by this device .
 We bought 2 of these to cover our rather large yard . Granted mosquito season was well under way BUT we did n't notice much of a change-even right next to the machine . WE gave it 2 months and found very few dead ones in the trap . I wish I could return it but I 'm afraid too much time has passed .
 This is my second PRO3000 Analog Toner , the first one got a short circuit after one year of daily use . The second one started smoking after three months . I use the tone generator for digital lines on Siemens PBX . The tone generators are not made for daily work , they will get a short and start draining you battaries as if they were on all the time . If you take them apart you can see were the circuit board was shorted out and burned . This could start a fire if left unatended while you tone out your cables.I would not recommend the tool for professional .
 This is pretty , yet does not function like an authentic rain chain . It 's also coated steel , not copper . If you 're looking for the beauty of a real rain chain , I do n't recommend this .
 I just received my water key and the quality of the socket is very low . All they did was bend a piece of metal into a U shape and put it on the end of the rod not like the socket type I have used in the past that has a slit in it . Had I seen a close up of the end I would have not ordered it .
 This was a xmas gift for my husband , you can feel the cold can when you hold the holder.Thermos always in the pass did it jobs on cold & hot . Guess , nothing is made the way it was long ago .
 The supplier did write that ` styles may vary ' , and it did . It is not a genuine Thermos product but likely a fake , sold as if it is a Thermos product . Its silicon black ring around the neck is very thick and inconvenient to drink from , and not what is shown in the picture . I wish they had told that suppliers/manufacturer may vary , instead of ` styles may vary ' . I had a genuine Thermos p2700 can holder , which is much more convenient and better quality .
 First off I do n't want to give the impression that this product does n't do its job ... it keeps your beverage cold for much longer than it will take you to drink it . Some of the reviews I read mentioned the inside diameter being too large for certain beer cans to fit snuggly -LRB- I think coors and keystone are in this category . just a little taller and skinnier -RRB- but I rarely drink any of the beers with this style can so I saw that as no issue for me personally . Unfortunately , it is a little too large even for standard diameter cans ... the black rubber collar thing stabilizes it pretty well , but there is no excuse for the way it fits.I inspected 8 opened , partially consumed cans and 8 unopened cans to make an educated judgement on the matter before posting this review . I felt it was a properly random selection of beer , coca-cola , pepsi , and generic store brand sodas . I 'm a machinist and I like to geek out like this once in a while.Open cans ... 2.582 '' - 2.590 '' -LRB- range of sizes between cans checked -RRB- Unopened cans ... 2.596 '' - 2.601 '' -LRB- range of sizes between cans checked -RRB- Inside dia . of can insulator ... 2.635 '' - 2.675 '' -LRB- minimum and maximum sizes from several measurements taken along various diameter paths -RRB- The fact that the insulator is a little out of round is of no concern . It 's flexible enough to conform to the shape of the can inside . The difference in diameter between the cans and the insulator is basically around 1/16 '' which may not seem like much off the top of your head , but it 's enough that you can feel and hear it shifting each time you tip it toward your face to take a sip . For $ 15 I find this pretty annoying . The rubber collar at the top has a snug enough grip on the can that it does keep the cold in and the hot out , but I really expected better thought to have gone into the product ... I spent about 10 minutes coming to this conclusion sitting in my kitchen.I may have gotten a bad one ... I do n't know cause I only bought one . But if beverage manufacturers are able to hold the size of their millions of cans within 0.02 '' , Thermos needs to step it up and do the same . A full unopened can should just barely not be able to sink to the bottom without some assistance.I 've owned many Thermos products in the past that I was happy with , and I plan to call them up and share my opinion as a customer.Bottom line
 Works best if thermos is chilled before use . But even then , may keep inserted can and contents cool for longer than usual , but not sufficiently so .
 They work like they say and keeps my beer cold a lot longer , BUT the rubber pieces at the top was not attached , I did not realize this and this was the area I was picking it up by . With in two weeks I picked it up that way and the beer and bottom fell , and I ended up with a full beer down my front . As we were Kayaking when it happened and before I could tell my husband what happened his did it but he lost the rubber top . SO I spent a lot of money on something that while it worked it only lasted two weeks . The bottom of it says made in China maybe if it was made in America it would last longer ?
 My son uses this for his school books and by the 3rd day , the fabric had frayed and the rope came through the hole .
 I love the vibrant color of this cooler and I found the wheels both convenient and round . However , at $ 1127 , I almost feel like I could have got a better deal if I had shopped around a bit more . Still , I feel happy and confident knowing that this fine product is offered at such a fair and honest price . $ 1127 is not ridiculous at all .
 I was excited to get this watering wand because I read so many good reviews about it.It comes packaged pretty much as-is , no box or packaging . It seems to be well made and feels sturdy.I looked a little closer at the sticker on it and this is what it says : `` The brass in this product contains lead . This product contains chemicals known to the state of California to cause Cancer . Wash hands after touching this product . `` Sorry but using lead in the production of a watering tool is a very bad idea . Using lead in the production of anything is bad for the environment and usually produces toxic byproducts that need to be dumped somewhere.It 's 2012 , ca n't they figure out how to make a watering wand that does not cause Cancer ?
 The valve went after just a few months . Had to throw it away and get a different model that did n't have the handle .
 These are the worst watering wands ever made . I 've worked 35 + years as a horticulturist and I 've used my share of watering wands . The valve breaks almost immediately and makes the whole wand useless . Buy a watering wand without the `` touch-n-flow '' feature and get an ball valve attachment .
 I bought two . I had the same issue as the other reviewer . The shut off no longer shuts off completely . They replaced one , but did n't send a head.I 'm now trying to process the replacement of my other one . Do not buy these . When they work , they 're fine , but both of mine worked for less than 3 months.These are relatively too expensive to work for such a short amount of time.I kept them out of the sun , etc. . Just a piece of junk .
 Brand new and it leaks at the hose joint . The threads are some cheap pot metal . If you try to tighten enough to stop the leak it will strip . Even worse the thread metal will redox react with a brass hose eroding the joint . Looks good but is otherwise worthless .
 First , the order did n't come for a few weeks . To Amazon 's great credit when I complained they responded immediately and a new order was placed and arrived the next day . The wand itself works okay but the head on it has no adjustment and is n't a great spray for our uses . It does allow for a different head to be put on which I did . It was a fair amount of money for something that does n't adjust .
 I ordered this and the Toro wand . The Toro is actually worth the price and is heavier and of solid construction . This one is very lightweight and obviously cheap . It has no spray adjustments and the head is immovable . It should be priced around $ 10 instead of $ 25 . Home Depot has one that is $ 10 that is better than this one .
 I bought 3 of the American-made 30 '' Dramm Rain Wands and every one of them had manufacturer defects that occurred in the first season of use . I bought these wands at a local nursery for $ 30 each -LRB- $ 90 total -RRB- . I 'm a tad angry about the situation , so I notified Dramm via email and then wrote a blog post about with a detailed description of the problems with photos -- -LSB- ... -RSB- . I 'm ready to buy some Chinese-made wands at less than 50 % the cost of a Dramm Rain Wand because I 'm so disgusted with Dramm 's insistence on selling a sub-standard product.Buyer beware of Dramm . They have the quality of a 1970 's Detroit-made American car !
 The wand worked pretty well for while . Then pieces started falling off and eventually the valve got stuck in the open position so you ca n't stop the flow of water . And just a minor annoyance , but the stickers on the unit have some ungodly adhesive that simply wo n't come off if you peel the sticker off .
 Length :
 We purchased this pond filter in late 2008 , and as of two years later it has just simply stopped working . We fortunately did not have the same issue as previous reviewers -LRB- cracks which lead to draining of the pond -RRB- , but overall this unit is not worth the money . For $ 200 + , you can most likely find a better filter that will last more than 2 years .
 I bought this item and there were 2 pieces missing . They were the screw on caps -LRB- item I -RRB- for the inflow and outflow . I returned the filter and received a new one . The new one must have been from the same defective group because it was still missing the 2 screw on caps.I am now going to try and deal with the manufacturer directly .
 Just a warning ... I purchased my Fishmate 2000 Pressure Filter from Foster-Smith on 5/2008 and it busted open leaking water from the side 5/2012 . Same thing happened to me as another reviewer posted from 2009 . Except I was lucky to catch mine before all of my fish died . I also cleaned it regularly and took proper care of it ...
 Received filter and plumbing pieces were not in the box . Had to go to hardware store to buy parts that were supose to be in the box . Items were listed in the directions .
 plastic , looks cheap and the lettering was scratched off when i opened the package . it took forever for the item to arrive and when it did i was disgusted with the quality.will not be ordering again .
 when I opened the package the plastic appliance to use the can was broken , so I ca n't use what 's in there . Unfortunately due to the ingredients I ca n't return it .
 The batteries only last a few minutes . If you have a lot to spray as I do , you 'll need a pack of batteries to go with it . The two AA batteries are not nearly strong enough to keep it going for long . I 've already used up four batteries , -LRB- two batteries , two times -RRB- and the sprayer is just over 1/2 empty , so my guess is it 'll take about eight batteries to get through the jug . They should have designed it with a 9V or something . I suppose if you have rechargeable batteries , it may be worth it , but batteries are getting expensive . If you have a very small yard and very little to spray around , this will work for you , but then why would you need this large jug for such a small yard ... ? Also , since there is no long nozzle , you need to bend over to spray and that gets to your back in a short time . As I said the thought was good for a powered sprayer , but the design has much to be desired . I wo n't buy this one again .
 I wear safety glasses in order to do my job . I often work at outdoor power plants and refineries . I was excited when i got a pair of polarized glasses . Yes , it was nice to have a pair of polarized glasses to reduce glare , and these have the nice dewalt name stamped on the side , but that 's where the good stuff ended.First , they felt cheaply made . These are double the price of other comparable safety glasses . You are paying for the name.Second , they were a little too dark . I move from well lit areas to shaded areas under equipment , and i could not see very well in these to work . I guess if you were outside working in direct sunlight they would be sufficient.Third , they were uncomfortable . Other safety glasses are much more adjustable . I agree with the other reviewer who noted that wearing a hard had with them is not comfortable.Fourth , they broke within a few weeks ' use . These are the only options available for polarized safety glasses at some of the home improvement stores . Luckily there is amazon . I suggest you check out the Radians before you buy these .
 These glasses lasted about a week . On removing them the frame broke . They were not treated roughly and appear to be poorly constructed . I used super glue to rejoin the top of the frame to hold the lense - it was this solution or send them back to get a refund - so far they have held together under very limited use .
 These seem to be nice and reasonably high quality for cheap sunglasses , the one star is because they are misrepresented as mildly tinted safety glasses . The polycarbonate lenses probably do qualify these for being safety glasses but the dark tint makes them bright daylight sunglasses only . They are way too dark for any safe indoor use and nothing in the product desciption warns you of this.BEWARE , If you want ` outside only ' safety glasses these are a good choice . If you want something that can be comfortable inside as well as out , these are not for you . Who would ever expect ` smoke ' to be at or less than 25 % ??? They are going back because they are not properly described and are useless -LRB- for me -RRB- .
 I thought these would be great , but they do not fit the face very well . I would recommend trying them on somewhere before buying online .
 i used the product multiple times in hopes of success , but after those multiple administrations i could see no evidence of success or that the population was controlled or diminished one iota . save your money .
 The bait did n't really attract the squirrels . I find my pellet gun is the only answer at this time . I intend on adding some peanut butter to the bait to see if that will do a better job .
 Do not order at this site ... I order that grill 2 monts ago , they send my one metal stick not the grill after 3 weeks ... . after i spend some time on the phone , i send it back , after 3 days ... . i receive the same thing ... I DONT HAVE TIME FOR THIS GUY ... I TAKE SOME TIME TO RIGHT THIS FOR THE OTHER PEOPLE
 I made the mistake of buying the side table , along with the coffee table , the Contentment Sofa and Contentment Armchair . I was pretty happy with my purchase until after the first time it rained . The rain washed most of the wood stain right off the furniture onto my patio , and left numerous brown stains all over my patio tile . The stains are permanent and have ruined my tile and patio . And now the furniture is much lighter and looks washed out . I will never consider another piece of Abhor-ia furniture and would recommend to everyone to look elsewhere .
 I bought this table along with 5 other Arboria products and all of them released their stain onto my concrete patio after the first rainfall . I can share pics if anyone is interested.I highly recommend against purchasing any Arboria products .
 I was very excited to receive this plant and it was packed in near perfect condition however once I got it out and replanted it into a bigger pot I noticed the leaves were shriveling . Then I noticed a small snail on one of the leaves . There were two large stems on the plant , it looked like one of them had gotten bigger then had been cut so this second stem was growing from the original one . I did n't think anything of it until a few days later the leaves started to shrivel up , die , and fall . There was severe yellowing and spots all over . She 's still hanging in there as I received this sometime early September but it still has n't bloomed or even hinted towards wanting to bloom . I 'm going to be contacting the seller soon and see if there 's anything I can do , though I 'm skeptical . For the ten or fifteen dollars that it was I could 've just gone to Home Depot and buy a plant that I had picked out without the yellowing leaves .
 Infested with broad mites , infected with virus . First had to buy a miticide -LRB- Avid -RRB- capable of killing off microscopic broad mites ... not easy to buy as it is mostly used commercially . Also , the leaves came scarred and curled over . All new growth is misshapen , leaf margins are curly , leaves are bent and hard , leaves are lightly mottled all due to leaf curl virus.Have to throw away the plant and disinfect .
 I originally left great feedback for this merchant because of fast service . However after following all directions , the plant just shriveled up and died . I had read previously on the net that some plants just do n't survive after being shipped in a cardboard box surrounded by packing peanuts , but I ordered this anyway . The other plant I ordered -LRB- Olive Tree , olea europaea -RRB- is doing just fine . I tossed the plant away and then contacted the merchant asking for a replacement . They told me to send a picture of the shriveled up plant , and I told them I do n't own a camera nor the software or whatever it takes to send a camera picture . That 's the last I heard from them . Live and learn .
 I received the plant . Plant died and called Amazone custmer service . They gave `` round and round '' ... I will never buy anything from Amazone ...
 the plant never blossomed . in fact the leaves remained stiff and the plant has no aesthetic quality . it was a waste of money and disappointment that when it finally arrived it was no good . all my other plants are blossoming just fine .
 I ordered several plants . They arrived and did n't look like anything in the pictures . One was sick and dying . It was small and only had a couple of branches . I contacted the seller several times but they did n't respond . I finally had to file an A-to-z Guarantee Claim with Amazon . This is a very dishonest seller .
 I bought this plant and a few others from Hirt 's Gardens via Amazon . The plants arrived this week and I could n't believe how small they were for the price I paid . The condition seemed OK , although I thought the packaging was a bit odd , but the plants were not much bigger than the seedling stage . The pictures of the plants do not reflect the size , it would take at least a couple of years to grow . I 'd save your money and try and find a local plant nursery , at least you know what you are getting and do n't have to pay the shipping cost .
 They arrived green , but in know time at all , with in two weeks , have dried up and died out . I 've tried even cutting them back , but feel they are just not suitable for the indoors . Wish there was notation that warned of this !!
 We ordered over 100 dollars worth of plants -LRB- 26 -RRB- . We were shorted one and later emailed it was actually out of stock . The plants arrived on time which was nice ! However it all arrived in one medium box ! They were all tangled together in one giant mess . The packing peanuts melted and fused to the plants . And they were all extreamly small ! I ordered plants not seeds or bulbs . Yet one plant arrived as a bulb ! Some only had one to two small sprouted leaves . I was highly disarisfied to say the least . I had to do aloe of searching just for contact information . I located an email after searching an hour it and sent 3 emails from 2 accounts . I was told sorry for error we will ship out missing plant ... I called 3 phone numbers I found no one would answer . No voicemail , nothing . I finally had to go through Amazon to get a response which was out of stockyou will be refunded plant.I strongly urge you to use disceation when purchasing from Hirt 's Gardens . The pictures are not what they sell . They use unauthorized photos . Seriously ! Research this you will see !
 I ordered 2 Jasmine Maid of Orleans from 9Greenbox early March 2011 . My order arrived on time and the packaging is good . I 'm just disappointed because the plants are small with just one stem and very fragile . I think it will take a while before this plant become establish and a long time before I see flowers.I will place this indoor by a windowsills and hopefully it will grow and blossom with a lot of flowers .
 I bought this after reading this is the jasmine they make perfume from.the plant has NO fragrance , very disappointing , i will not order from this company again .
 Received a twig with two leaves and considering the price it was no bargain . Not even sure it has roots but hope it grows .
 it came within days but within a couple weeks it was dead . plus all the pictures show a fresh green healthy plant . what i recieved was far less than that
 The plant was in okay condition . No flowers on it at all . I got another one from my local garden center for less and it was full of flowers .
 You will recieve it in a small envelope , leaves completely flattened , most will diePlant will grow but may take a year 1 + to flower
 My Plant arrived the very next day ! and was neatly and protectively wrapped and boxed from 9boxgreen ... That 's the only positive I have to say ! The Jasmine plant is about 4 '' in TOTAL height , which includes the 2 '' of roots exposed and had 8 very small leaves on 2 stems and of course no flower ! Since I have a very ` green thumb ' I will nurse this baby to a healthy plant !
 I am disappointed because my plant was dying when I got it . Plus the leaves seems to have bug bites or something because there was a big hole in one leaf . The other hole was smaller . My plant was wrinkly and I do n't think it will survive no matter how much I try to help it . I wo n't be ordering any more plants from this seller .
 The plant itself is just small and weak , and might be sick . Enough said , the plant simply died after a couple weeks . I am not a florist and I believe any average Joe will have a hard time to keep it alive
 This simply does n't work with slatwall systems because there is no clip on the bottom of the item . When you slip your bike tire in the item it just lifts the bottom of the item out of the slatwall and the whole thing falls down . It would probably work well if you screwed the item into a wall -LRB- without the slatwall -RRB- but that is not why I purchased it.If you are planning on using this with a slatwall system , DO N'T . It does n't work . I returned all four of these I purchased .
 My son uses this for his school books and by the 3rd day , the fabric had frayed and the rope came through the hole .
 I love the scent , and it works , but it you are going to be in humidity , or you are plannning on getting sweaty , do n't bother . It comes right off.I have used on my kids while playing in the yard and you just have to keep reapplying , which is kind of a pain.I also used this on a trip to Jamaica , and I still got bit up.Wish it worked better .
 I had high hopes with this product , but was left disappointed . I bought it for my niece and nephew to use while they were visiting , but it did n't work . We all used it and we were all still riddled with mosquito bites after spending the evening outside . Also , it smells like Pledge , does n't spray neatly out of the pump , and is a bit messy .
 This product not only has a terrible smell , but it attracts bees ! I put it on myself and my two small children and , each time we went outside , bees flocked to us . Needless to say , my kids were scared and wanted to go back inside . I 'm throwing this stuff out !
 I bought this to use on my 1 year old son and myself , when I was pregnant.Unfortunately , this did not agree with us .1 . CON - the spray did not function properly . I 'm not sure if we got a bottle that was made incorrectly , or if all the bottles are like that ... but when I sprayed it would come out in a straight line and leave a white mess of a splatter ... Eventually , I would spray it into my hand , rub my hands together , then apply it to my son/myself .2 . CON - We could n't stand the smell -LRB- my husband and myself - son did n't seem bothered by it but he is 1 years old ... -RRB- Since smell is subjective , I ignored the reviews about the smell and just went for it.Unfortunately , I have to agree with the other reviewers about the smell - it is very strong.I wanted to spray some on my hair/face and my son 's because we kept getting bit by mosquitoes in that area - and my son tends to swell a lot wherever he gets bitten -LRB- ears became dumbo ears for a few days - and eyes looked like he had been punched in the face -RRB- . Unfortunately , the smell was so strong that I could n't bring myself to put it too close to his face - may be a dab here and there in hopes that the bugs would stay away.It did tend to leave a tingly feeling when it was put on sensitive areas - such as the face/neck .3 . PRO - It did help keep bugs away although if I missed a spot - it 'd get us there . So , you do need to make sure you apply it well.Personally , I would n't recommend this product because of the smell and because it caused such a mess .
 I put this on my 5 year old , since it states its for kids , all natural , deet free . BEWARE ! My son had a severe allergic reaction and does not have sensitive skin . He has never had a reaction in his life like this . He was SCREAMING at the top of his lungs . I tried to call the company , big surprise , the number does not work . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT . I put some on myself and within minutes my skin was red and painful . Stick with California Baby !
 This stuff was worthless , we covered our daughter -LRB- Seriously COVERED -RRB- for 4th of july fireworks . Firewors where about 45 minutes long . She has so many bites we are taking her to the doctor tomorrow because here eyes and ankles have swollen .
 I ordered this for my son who is attacked by mosquitoes every day ... but this product did n't help ! I tested one day by not applying his usual bug spray . . what a mistake ! He still got 9 bug bites that night after only being outside for a hour ! I wish I could send it back for a refund ! By Avon 's unblock and bug repellent in one !!!! So much better , and it smells great too !
 I find it strange that this stuff works wonders for some and horribly for others . I 'm on the side of it does n't work at all . I also wonder if it 's not necessarily the formulation but the sprayer . The nozzle does n't make a mist , it makes a stream so when I spray it onto my skin , it just lands on one spot . I guess I can use my hands to spread it , but that is pretty tedious . And yes , the smell is very strong . It does n't smell great , but its tolerable for a bug repellant .
 This product is a 1 litre bottle for the same price as a gallon . They deliberately picture a one gallon -LRB- 4 litre -RRB- size and ship a 1 litre bottle.Check other places you can get a one litre bottle for around $ 22 - $ 29 .
 I got mine today and I am sending back . Three bowls were broken and no wonder , they are so thin - how can they possibly survive shipping from the country of origin and then USA domestic ? The metal frame that holds the bowls is not strong enough . So disappointed .
 Even in bright light , the pump is audible , but the water flow is unreliable . Not just a matter of clouds . I have seen 3v , `` bait well '' pumps work better . When it works it looks nice .
 I order this shovel and had to ask for a replacement twice . Each time the shovel arrived with a broken handle . I gave up and ask for a refund . Ca n't say how good it works because I never got a chance to use it .
 Handle came broke , ordered a new one . Broke 2 minutes in to using it . Ordered another same thing . I recommend drilling a few screws in to the handle and some duct tape to fix this issue . Other than that shovel works like a charm .
 I purchased this in 2011 , after a severe snow pile up left us with interior ceiling damage as things began to melt . I thought about opening the package many times to make sure all of the parts were inside , but I did n't . `` How many parts could there be ? '' I thought . `` Surely it 's highly unlikely that it will be missing a critical component . '' Yes , I am dumb.Fast forward to today . We 've had no significant snow since 2011 , but today we 're in blizzard Nemo . Happily , I retrieve my boxed roof rake from the garage . I open it and -- SURPRISE ! No hardware . No brackets , no bolts . No way to attach the head to the poles whatsoever . And conditions are already bad enough that I wo n't be heading out anytime soon . Unbelievable.I called Midwest Rake , and they are happily shipping me a hardware packet , but are somehow unable to get it to me any faster than standard UPS shipping ... which , given the weekend , will get it here in 5 or more days . Fantastic . And we 're forecasted to have MELTING DEGREE temperatures prior to that date . So . Looking forward to more ceiling damage this year ! Thanks , Midwest Rake!MORAL
 Not worth your $ $ for it . Mole continued to make holes in ground . Simply does n't do it 's job . Find something else .
 I bought this product with high hopes after reading the product reviews . Recently spent a ton of money re-landscaping our yard and putting down new grass . As soon as we finished Mr.Mole appeared and started tearing it all up . Reviews here were awesome so I gave the product a try . Used all 6 whole worms . Did n't touch the worn with my fingers or with anything with my scent on it . Found frequently traveled holes to put them in . Waited a week . No results . Mole still lives . Feel like I 'm on `` CaddyShack '' . The worst thing ? Mr.Mole continued to use the tunnels I put the worm in , even pushed the worms out of the tunnel in a dirt pile . 3 of the 6 worm locations resulted in big dirt patches . Moles hunt by finding the vibrations their food gives off when moving ... Not sure why I thought an immobile product would work . Time to call the exterminator . Save your money . This product does n't work .
 I followed the directions - took all the hints and darn near watched the moles go around these things . Top that off with the fact that the instructions tell you to remove them if not eaten in a certain period of time - what a waste and what an idiot I am .
 All I can say is that the 5 people that reviewed this product MUST work for `` Tomcat '' cause these little `` worms '' are as much of a joke as every other mole bait out there . I have used 5 boxes of these -LRB- yes , literally 5 boxes -RRB- and I have had NO success whatsoever . Granted , I must be a fool for spending over $ 100 on one product , but I have tried everything else and was desperate . Do n't waste your money . Not sure what else to tell you to try though , outside of making sure that your yard does n't have grubworms .
 I bought 3 packs of these over a period of 2 years and was sticking the worm 's halfs left and right into the tunnels in my yard . Moles just kept on digging . Dirt vibrators did n't work , poisoned peanuts did n't work , harpoon trap did n't work . Only yesterday I finally caught one mole with a nash mole trap -LRB- choker loop -RRB- .
 This tops my list as most worthless purchase of the year . The hard to apply , overpackaged guey snake did nothing except stick to me hands and everything it encountered .
 I have used four different types of traps and three types of bait . The problem with this bait is most of the moles ignore it . Maybe it it too large for the small moles in my yard .
 I bought these after reading good reviews on them . I am not sure why I did not have the same experience ! I used the whole box eventually and did not kill a single pest !! I followed the instructions exactly . They would make new mounds right next to my baited ones !! I would not recommend this product .
 I ordered this product because of the favorable reviews but I have not yet experienced such favortism . My moles tunnel around in the flower beds so it 's very easy to see every place they have been . Before my worms arrived I flatened out all the tunnels and then waited for new ones to reappear . When the Tomcat package showed up I cut the worms in half and deposited them in the tunnel in several different locations as directed . I took a short piece of 3/8 rebar and poked it down in the tunnel . It was very obvious when I reached the bottom of the tunnel so I pulled out the rebar and slid a worm down the chute and pinched off the hole . Then I waited ... . all seemed quiet . But a few days later , more tunnels . I added more worms . The tunnel activity continued . Yesterday I added more so I 'll see what happens . Maybe the moles in NW Washington do n't care for this brand . Or maybe I should add some Starbucks flavoring to get their attention !! UPDATE
 . . and I 'm the sucker ! Moles tunnel right past these worms and do not eat . This is probably as big a rip off as the sonic mole repellants . At least I could get my money back for those .
 I placed the worms as directed , even cut some in thirds as another reviewer suggested . I thought it worked , for about 2 days , no new mole activity . They are back and digging up other areas of my garden , It 's caving in . I dont dare collaspse the tunnels , as they tunnel in other areas , killing more plants ! I tried a 2nd dose and the same thing . As I understand , moles move every couple of days , using different runs , so you think you killed them , then they come back . Next , I 'll try the traps .
 Compared with two different digital thermometers , first thermostat indicated 6 degrees F under actual temperature , so I returned it and replacement was 7F below.It is unfortunate Timex lend its name to this substandard product .
 i have this thermometer in my garage , next to my water softener . i put the thermometer in there so that i could ensure that the temp was above freezing at all times to prevent pipes bursting . mine reads high . it seems permanently stuck around 70 regardless of the season -LRB- my garage is not heated -RRB- , which i think is funny because that is what it reads in the main picture for this product . i wonder if they just glued the hand on the face at 70 degrees . i ca n't recommend this to anyone , and suggest you look at a different item to meet your needs .
 Thermometer with glass lens is the description , but the product actually has a plastic lens . A promised glass lens is the reason I selected this thermomoter - very disappointed in what I received .
 This thermometer reads 5 to 10 degrees low , which is unacceptable , given that reading the temperature is its one and only function .
 This is easy to read because it 's huge . unfortunately it 's stuck on 105 degrees since I got it . defective product . Looks like I bought the last one so I ca n't even exchange it . suspicious if you ask me .
 Well the price is right but the page and description was hard to understand . It said product feature of six and said pack of 1 so I thought it would come for 1 pasck of six for the price . Add was very misleading and hard to follow . Needs to be fixed becareful when looking at this product
 It 's a good standard copper plug , used in tons of applications . What 's not good is the price . Caveat emptor
 Although nothing was wrong with this standard Champion plug - the description clearly states &#34; pack of six &#34; . Only one arrived , which left me short in a tune up . Going to Lowes solved the problem , and for much less . If this is what Amazon gets for a single plug , then go to Lowes or Home Depot , and you 'll pay 75 % less .
 Description of this product is wrong this is a pack of six In the description but you receive only one It 's big time miss leading
 Purchased this item brand new . Installed the pump only to find there is a crack in the strainer cover . Due to the crack in the cover pump does not function properly . Amazon was out of stock so I tried on 3 occasions to get a replacement from Hayward . Hayward has been no help . Would definitely NOT recommend Hayward . Poor customer service , poor quality control ! Next time I 'll choose another manufacturer .
 I bought a pair of these and what I did n't notice when purchasing was the little plastic bumper inbetween the spring and the blades . On my coronas the stopper is metal . . I ruined these pruners in literally 3 hours . They also became loose . . what a joke . . I bought them because I thought the shape was neat but the bumper is such a complete failure . waste of money .
 I bought a pair of these for pruning apple and pear trees and was very disappointed . The pruners were not capable of cutting branches the maximum diameter -LRB- 3/4in . -RRB- Even on branches 1/2in or less the blade would separate causing bark slip and torn fibers . The same problems persisted even after trying to tighten the blade . These pruners did manage to cut small branches 1/4in . well . I upgraded to a pair of Fiskars ratcheting anvil pruners without much improvement , next step is moving on to Felco F8 or F11 . Overall I was disappointed in this product based on the excellence of Fiskar scissors .
 The latch falls back into place often while cutting -- causing you to have to reopen them before making another cut . Annoying ! Maybe mine are defective?Other than that , they are made very well and seem very sturdy .
 Purchased the rain gauge as a Christmas present for my father in law . It worked fine for a week and he liked the features however it has now stopped working . The wireless device will not communicate with the rain gauge even though the batteries are good and the read out is working . We will see how Amazon responds to my request for a replacement then I will update my review .
 These wind chimes are so unmusical I wondered who would even consider writing this on the packaging . I thought that maybe someone in a foreign country made them and did not know what was written on the box because the dull clink of the copper was totally unmusical .
 arrives all tangled , suggest you discontinue this product ... I threw it out of frustration ... definitely not a purchase you want to make .
 When I received this item two of the teardop pendants were loose in the box and a 3rd one was sticking out of the side of it spiral casement . I had to spend some considerable time putting the whole thing together again . I 've also discovered , after being only a few weeks outside , that the bronze coating on the spiral casings are cracking , discoloring and peeling off . Pretty for a a week or so but fraught with problems .
 Was given this as a gift last year ... It has a small spinning device near the top , but it has never spun and does not chime ... but it looks nice , at least .
 My first order arrived with clear marbles , not multi - like it said on the manufacturer 's box . So I thought maybe it was a fluke and ordered another one as soon as I printed my return label.The second one arrived 2 days later . The internal box already had a rip in it , the marbles were knotted together and - once again - clear marbles instead of the multi-color indicated on the box and what I had ordered.I have another wind chime from this manufacturer which I absolutely love , hence the reason I bought this one . But since they ca n't seem to send me the product I ordered , there is no way of knowing how lovely this would be in my yard.Very , very disappointing .
 I replaced my old motor with a Hayward 2hp super II Jan. 2012 . In 3 months it began leaking . My pool company tightened a few screws which seemed to work temporarily . Within another 3 months it was leaking again . I filed under warranty and Hayward sent a repairman to replace parts . The next day the motor stopped working . It took 2 weeks and persistence on my part but Hayward replaced the motor and pump . They would not pay labor fees so I incurred additional costs . The water flow is less with this pump even though I 've been told its the same as before . I know this because the water does not flow adequately from my waterfall feature and it was before . This is creating additional issues . I think this Hayward motor/pump is defective also but of course they wo n't admit it and blame it on valves or other things that have not been changed . Overall BAD EXPERIENCE and I will not purchase another Hayward product .
 i bought this pump it did not work hayward sent a tech they tried hooking up a wrong motor week later came back with a new motor hooked it up that one also didnt work 3 weeks later still dont have a pump water turn really bad hayward does not want to do anything about it saying `` they dont make the motors take it out with the motor company `` so take it from my bad situation DO NOT BUY A HAYWARD
 I had a different brand that was a gift and had worked great for over 2 years . It got damaged so I looked for a replacement . My friends asked me to order them each one also -LRB- 5 in all -RRB- . They arrived , looked great in the package . When they were unwrapped we found that all 5 were poorly constructed . All of them had at least 1/3 of the wire grid that was not in place or the wire was too short to go all the way across . None of them worked . This is the worst constructed product I have ever purchased online . I do nearly all my shopping online , with the exception of groceries . 1 Star is too high a rating for this Bug Zapper ...
 I 've tried many different types of powdered shock for our above ground and this is just another one that does not hit the mark . It does n't completely dissolve and what does dissolve , takes lots of time and shaking in another container of water!Save yourself lots of hassles and purchase liquid shock locally !
 This shock is a Trichlor shock , which is not the typical calcium hypochlorite shock you find in most pool stores . I thought I 'd give it a shot because it was on Amazon making it convenient , and it was n't that expensive.Though it did shock the pool effectively , the odor of this product literally took my breath away and also gave me a rapid heartbeat on both occasions I applied it , and I was using a dust mask made for harmful materials + safety glasses . Both during and shortly after application this product emits noxious fumes . You can also smell the product at a lesser intensity for some time after application.While it is effective and cheap , I would never recommend it as its odor is noxious and I had to struggle through using the 5-pack .
 The image shows the packet that treats 15,000 gallons . This appears to be an actual photo of the packet . Yet listed below in the Product Features from the manufacturer it states each packet treats 12,000 gallons . A 3,000 gallon difference is more than a few drops of water . As a consumer , I want accurate information . I do n't know if this is a mistake by the manufacturer or a typo by Amazon .
 Gave these to my folks for Christmas . They 're colorful and seem to attract the hummers . But they leak like crazy -- so much that ants became a problem . We tried a number of solutions to limit the leaking , but I think it 's just a bad design . After a few frustrating months , they were taken out of service .
 These are much larger than you might guess , and come exactly as in the photo -LRB- two globes + accessories and one hanger -RRB- . They do n't look bad , but neither of the globes I received functioned correctly . Either an air lock would form in the tube , or the globe would lose suction and start squirting syrup out until it was empty . Every thing seemed well made and sturdy , just not well engineered .
 I loved the feeders but was disappointed to open the box and find one of the glass balls was broken .
 Read the description the dimensions are 4 ' X 4 ' X 14 '' or 19 cubic feet . A Cord of firewood is 128 cubic feet . This think can only handle a little more than an 1/8 cord of wood .
 These Woodhaven fire wood storage racks are NOT easy to assemble -LRB- I assembled the 48-inch quarter-cord -RRB- . They use bolts and nuts , but do not include the tools needed -- the instructions casually mention `` this will require two wrenches , 7/16 inch '' -LRB- sure -RRB- . For the typical household with a tool kit more oriented to working on computers than to working on tractors , nothing like that is going to be available . Working with more common tools -LRB- one pair of standard pliers , one mini-size locking pliers -RRB- the job is hard . The bolts and the welded bars get in the way of the tools so it requires hundreds of small movements , and the bolts slip and their heads get damaged . -LRB- You 'd need some sort of fancy offset wrenches or socket wrenches to avoid this . -RRB- The work has to be done upside down , so the most-seen tops of the uprights get scraped on the assembly surface . For this very high price , Woodhaven should include the pair of tools needed , and re-design the assembly process so the tools work easily .
 This item is highly overpriced ... I got the exact same sign for $ 169.00
 I 've tried many different types of powdered shock for our above ground and this is just another one that does not hit the mark . It does n't completely dissolve and what does dissolve , takes lots of time and shaking in another container of water!Save yourself lots of hassles and purchase liquid shock locally !
 This shock is a Trichlor shock , which is not the typical calcium hypochlorite shock you find in most pool stores . I thought I 'd give it a shot because it was on Amazon making it convenient , and it was n't that expensive.Though it did shock the pool effectively , the odor of this product literally took my breath away and also gave me a rapid heartbeat on both occasions I applied it , and I was using a dust mask made for harmful materials + safety glasses . Both during and shortly after application this product emits noxious fumes . You can also smell the product at a lesser intensity for some time after application.While it is effective and cheap , I would never recommend it as its odor is noxious and I had to struggle through using the 5-pack .
 The image shows the packet that treats 15,000 gallons . This appears to be an actual photo of the packet . Yet listed below in the Product Features from the manufacturer it states each packet treats 12,000 gallons . A 3,000 gallon difference is more than a few drops of water . As a consumer , I want accurate information . I do n't know if this is a mistake by the manufacturer or a typo by Amazon .
 It 's a good standard copper plug , used in tons of applications . What 's not good is the price . Caveat emptor
 Although nothing was wrong with this standard Champion plug - the description clearly states &#34; pack of six &#34; . Only one arrived , which left me short in a tune up . Going to Lowes solved the problem , and for much less . If this is what Amazon gets for a single plug , then go to Lowes or Home Depot , and you 'll pay 75 % less .
 Description of this product is wrong this is a pack of six In the description but you receive only one It 's big time miss leading
 Well the price is right but the page and description was hard to understand . It said product feature of six and said pack of 1 so I thought it would come for 1 pasck of six for the price . Add was very misleading and hard to follow . Needs to be fixed becareful when looking at this product
 The thermometer works well enough but the humidistat is totally off . Measures a constant 75 regardless of what my other instruments or humidifier measure -LRB- usually around 40 -RRB- . Do n't waste your money on this one .
 This product simply does not work . Do not waste your money . > It shows relative humidity of 60 % when actual relative humidity is 18 % . > It shows temperature of 80 degrees F when actual temperature is 72 degrees F.I am surprised Amazon is still selling this stuff .
 I tacked this item onto an order for the Honeywell TM005X Wireless Thermo-Hygrometer -LRB- very good product , works well , easy to read -RRB- as it was only five bucks and took my order over the $ 25 mark to qualify for free shipping . As noted in a couple of other reviews on this site , the hygrometer needle never moved off of about 70 % . I sent it to Timex -LRB- ? -RRB- or Maverick Industries , whoever they are , for replacement . The second one was no better , in fact the hygrometer needle fell off its pivot . Save your money .
 The spring type hygrometer never worked and is unadjustable . The spring type thermometer works sort of also unadjustable . Worthless plastic wall decoration , not recommended .
 This item does not read accurately . When put side by side with other thermometer / hygrometers temp was off by 10 degrees and roughly 15 % humidity off also .
 The dials for both the thermometer and the hygrometer never budged . Would not give proper reading no matter where unit was placed . Complete waste of money . Threw it away as it was useless .
 Hygrometer works , Temp is constantly at 78 degrees even when its well over 85 . complete junk.I sent an email to TIMEX about this product and the poor quality . They wrote back that they just license the Timex name to another company . I noticed on the back of the device it says `` Maverick Industries , Inc. '' . I assume that this is the real manufacturer . You can see their site for the product here
 this product is not useful as a hygrometer - it does not seem to move with humidity change
 I got this to monitor temperature and humidity in my guitar room . It unfortunately does neither properly unless you are willing to be off by 10 degrees and 10 % relative humidity.I generally offer positive reviews on things that serve simple purpose , but I can not recommend this item in good conscience . It is cheaply made and is not accurate .
 Hygrometer at 75 % and holding in all types of conditions ? The US has no Quality control over products coming in from other countries . Foreign products from tools to autos are starting to disappoint . If we limit ourselves to only foreign companies for products while Wall Street turns the US into a `` service economy '' well , we will just have to worry about the quality of hamburger we sell one another .
 I 've had this unit for two months and the hygrometer is still on 75 % relative humidity . The ironic thing is , if you look at the picture at the top of the page that unit is also on 75 % relative humidity.Update 8-29-2011 : I see this item is finally listed as unavailable ... thank goodness.I recently bought this : Acu Rite Indoor Humidity Monitorand this one works great .
 Placing this unit alongside 2 different -LRB- more expensive -RRB- digital sensors showed me the inaccuracy of the Relative Humidity measurement . The temperature was close -LRB- within 1-2 F -RRB- , but the RH % was high by more than 35 % . Do n't rely on this for RH % measurement at all .
 The picture above accurately captures what my unit looks like . It 's now been 2 days and the hygrometer has not moved off about 75 % -LRB- I 'm in Los Angeles-really dry -RRB- . An adjacent electronic unit registers a temperature within 2 degrees , and 43 % . Save your money and find something else .
 Temp . accurate to 2 deg . F Humidity of 40 % reads 75 % on meter . I returned to manufacurer for exchange . What I got back had the same problems . I would not recommend this product .
 Temp works fine , but the humidity is stuck at almost the same exact spot as the picture shown -LRB- 70 % -RRB- . The unit only cost 4 $ , but its 4 $ to ship it back , I 'm just trowing it away ...
 Titles say it all , it 's cheap and it 's junk . We bought 6 and all 6 were defective .
 We bougth 3 sku and all of them show a different reading . No way to know what is the real humidity .
 When I recieved the product the temperature needle was bent so it was off by 3 degrees anyways . After using it for a day and a half the needle got stuck and never moved again even when placed in the freezer it would still display 89 .
 The hygrometer portion of this device does not work at all . The needle moves slightly in response to humidity , it maybe has a 10 % range total and is calibrated completely incorrectly .
 This item was a joke . I do n't think the hygrometer moved a bit since I 've had it .
 Item doesnt fit the grill I ordered it for will have to be cut down and fitted to it thus damaging the ceramic coating Local walmart cheapy is working fine
 I would rate this product unacceptable . Only found out after assembly that the crank mechanism was frozen . Could n't turn the hose reel . Had to disassemble the whole thing and ship it back . Major inconvenience . Typical item that has no Chinese quality control . This whole thing made me swear I would NEVER order another item like this on the web .
 I did not buy this reel on-line , I bought it at my local True Value store under the name Green Thumb Professional Hose Reel Cart , model # TC4706 . I had problems right from assembly where the reel would n't even turn , so I returned that for a different one . This turned very hard and I ended up repairing the thing myself -LRB- I 'm a maintenance mechanic -RRB- simply because I needed the reel right away and everything else I could could find was even junkier plastic . Living in Wisconsin , it got stored during winter . Apparently water can get into the inside of the frame of the cart , it froze , and blew out all the tubing at the bottom at the welded seam . this cart only lasted 3 years with a LOT of maintenance , and now the handle has broken off . Were the part available , it would be a cheap , easy fix . There is zero support out there for these and zero parts availability . There is n't even a manufacturer listed on the assembly drawings/manual . Nothing . If something breaks , this thing is junk . Actually it 's junk new in the box , but I digress . Do n't waste your money on one of these ; you 're better off buying a new junk plastic one every year and tossing it after a year 's use . I rated it at one star only so it would not be mistaken for a 5 star rating , else I would not have even given it that . Typical China crap .
 I was expecting this thermometer to be somewhat inaccurate , like + / - 2 degrees or so . But it 's off by over 10 degrees ! What 's worse is there is absolutely no way to calibrate it . The plastic case seems to be glued or welded together -- impossible to open it without destroying it .
 This is a nice looking wall thermometer , and it certainly was inexpensive , but I guess you ca n't expect perfection for the price . It seems to be accurate sometimes , but even in the shade , it was giving higher temps by ten or fifteen degrees outside ... I think it 's too easily affected by the heat of the wall ... but since it 's intended to hang on the wall , not sure how else to do it ? It might be better inside . I would n't buy it again .
 I received it and the hand to tell temperature was broken off . I sent it back , got a new one and the attachment to hang it up on the back was upside down so to hang it up the numbers would be upside down . My husband decided just to put a different attachment on it rather than send it back again . Very flimsy .
 Initially seemed to work well , squirrels slid off unto the ground , but before too long , they figured it out . Device could possibly be a little wider for a better effect . The key is having a more resistant bird feeder .
 It is hard to believe anyone still sells Kentucky 31 anymore on a consumer site like Amazon . It is a forage pasture grass only at this point . It produces a coarse , light green turf that only a suburban tract builder could love . It was good in the 1950s , but since then dozens of tall fescue cultivars have been developed that are better than K31 in every way -- appearance , disease resistance , germination . Just search for `` Tall Fescue '' and you will find dozens of alternatives that are no more expensive and far better in every way than this seed . Unless you are raising cattle in your backyard , buy a modern Tall Fescue . Falcon is a good one , but there are many others from name brand companies .
 I purchased 6 units approximately 21/2 years before writing this review . In the time that has passed , 4 units have failed for varied deficiencies including , but not limited to 1 -RRB- failed head gaskets , b -RRB- a failed relief gasket , and c -RRB- a failed bypass valve . During a longer span of time , there have been zero failures of installed Champion branded valves . I conclude that the Orbit product is a failure waiting to happen . Given the time an expense of installing sprinkler valves , I strongly recommend that interested purchasers buy the genuine article -- the Champion anti-siphon value with automatic manifold .
 Two to three years ago I installed one of these Orbit valves to replace a Champion that had lasted 30 + years . Last week the Orbit valve failed , hardly any water is passing thru when the solenoid trips via the timer . I have 5 other Champion valves all 30 + years old , they are still going strong . You all know the pain it is to replace one of these valves if you are a DIY type , no more Orbits for me , I 'm going back to brass Champions . Btw , I got mine at Home Depot . Stick with Champions folks , their sprinkler timers are great too .
 I 'm a beginner -LRB- now novice -RRB- at all this . Hours of internet research , several books . Bought four to match existing units . One has failed after only a 1/2 year . Thought it was the solenoid and bought one . Finally just bought a new value . All this was a very expensive learning lesson . After looking at the Amazon reviews , will try RainBird from here on out.December 28 , 2009Two more have failed . The Home Depot clerk said it should n't , because it 's the top of the line . Really disappointed with the product . Have given it two stars prior , will drop it drop it down to one .
 I bought Orbit solenoid sprinkler valves and have to say they are cheap Chinese products . Two have failed in no time for unrelated reasons . Home Depot and other stores sell lots of good looking but extremely poor quality Chinese products that are seemingly cheap but do n't last very long . China uses garbage materials and engineer things to sub minimal tolerence . Once you factor in repair and replacement time they are far more expensive than formerly American made products which used to last for decades ! If China sold cars in the U.S. you 'd really see a failure rate , they certainly would n't be making Toyotas . Time to create jobs by bringing industry back to America and having good and lasting products again ! You just have to keep fixing and replacing Chinese products and if you do n't do the labor yourself it gets real costly besides being simply annoying . It 's great that these cheap products are making the rich richer and are also a major reason for joblessness in the U.S. is n't it .
 I bought 6 orbit brass valves less than a year ago . 3 have stopped functioning . I was looking for the solenoid but I think I will go buy another brand of brass valve after reading these reviews
 My old plastic top worn out . I bought this one to replace the top only . Works well with old system after one year.After 2 years , it failed . Change to 1 star
 I have 7 of these valves on my property . After some 12 years of use , some of these old valves are starting to wear out . The newly replaced valves , 3 currently , are failing at a rate of 1 every 2-3 weeks ! As long as Home Depot does n't mind sending these back to Orbit , I 'll continue to keep bringing them back to the store . It is very frustrating after having very little problem , and now this . I also find it ironic that you can no longer find the Toro or Rain Bird valves in the hardware stores ; what gives ?
 This is not a rug at all . It 's an outdoor mat for a porch or patio . It would be good for outdoors if thats what it was labelled . Warning ! Buyer beware . It is for outdoors.The worst part of the whole affair is that the company that ships it did n't give me my full refund back . I am in dispute with them over 20 % of the refund . I would never order anything from home decorators again .
 This was an adorable bird feeder that was supposed to deter squirels , but it did n't sending the feeder crashing to the ground .
 Do n't waste your money with this bird feeder - I purchased it because I thought it was cute and the price was right - but they should pay me for using it . It 's very poorly made , hard to fill , cheap materials , etc. , etc. , I think you get the point .
 I have been waiting for this Mat for almost a month from this company , I have yet to receive my item , after many emails to Montana Gift , I have not gotten my purchase , they did not even explain to me what went wrong with there delivery , I think they forgot . If I do receive my Mat from them , it will be the last item I will order from them . I have never waited for a purchase so long .
 The trimmer has so little power , it barely cuts and trims just regular grass . A waste of money , if you ask me .
 DONT BUY THIS I WAS USEING IT AND THE THING WAS ON FIRE !!!! I HAD TO RUN IN THE HOUSE AND GET WATER AND IT WAS THE FIRST TIME USEING IT
 Do n't buy it . I have a bad back so bought this due to its light weight . If you are a perfectionist and like precision trimming this is not the trimmer for you . It cuts the whip line so your whip length is only about 1 inch long , not long enough to get into most areas . It burned up and caught on fire.Don ' t waste you money . This is junk .
 Just received this item and tried it for abot 1 hour - following are the problems I encountered in attempting to use the edger .1 . COVERS you in clippings2 . have to stand there and let it take 5 minutes to decide to cut one blade of grass3 . reviewer is left handed - found trimer did n't work well at all when held in left hand - worked somewhat when held right handed .4 . no safety to wrap electrical cord so that it does n't get near the weed wacker line-5 . two inches of edging and you have to tap for new line - and I do not have a tough grass like St Augustine.Bought this through amazon and am planning on returning
 This was cheap and you get what you pay for . It is much too short and kills your back slouching over . It has very little power and struggles to cut anything . I ca n't recommend it .
 I love how this little weed eater is so quiet and pretty well designed EXCEPT that all of the screws that hold it together fall out and are lost in the grass within minutes of assembly and usage ! VERY AGGREVATING !
 Do n't buy this trimmer , it does not work on actual weeds . It is fine for grass but if you need something to really cut this is not the trimmer for you . Bad
 I used to be a big fan of black and decker . However the quality seems to have dropped lots recently . This is the second black and decker tool I have bought this month that quit working after one use . Luckily amazon has an amazing return policy and I was able to go out and purchase a better quality item .
 This trimmer is not good , I only used two times this trimmer that has smoking.So I hope it can changed another one .
 I bought this grass trimmer by the end of last year to trim my small garden . After only 4 uses , the motor broke down ! I took it to a Black & Decker authorized dealer in my country -LRB- I 'm not in the US -RRB- and they told me the motor was broken and that there is no way to fix it . They offered me a new motor , but it was more expensive than a new trimmer so I just left it that way.Consider other options , this trimmer is not good .
 I was very excited to order this trimmer after reading the reviews on Amazon.com . I ALWAYS read the reviews , and have ALWAYS been very happy with all my Amazon purchases . I was so disappointed with this , I returned it . It did a very poor job trimming the edges of our lawn ... barely cut the grass . I guess you get what you pay for ! Save yourself the trouble of returning it , and order something else .
 amazingly light weight , just like described.if only the Black & Decker electric grass trimmer worked for more than three uses!grass trimmer went kapput 3 minutes into 3rd use.boo !
 Just be patient when use this machine , it has no power and it is useless , do not waste you money .
 This small , light weight trimming/edging tool cuts in 9-inch swathes at a time . Because of its size , it is more controllable than the larger -LRB- 12 '' - 14 '' -RRB- trimmers.The larger , more powerful trimmers are not suitable for many lawns . I took back one because of its imprecise cutting . The powerful motor resulted in the shredding of a wood edging that separates the lawn from an adjacent mulched area.One problem with all trimmers is that there is nothing to catch the flying bits of lawn . The only thing that might help in the future is to lay a sheet over the mulched area adjacent to the lawn to catch the cuttings , and move the sheet as I go along . Perhaps this should come with a sheet ? Again , the smaller , less powerful machine 's precision reduces excess trimmings . This is also a less noisy machine and is easier to store than the more powerful trimmers.Features include a trimming option so that you can trim lawn under protruding bushes or around rocks , etc. . There 's also a locking feature for the electric cord . YOu do need to occasionally `` bump '' the machine -LRB- literally lighting hitting it against the lawn -RRB- to advance the cutting wire , this takes a little practice to get right . However , the learning curve is fast , after a few outings I thought this was a fairly useful machine.Update : I now would not recommend this unless one has previous satisfied experience with it , or something very similar . The main problem is the weight of the cutting assembly at the end of a long `` pole . '' The physics are simply against the user.Add to that the need to recharge and replace the cutting wire , and , for ME , the disadvantages outweigh the benefits highlighted in the original review .
 Pro
 This thing is impossible to assemble and it still is n't done right . My wife duct taped it together . The screws do not align correctly . I wouldnt buy another if you paid me .
 My gass trimmer is tempermental at times so I bought this as a backup . Gald its not my primary trimmer as it is not very powerful . The string cutting blade is too close making it hard to cut a decent amount of grass around anything . Ok for a small yard I suppose .
 That 's right , absolute piece of SHODDY garbage . Not only is it garbage , it is shoddy garbage . The thing is so weak and flimsy . Putting it together was actually a pain . I thought it would be simple , but the little triangles are actually kind of hard to find . Once I put the thing together , the plastic casing was splitting and bulging . Does not feel safe to use , at all.The thing is so short and small . It 's the perfect size if I wanted my dog to trim the yard . I stand at 5 ' 10 , I had to bend down to reach the ground with this garbage . Used it for a few minutes before I started feeling it in my back . Do n't even want to go through the whole mess of returning it , I 'll just deal with the loss.Do not recommend this for anyone . Pay a little bit more money to get a solid trimmer .
 I purchased this and within 2 wks the motor was smoking - totally ruined . And this was for doing minor yard work - I previously had a much larger amp trimmer - this 1.8 amp takes alot longer - I would not advise anyone to buy this .
 I cuts about as well as I expected at this price-point , not stellar , but it definitely could use an extra few inches in length . I 'm about 5 ' 8 '' tall , and this is way too short .
 Unfortunately this weed eater just does not have enough power . Honestly I think you could stop it with your hand and not get hurt . It just will not cut the grass without holding the unit over the blades for several passes . Also the way it is built -LRB- so the blade on the safety guard cuts the line if it gets too long -RRB- slows down the line even more . I tried to go cheap and buy this unit since I was not going to do any heavy cutting with it but now I am sorry I did , once again you get what you pay for . Do yourself a favor and pass on this product .
 I 'm not satisfied with it . It 's a basic , bottom of the line trimmer . It does n't edge well and fails to cut some of the bigger weeds in my yard . You get what you pay for !
 I have a small yard and it 's mostly cement so I needed the trimmer to cut the few weeds that we do get.I used 3 times and after that it started to smoke and then it died . I know it 's only a couple of bucks this should have lasted me at leat 9 or 10 uses ... It did n't !!!
 This trimmer was working OKAY for me initially . However the line began to feed backwards while I was using it , I think because of the guard design , which became inconvenient . Apart from that , after about 11/2 years of owning it , the electric motor burned out on me , for no apparent reason , with standard use in a small front yard . I 'm quite disappointed with the outcome . It may have been in part due to the 1.8 amp power rating . I will have to look elsewhere .
 I own a powerful Ryobi dual string trimmer that can bring down a small jungle , but maintaining the spool and the string is a nightmare , so I bought this simple little trimmer thinking I could use it for a quick trim around my grass.It 's not quick ! It 's underpowered and the cutting swath is about two inches less than I really need . It got the job done , but I did n't save any time , and in the long run that means I did n't save any money . The only thing saves were the lives of weeds.This is great if you 've got a little postage stamp lawn with wimply little grass that just gets out of line on occasion and you have to trim it back . If you have any serious crabgrass you need to get under control , forget it and buy a real weed whacker .
 I looked over the Black and Decker electric trimmers/edgers and there were some negative reviews that scared me , i.e. catch on fire , ca n't assemble , etc. . So I wanted to let Black and Decker know some of Amazons ' customer reviews . It took me 4 times to even be able to send a comment and I do n't know if it was sent . Not customer friendly , in my opinion .
 I ordered this product because of the 5 star . when I received it worked for a couple of minutes and suddenly I smell the smoke . it burned . I contacted customer service and they told me to return to any office nearby . I returned and they sent me another one . The same issue happened . After some minutes , it stopped working . If you do n't want headache , do n't buy this product . Because if you return , you have to waste half a day of work to find the closest office . Because they do n't open saturday neither sunday . I hope this comment could help others to avoid the same issues I had . Regards , Serginho .
 Dear AMAZONThe product is shipped without the cord and e indicate that it must be polarized this is something that vitiates the product . The equipocual must come available for useGreetings .
 I had ordered , received this product few days ago . I bought this because it has 5 stars . The real product does n't look like that at all . I received a black one , looks like something I bought from $ 0.99 store . Does n't show quality like it shown tn the pictures . This is the biggest dissapointment I 've ever had since I shopped online . The product that I received has a very low quality product . It looks like it has been used . My husband already asked me to returned and refund the money , but I gave it a 2nd chance . I 've received the replacement , it 's the same thing . There is no cord or anything to charge the trimmer . It did n't say I have to provide other part , I thought it 's all in the box . I was totally wrong about this product . I wonder why those people could rate this product 5 stars . I do n't want say negative or bad things on this review but I want to let people know so they do n't have to feel like I feel .
 This is not even like a $ -LSB- ... -RSB- dollar cheap machine . As another reviewer said , it does look like from a $ -LSB- ... -RSB- store ! I definitely expect at such a price I can at least have everything I need to use it for a while , but it has n't a cable in the box ! It has only a polarized plug , and the plug is built into a socket-like indentation so that you will need a kind of dedicated extension cable to use it . Dubiously , a cable at price $ -LSB- ... -RSB- appeared in the recommendation list the the bottom of the product page . Nobody wants to spend $ 40 + dollars on this thing!This is a creepy way of doing business , much like the Canon printers which do n't include usb cables . So creative ... Amazon should stop selling any thing like that and force the manufacturers to stop their wrong-doings .
 hmmm . . i was looking at this 5 days 5/15/10 ago and now the list price goes up 30 % but its still a 34 % savings ?????? sounds like a bad practice to me ... most of my posts criticising amazon never get posted so lets see if this one does
 I bought this trimmer to work on a small front yard , thinking it would save me time and hassle . Well , it worked the opposite way . The trimmer is very noisy , I do n't think my neighbors appreciate it even though I avoid the early morning hours . The thing is just plain noisy . Another issue is the power cable hook up . I plug my extension cord into the slot , which is located near the handle . Well , if I move the trimmer from side to side repeatedly as if cutting the grass the cord will come off . I have to plug it in several times while working and this is annoying . Third issue is the mess . By the time I am done there are grass clippings all over my shoes , legs and pants -LRB- even though I try to be careful and keep it away from me while cutting -RRB- . This product is affordable but not worth it . I ended up buying a gas-powered trimmer and got better results .
 pile of junk for my needs , but that is understandable for the price I paid for it . but string trimmers are junk anyway because the string always breaks
 VERY SHORT HANDLE AND IT HURTS MY BACK . TO EDGE , YOU MUST TURN TRIMMER OVER AND BEND OVER LIKE YOUR PICKING STRAWBERRIES . BLACK AND DECKER MAKES HIGH QUALITY MERCHANDISE , SO SPEND MORE AND GET A STRONGER MOTOR , A LONGER HANDLE , AND A TRIMMER THAT YOU CAN EDGE WITH . IF YOU HAVE A YARD THAT IS 1000 SQ. . FT. OR LESS , THIS WILL DO , BUT ANYTHING LARGER , YOU 'LL BREAK YOUR BACK TRIMMING AND EDGING . YOU KNOW WHAT THEY SAY , `` YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR '' .
 I have a very small yard . I thought this would be a great trimmer , but sadly I was wrong.I purchased this since it was intended to be use by those with small yards , and light trimming needed . The trimmer has no power to it . After about a foot of the area you wish to trim a hour has gone by . Save your money and get a better trimmer .
 Save your money and but it towards a more expensive model . Has trouble with thick growth . I had to buy longer screws to secure the shaft , and it 's still a bit wobbly . Buy up and possible go for a cordless rechargeable model .
 It has very little cutting power , you have to sweep it 2 to 3 times for every cut . Even worse , after 2 days use , yes , 48 hrs use , something burned at the head , no fire , but I smoke burned fume , and it never will start again . I called black & Decker for info and was not able to get in contact with a live operator . End of story , dont buy .
 I bought this mini and weak trimmer just because it 's cheap . But I would like to remind you not to buy this . I only used twice and returned for the refund in 30 days . The second time I used it only took less than 10 minutes , then the electric motor blew off smelly smoke , burned I thought.This trimmer is not powerful enough . It 's too weak to handle even a small garden . Use your hands and manual trimmer for your small garden is even better and quick than using this short arm trimmer . This is a bad product no matter how cheap it is.Amazon wo n't let me post the review if I refuse to rate it -LRB- zero star -RRB- . So I rated it one star instead .
 I purchase this to edge a fairly small yard and for light weeding . Pros - The string does seem to feed well , it 's light and it 's cheap . The Cons - Not recommended for edging as the unit is too short and requires you to bend over in an awkward position . The 9 '' also is not large enough for my use as it is difficult to reach the ground other than in a very small area . The power is adequate for my needs - barely . I suspect I will go back to a 14 '' model . My old Weeder Eater worked reasonable well for my needs and to rotating head work like a charm when moving from weeding to edging . I should have tried this out at the hardware store first .
 It would have been easier and quicker to use a nail scissors to do the job . I found I had to get very close to the area being trimmed , and despite the line being at full length , only got about a 4 inch area . To edge , the trimmer needed to be turned on its side and actually held against the grass.The advantage is its light weight , but this is offset by the marked vibration , which makes it difficult to hold for any length of time . And although the cord is secured to the handle , that does n't stop it from popping out of the electrical connection frequently.I had a previous Black and Decker trimmer , which lasted 20 years . Unfortunately , the trend is for bigger and more cumbersome trimmers . I 'm glad to read the review of this one which says it 's `` disposable '' . It 's headed for recycling .
 The 1.8 amp motor ran but less or no power to cut grass . I am afraid the motor will burn out after 15 minute . I did a no load run free test with a good amp meter . Oh no , the motor draw 1.2 amp not 1.8 amp -LRB- I posted one photo you can view it -RRB- . So do not buy I rate it from 2 star to 1 star .
 Im 6 ' 2 '' and this thing is tiny . I always have to hunch over . I wish i bought a longer weed eater . Also i wish it was more powerful .
 I read the other reviews about this before buying , but figured that a 9-inch cut path would be fine . I have n't measured the cutter , but it seems like the stated diameter includes the string spool as well . In this way , you only get a string length of about 2.5 to 3 inches . Worse yet , the cutting end includes a small blade in the guard to ensure that the string gets cut off at that length . Meanwhile the `` guard '' itself is only wide enough to hold that blade , so it does n't protect against any flying debris . For me , this is the most useless tool I could ever imagine using . Technically , it works -LRB- in that it spins a plastic string around in circles -RRB- , but it does n't have the power or cutting path to be useful for anything . I 'm very disappointed that I purchased this trimmer ; if only Amazon allowed zero-star ratings .
 Did not like this product at all . I was in all honesty , trying to save a dollar or two ... but I do not have a large piece of property and only needed it to trim my lawn at the sidewalks and around some rocks ... just regular lawn . Anyway , I had to make 2 or 3 passes to get the lawn to edge to the sidewalk . My previous trimmer was just an inexpensive toro that I bought at Home Depot about 10 years ago . The housing finally broke . Even though that was a cheap trimmer , it worked well and took only 1 pass to edge . This Black and Decker Model really added about an extra 15 minutes to trim my lawn . I will upgrade to a heavier duty model .
 Cheap price and product . This trimmer certainly falls under the you get what you pay for department . The motor is so weak that the trimmer barely cuts through the grass in my yard . I 'd recommend spending a little more for a trimmer that will actually trim grass .
 I bought this charger about 1 year ago . The handle broke off of it within the first 6 months -LRB- cheap plastic . The control knobs are cheap and come off easily . The automatic shut-off never did appear to function properly . I had it stored in a controlled environment and just went and got it off of the shelf . Now the charge side will not function at all . Being an electronic enginneer , I decided I could find out why . When I opened the box , something I do n't recommend anyone without experience doing , I saw a product that is pieced together quite poorly . I am not at all impressed . Think I 'll try a Schumacher now instead of even trying to fix this piece of shabby craftsmanship !!
 I bought this for the auto on and off . I destroyed 2 expensive Marine Batterys because it never shut off and overcharged the Batterys.I personally would not recommend this charger
 Century 87151 Taiwan piece of junk , spade terms inside are so loose , the wires fell off , heat sink on power transistor so loose it rattles .
 Nice color.Nice SizeNice features.Easy to useCons : Clips are only copper clad - could be tougher.The handle usually breaks off - its genuine plastic.You will probably lose the switch knobs.Spotty reliability . You may get a good one , you may not . But you may not know until the warranty runs out.I 've owned two of these . I took the first one back to Sam 's Club when it quit . Got an exchange , and this one quit , too.If your serious and want to spend more for a better charger , search for Associated . For less demanding use , Look into a Schumacher . They are usually not automatic , but they are reliable . There are also very good electronic ones on the market , like a Vector , that use pulse technology that can prolong battery life and even revive long-dead sulfated batteries . Beware though that these are fairly new and longevity has n't been proven .
 this is not dependable -- apparently spades maybe loose like other reviews.Works and then does n't work . Sam 's Club purchase and hardly used .
 I bought mine April 2001 . It is no longer able to charge back up to power . It did work the first few months but now it is gone . It is interesting to see that I am not alone .
 I hardly used it at all . Kept it charged & stored as instructed.Used it as backup battery on pop-up camper if main battery died.AC Adaptor died I think , no replacement available for 15VDC AC Adaptor.Try another model , not Century !!!
 I had one of these -LRB- j900 -RRB- in my trunk which apparently bounced against the sidewall , knocked the leads loose , they arced together and started my trunk carpet on fire . The century mfg. co. wo n't return my calls , so I am trying to alert people to the potential disaster these products are .
 I have this particular charger and it 's a waste of money . A month after I bought it , the timer would n't work in the `` on '' position . Another month later , the timer would n't wind down . You could set it for 15 minutes but the charger would stay on forever . Lost a couple of batteries before realizing this was the problem . 6 months later , it does n't work at all.This charger also does n't include a diode to prevent draining the battery if the charger is unplugged . It might also drain batteries when turned off , but I ca n't verify that.I 'd recommend spending $ $ $ more and getting a better charger . I did.Liza 's Dad
 It has no on and off switch , which is a safety hazard . But the 1st time my sick husband had to use it , in bad weather , it did n't work .
 If you want a sturdy and robust nozzle that has a high flow rate , this one is for you . It will fill a pail quicker than other non-fire fighters nozzles.If you want to have a higher pressure jet stream spray , then do n't spend your money on this nozzle . You are better off with a less expensive quality rubber covered brass pistol grip nozzle .
 i tried to use this and it totally did not work.it looked like it was working and then i went to use it and when i came back in i had water all over the place and it had sliped and started leaking ...
 This product claims to fit mostly all INDOOR FAUCETS but it does n't . In 2 very frustrainghours I tried 3 different ones encluding my 2 bathrooms which have 2 different faucetsmy kitchen sink which has the long neck , and as a last attempt I actually tried it onmy outdoor water spigot which is totally useless even if it did fit because it 's to water myINDOOR plants and do n't think I 'll be wanting to go out in the cold weather to connectto an access point that should be working INSIDE the house.Out of all the purchases I have made over the years with Amazon , this is the first onethat I am forced to return and except for the other 2 items that came with the orderthat I will be re-ordering more of , I do n't plan on making my Annual Christmas orderthis year and will go to the companies web sites instead.Claber 8583 Koala Indoor Faucet to Garden Hose Connector
 I have to agree with most of the other reviews -- this is a cheaply made product ! And I ca n't find a faucet it will work with -- mind you , I have four bathroom sinks , two kitchen sinks and a utility sink they are all different and this will not fit on any of them !
 I purchased this to connect my washing machine to the kitchen faucet.Unfortunately , once attached it mostly just sprayed water out between the white gasket and the faucet.We tried several faucet nozzles to see if they would work better with this connector . But none did.The device even dented the top of the faucet when I tried to tighten the connector to get a snug fit that did n't leak.I have a typical kitchen faucet , nothing fancy , if the design of this connector worked it should of worked well with my faucet.So now I need to replace my faucet , as well as replace the the Claber 8583 Koala connector with something else that will reliably connect a hose to a kitchen faucet .
 It 's hard to tell if it will fit your faucet since they do n't have any diagrams or lists or anything . I really do n't know what type of faucet this would fit to be honest , it does n't look like anything other than the cheapest oldest faucet would work with it . If you have sinks from 1975 it might work for you , otherwise it wo n't .
 I ignored all the reviews that said this thing did n't fit their faucets . Doh!It did n't fit any of my seven differently sized faucets . Beware !!!! I 'm sending it back .
 I do n't know what they were thinking when they made this device , but the opening is so tiny that it would never fit on any sort of faucet in a modern home . Sending it back today .
 The Claber 8583 Koala Indoor Faucet to Garden Hose Connector looks like a decent made item but other than that , it was not what I had hoped for and is useless to me -LRB- not worth shipping back -RRB- . I now understand what the other reviewers were saying about this item . If your faucet has any curves to the top - this will not work for you -LRB- I have the Kohler Fairfax -RRB- . If your faucet is stick straight or from the `` 1950s thereabout '' this may work for you -LRB- ? -RRB- .
 I tried it on all 5 of my indoor faucets . Directions were non-existant and , while some claim it is intuitive , it 's not really . Once I got some further instruction I figured out that ut will not work on the vast majority of sink faucets . The faucet must be narrow enough -LRB- max about 1 inch -RRB- to fit into the adapter . So fancy wider faucet casings wo n't work . And the bend in the faucet must be less than about an inch max -LRB- bend to spout -RRB- . There must be a bend in the faucet of 90 degrees or less . Claims to fit most ... I would guess it would fit very few .
 What you do n't see here is the picture on the packaging - of a BATHROOM sink with a VERY short piece pointing down -LRB- where the water pours out -RRB- after the bend . My garage sink has a vertical section of about 2-3 inches after the bend , quite common , and it would not fit . I wish the description were better , I could really use something like this .
 This is a ridiculous , non-working piece of crap . Do n't waste your money like I did . No matter what I did water would shot out , there is no way to make a tight seal .
 Briefly , like many have stated , it wo n't fit on any faucet found in my house . I actually see exactly how it could work , but you will need to have a faucet that is flat on top and with very little room between the faucet opening and top of the metal frame of it .
 Purchased it to fit on utility sink so we could pump warm water into the backyard toddler pool -LRB- it does n't get too warm in this part of the country -RRB- and it did n't fit . In fact , it did not fit on any faucets in our house , nor any at my neighbor 's house . I took it to Home Depot to see if a cheap faucet was available that would fit it ... none at a decent price . We rigged a couple plumbing fittings and faucet supply lines together create a solution for less than the price of this product .
 This product is meant for older faucets , not for newer faucets with wide mouths . It will not work on faucets that are not flat on the end .
 Did not fit any of the 3 different types of faucets in my house . I guess the adapter will only work for a very specific shape/size of faucets . The manufacturer should be much more clearer about this .
 Arrived this morning -- have n't tried out the `` connect-to-faucet '' part yet -LRB- although I am somewhat concerned about the small size of the hole -- not sure what kind of water pressure I will get -RRB- -- but the lower connector arrived with a FEMALE end -LRB- not the pictured , and useful , male end -RRB- -- so I now have to go out and find a compatible MALE end so I can actually connect a garden hose -- careless on their part
 My hose clamp arrived today . It 's packaging includes some diagrams tht are supposed to help us attach the clamp to the faucet ; however , I can not figure out what the diagrams mean . Unless I figure this out , the connector is useless .
 Was very excited and then disappointed that this did not work on my faucet - description should come with visual and better description of what faucet types will work - Harriet
 Not sure how this product is expected to work but it did n't fit any of the faucets in our house
 You have to be careful because it does n't fit all faucets they have to be thin or it wo n't fit . Then you 're stuck with it because to return it was n't worth the money .
 This is a great concept ... unfortunately , it does n't fit many faucets . I bought a new faucet that it fit over and it still did n't work because of the angle of the faucet ... I brought it into home depot and lowes and it would only work on one kind of kitchen faucet ... no bathroom or laundry room faucets .
 did nit fit to any of our faucets . they should say it in the description that it only fits limited faucet spouts . .
 Picture and description is of two pack for size 1 cartridge . What is provided is single size 2 cartridge . The size 1 is out of stock so they send you the wrong size rather than say they are out .
 It 's a good standard copper plug , used in tons of applications . What 's not good is the price . Caveat emptor
 Although nothing was wrong with this standard Champion plug - the description clearly states &#34; pack of six &#34; . Only one arrived , which left me short in a tune up . Going to Lowes solved the problem , and for much less . If this is what Amazon gets for a single plug , then go to Lowes or Home Depot , and you 'll pay 75 % less .
 Description of this product is wrong this is a pack of six In the description but you receive only one It 's big time miss leading
 Well the price is right but the page and description was hard to understand . It said product feature of six and said pack of 1 so I thought it would come for 1 pasck of six for the price . Add was very misleading and hard to follow . Needs to be fixed becareful when looking at this product
 I had a spider mite infestation . In the past I used Ortho Systemic Insect Killer and it worked great even with just one application . Bonide claims to have the same active ingredient as Ortho Systemic Insect Killer and this is true according to its label . However , there must be something different , perhaps the inactive ingredients , because Bonide 941 Systemic Insect Killer is useless . I kept using it over and over for weeks to get rid of the spider mites and I did not see any results . My plants were almost dead and I used bleach and alcohol -LRB- one cup of each per gallon -RRB- plus a bit of soap dish . It damaged the new and tender leaves slightly but it got rid of the spider mites .
 Be very careful when you order to select the color on the small icons . I accidentally ordered the blue because the natural color always stays on the big picture . I sent them an email to change the color the same day since they were closed already , but it shipped the next day with the wrong color . Now I have to wait for it to be delivered and then call UPS to come pick it up again for return .
 Not up to Stannard 's usual standards of excellence in sounds . The tubes are solid - not hollow . They produce a tinkling , tinny , unpleasant sound -LRB- my opinion -RRB- . As they are small , they chime most of the time , on the slightest air currant . Rather unnerving . This chime is , however , very pretty . Small size , shiny bronze tubes , pretty green woods and very nice feather engraving . That is why I gave it 2 stars . For appearance , rather than for any melodious sound .
 I thought I had paid attention when ordering the chain , but this chain is at least and inch if not two longer then the chain bar for this model . It says it works for a 14 '' electric saw , but definitely not for this model .
 The product arrived with no manual or assembly instructions . Based on the amount of bolts and nuts that came with the unit , there is a lot of assembly required . I am returning the product .
 I bought these to drape across the open sides of our patio to block the sun , but the material is like gauze ; you can see out of them like a window , and the sun shines through them just as brightly . I will have to buy an additional , thicker material to glue onto them to block the sun better . In the picture , they look much more solid than they are .
 I returned the shades because when rolled up the shades looked messy . Also , I returned both shades well over a month ago and as of today , only received a refund for one shade . I have contacted c/s thru amazon.com and still no reply ... so i 'm not really that happy with the whole transaction .
 I am very disappointed with my Claws-Off purchase . The holes which would enable the 2 pieces to attach are off and do not `` snap '' in place like they should . A small gust of wind and they are blowing in the wind . You have to attach one half to the outside of the screen which does not make sense . The cat is inside !! It is a great idea that is horribly designed . It 's just 2 pieces of plastic - so about 99.9 % over charged.I feel ripped off . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !!
 I purchased this item . If your cat is as smart as mine they know how to grab the side of it and tear it off the screen door . All it is , is a piece of plastic with 2 strips at the top and bottom . The strips have pins that match the other side . You 're suppose to snap them together . Well that works fine , but it also could mean making holes into your screen . Also some of the pins break into the strip and do not snap the way they are suppose to.Save your money . It 's just not worth the time or cost .
 My trusty 5 hp 9-year old Murray mower `` disappeared '' from my backyard . Thus began the search for a new mower.Consulting Consumer Reports Magazine I found this mower to be rated a best buy . I do n't know why ... The mower looks great . That 's the good news.The mower arrive in good time -LRB- Amazon has been great in this regard -RRB- , but it arrived damaged . Not uncommon I would guess , since there was no packing in the box !!! Rattling around in UPS trucks and apparently dropped from great height , the rear wheel adjuster lever was bent and twisted and jammed into the wheel . Luckily I 'm handy and 45 minutes and one bandaid later I was adding oil and gas and heading for the lawn.Thank you Consumer Reports , but here 's my review
 If you want to get a lawn mower , I suggest that you go to the store and pick one up . The quality of the hardware/tool you order from Amazon is a gamble . I got this mower on here and it came defective . I 've put my request in for replacement item a month ago and to this date have not seen it yet . My lawn is as tall as the trees around my property because I am still waiting for the part to make my mower work . I will never buy any hardware from Amazon again since most of the items I 've recieved from them is in questionable condition.Save yourself some time and headache and pick up your tools and hardware up at the local store . At least there you 'll know that the item you pick up is brand new , not refurbished or defective .
 If you want to get a lawn mower , I suggest that you go to the store and pick one up . The quality of the hardware/tool you order from Amazon is a gamble . I got this mower on here and it came defective . I 've put my request in for replacement item a month ago and to this date have not seen it yet . My lawn is as tall as the trees around my property because I am still waiting for the part to make my mower work . I will never buy any hardware from Amazon again since most of the items I 've recieved from them is in questionable condition.Save yourself some time and headache and pick up your tools and hardware up at the local store . At least there you 'll know that the item you pick up is brand new , not refurbished or defective .
 We purchased 4 planters as Christmas gifts and they arrived very quickly . The white planter is lightweight plastic and is easily snapped together . Easy to store away in off season . When 2 of them were snapped together we noticed a crack in one . When we tried to contact the seller , they did not respond back to us so we have been unable to resolve the issue . Because we have heard nothing from Fun Shipped Fast we decided to contact our credit card company . We are still waiting to hear from someone ...
 planters are not white -- more of a gray color and look dingy-colored next to white vinyl ; ordered two and one of them had a piece cracked -- not worth sending back , but a good reminder that you get what you pay for ; overall disappointed in color and quality
 Just received 2 of this item . Box had black mold ! When I took the planter out to put together , the parts were warped and did not go together properly . Did not bother to open the second box . I think this is a very poorly made product for the cost . Do not recommend . I am promptly returning these items . Unfortunately will keep this because it cost $ 10 shipment and will cost at least that much to send it back . Exhaust all your other options before purchasing from this supplier .
 Bought 2 planters to replace exact same ones purchased 15 years ago . Plastic sides were obviously warped , possibly stored a long time . Could not assemble even with tools , time , patience . Returned .
 The shipment of this lawnmower was awful . I uncrated the box to find the cap to the quart of oil that came with the lawmower cracked , and oil strewn everywhere along the inside of the box and mower . But the worst of it came when I noticed the right rear wheel askew and immovable . After taking off the wheel , I noticed that the wheel axel was bent on a 45 degree angle . I was ready to send his mower back to Amazon.com , but noted the return policy that stated that anything containing oil or flammables can not be returned . I was able to repair the axel myself to the point where the wheel can now turn . I 've learned my lesson never to buy something like this online again .
 The box was total open when the mower arrived . It looked as if the lawn mower fell out and was put back into the box . Oil came out and clogged the air filter so the mower was not able to start . I replaced the air filter and the mower now works 100 % but I would be wary buy items like this online again .
 Amazon sent me a 2003 model , that had two wheels damaged and yellow hubs missing . Had to order from the Manufacture and they did not send a hub cap . Found the 2005 model for $ 259.00 at Home Depot and Amazon will not honor there low price Guarentee , they said look at the fine print . I ordered the mower from Amazon at work , and if I waited until after work and bought the mower I would have had a fully functional product for $ 40.00 less and it would have been a 2005 product .
 It arrived quickly , but the oil cap was broken . I tried running it in this state but it sprays oil everywhere and smokes alarmingly . I do n't have a car that it fits in , so now I 'm having to pay the local service agent to pick it up .
 The length of these are great - just what is needed for grilling . But the handle part is so large it is very difficult to get the tongs to open and close with just one hand . It 's like trying to use tongs built for Paul Bunyan ! I have normal sized hands , but I have to use two hands to open and close these because the outside of the scissor handles are so far out that you REALLY have to spread your hand wide to open these up ... and then there is all that space inside the handle that it is difficult to control them without using two hands . These would have been perfect if they would have had someone test these out before making the handles too big to navigate properly . Yuck - I 'm sorry I bought them.I think the only way they might work better is if you have an oven mitt on and then stick those through the tongs to fill up some of that space . But who wants to put on an oven mitt ??? Is n't that why you buy things like this in the first place - to avoid having to use oven mitts all the time ?
 I never received the product , and have no communication from Amazon that they will either credit me or send the product to me .
 When I first tried starting this mower , the engine flooded out and refused to start . It took a couple of hours of messing with the fuel valve and the spark plug before I figured out that the problem was an air filter that had become saturated with gas . Once I removed the air filter , it started fine . The minute I put the filter back on , it died . I drove to a local dealer and bought a new filter , and now it starts - most of the time . Occasionally I have to remove the filter even now to get it started . This is n't the safest procedure in the world , as I then have to reach up front with my right hand on the handle to put the filter back with my left hand and the blade running a few inches from my feet.The other problem was regarding service . Before I figured out the problem with the air filter , I called the local company recommended on the Yard-Man web site for help . Their first question to me was `` where did you buy it ? '' Once I told them I bought it online from Amazon.com , they refused to help me with any warranty problem.Two sore shoulders and wrists from all the pulling on the starter , and all the other frustation have convinced me that next time , I will spend the extra money and buy from a local dealer who can help me if there is a problem .
 It seems a few are happy , but those of us with the brand new `` lemons '' are n't . After very frustrating tries of it not running when hot I did some web research to find out it was due to a bad coil . This happened right out of the box . I should have returned it . New coil is about $ 50 ! Also , as I changed the coil I noticed this was n't the first time due to bolt scoring and the fact one was stripped from the engine housing . Shame on these guys for pawning it off as new ! Also turns out I was missing the side discharge piece . I should never have bought this type of thing online . Foo-ey .
 The instruction is confusing . The machine does not start after I followed all the instructions . Bad experience . Wasted my time . Shame on the manufacturer !
 This is the first ever mower I got and so It took me near about an hour and half to assemble it and fill it with engine oil and gas . I 'm a novice . . so I took all the time in the world to read through the handout and do it step by step . Instruction manuals are good enought to guide us.Started as per the instructions and it all started well . . but the noise out of the engine was abnormal and discontinuous . I compared the noise with the one that my car engine makes . This mower was making a horrible bursting noise contineously and would run like that for about 60 seconds . . then it would die . I double checked the recommended fuel type -LRB- Premium Unleaded 87 and up -RRB- , recommended oil level , made sure the blades were not stuck . . etc. . . Tried a couple of more times . . it did the same.I thought the new engine might have some air block and gave it tries for the next few days . . Its still the same . I 'm going to return it back and try a new piece . May be its a bad piece I got . But after looking at another reviewers similar experience , I wonder what kind of quality control they have . Since this is my first ever lawn mower , I give it a 2 star . . else It would have definitely been a 1 star.For you guys willing to buy honda powered lawn mower under a decent price tag , I would wait to see few more reviews to make a judgement on this one .
 We set up the new lawn mower , after reading both manuals with care , and started the engine . It started right away , as advertised - but a large piece of plastic from inside the blade housing was sheared off and shot past my foot into our garage . After an inspection of the underside of the machine , we found that a large screw , which holds the plastic liner to the metal blade housing , was missing . This caused the liner to stick out into the path of the blade . That missing screw should have been spotted in a routine quality check . The piece that was sheared off was thick and sharp , and could have really hurt someone . Although the machine seems fine otherwise , we now have to get an inspection at an authorized dealer , and possibly replacement parts . Even if we do not have to pay for the inspection , our time has been wasted and our confidence in the product has declined . The 1-800 number for the product line is not staffed on Saturday , and the . com for the product was `` unavailable at the current time '' . Part of producing quality products is to follow through on all the details ; especially those that , if overlooked , could hurt someone .
 I 'd like to be able to write a better review ... but I bought this puppy this morning and ended up taking it back late this afternoon . I 'm assuming there was some kind of factory defect with the choke . I could get it to start and it would run `` ok '' for about 60 seconds and then start to sound bad so I 'd turn it off . But then it would n't start again . The choke kept moving to the wrong position . It would only start if I had my wife hold the choke in position . So ... after 5 or 6 hours of messing with it and trying to figure out what was wrong with it , I took it back to the store . Again , not saying it 's a bad machine ... but I DID have a bad experience .
 Stay away from this manufacturer . The one I bought had
 the mower arrived in a box that had been opened , probably by many people , I do n't know . the unit was listed as new , which it looked , as far as the lawnmower itself . the reason it was new was that it would n't start . in fact I think so many people had been sucked into buying this unit that the starter rope would n't even retract when I started to try myself for the first time . clearly this is false advertising . compound that with the explicit instructions that it can not be returned and you have a full blown fraud scheme . is Amazon listening ? this was a unit listed in the amazon store section , not an item listed by an individual , so clearly amazon should step up and take this back and destroy it when they get it back . this is not helping their image one bit . in fact I may never shop with them again if this gets any worse .
 This is the worst piece of junk I ever bought on Amazon . The mower only lasted 3 uses . The motor shuts off constantly because the transmission mechanism is messed up and could not turn freely . A lot of plastics are used in critial places , so how long can this thing last ? Absolute junk . I am trashing it and advice anyone stay away from this product or any Yard Machine products .
 The height adjustment setting is not sufficient . Even on the highest setting the mower cuts too low , thereby , damaging the lawn .
 didnt work for us.made wholes in the grass , didnt cut it even , really bad with corners.regret getting it .
 I purchased this mower for a very small yard which is not level . The mower would not roll easily over rough places in the yard , would not cut high grass without bogging down & shutting off . At one point when traveling over a rut in the yard , one of the back wheels flew off even though they had been tightened when the mower was put together . The mower might work well for trimming where grass is short & ground is very flat but is too light weight for anything more .
 This mower is useless if you have more that 3 inches of grass . It keeps staling . The engine is just too weak . It will work only if you put it to highest position but then it barely touches the grass . It is good only for extremely small yards .
 I found this mower to be useless . I could n't mow more than 1 foot without the blade stopping and I have a really small yard . And unless you have the perfect tools , adjusting the blade is extremely difficult . I guess there is a reason why they do n't have this model on stock at the nearest Home Improvement stores . I returned it . The only good thing is that I got a good cardio workout . It is actually lightweight to move on level surfaces , but on the grass -LRB- 8 ' X 8 ' -RRB- it took me an hour and 1/2 to mow the yard . And now my yard looks really patchy , like allopecia , because I had to use the weed eater to help .
 The handle and wheels are very poorly built . The smallest amount of downward pressure on the handle causes it to fold in on itself .
 The item is not what I ordered . The vendor subsituted another brand . The rear bag did not fit properly and was of poor quality .
 I wish I could agree with the other reviewer . After using the machine for about three times it did hit a rock . My fault , agreed , but not uncommon to happpen . So one of the first parts to break did indeed need replacement . About 20 dollars ; no big deal you 'd say . Were it not that in our part of the state -LRB- CA -RRB- no shop services electric lawn mowers -LRB- I wish someone had told me that before -RRB- . So I ordered the part myself as it seems easy to replace . Now I 've been waiting for more than three months because the manufacturer does n't have this part available -LRB- REMEMBER
 I ordered this because I believe the listing at the time showed this item as 13 Amp and because it had metal deck construction . I thought I was opting for a few percent more torque , and hoping for a more durable build . The unit arrived clearly labelled 12 Amp , and the build quality is only fair , even for a $ 220 mower . I tried a B&D mower before and did n't care for it 's plastic construction , but these two are probably equal products . The B&D seemed little more powerful or free running . However , this mover has not really faulted me yet ; the small cord routing bar is cleaver . After mowing , I will usually find a clump of grass that did n't cut well . I will keep and use this mower , it works for my moderate suburban yard , I expect it to last for several years , but I doubt I 'd replace it with the same brand because the build seems a bit flimsy .
 On July 3 our B & D electric mower stopped working , after 5 years of use . Since our local Home Improvement store , Menards , had a sale I bought a yardmachines 19-inch electric mower . This mower was very well designed and well manufactured . So , I can only confirm the positive reviews before me.Now comes the problem of the service . Again , I can only confirm the nagative reviews before me.Here are the details
 Very disappointing as we are always looking for non-chemical ways to control pests in our house and garden . The wasp catcher looks great . We hung it within 3 feet of a known wasp nest . And caught nothing but ants .
 My home is the perfect setting to attract many verity ofBees wash and yellow jackets . The formula and placement of the traps is simple and I change it out 4 times over a 3 month period . All I caught in the trap was a couple of mosquitoes.You will see this same review for another trap I bought , different model same results.Save your money .
 Yes , the mat is solid and the most discreet you can expect.Yet I wish the seller or Amazon had written somewhere that the product is made of a plastic banned in the state of California because it contains a substance that causes cancer ... It 's not because you order from elsewhere that the risk should not be mentioned . So you discover on the product that is potentially life threatening ...
 I bought this mat in two sizes , and could not remove the horrible odor . I tried soaking them in vinegar , spreading a baking soda paste on them , and letting them air out for about three weeks .
 Ordering was a snap . Looked around for tractors for quite a while and believed this was not a bad buy . Free delivery , and right to your door , not bad . 8 or 9 days after placing the order the tractor was in my driveway , and boy was I excited . It came on a large pallet / crate . Got one side off the crate and had dillusions of driving my new Porsche . I wondered why it was so hard to roll out of the crate , the flat front tire would explain it . The tire was totally off of the rim on one side , could not just put air in it . Oh well , no biggie . Lets connect the battery and start it to see how it sounds . Turn the key and all I hear is click , click , click . Checked and re-checked the battery terminal connections . Now what , dead battery ?? Got the battery charger out and charged the battery for a couple of hours . Again try to start and click , click , click . Oh well , lets charge the battery overnight and see in the morning . Meanwhile that night I decided to take the front tire off and bring to the garage and see if they can fix the flat . No problem tipped the guy a 10 and he seated the tire on the rim and filled with air . Driving back to my house I thought to myself the battery should well have been charged by now , must be something else . Took the battery out and followed the cable to the starter solenoid , tightened them up , put the battery in cranked over and to my surprise it started . Put the front wheel back on and was all ready to go for the next morning . Got up bright and early ready to mow , so excited . Looked at the front tire , flat as a pancake -LRB- only on one side ! -RRB- . Took the tire off again did the gas station again and had re-repaired . Put tire on again and was finally all set . Finally mowing.The loose connections bother me quality wise , one has to wonder what else is loose . As for the flat tire , what could I do return it ? The tractor does have some rattles in it -LRB- does not run like a deere -RRB- . Not a big deal but no cup holder as advertised -LRB- unless I missed the cup holder operating instructions in the owners manual -RRB- . On the positive side , the engine is strong and the optional bagger is excellent . The automatic drive and turning radius are both good . We will see how this stands up to the test of time .
 When I bought my Yardman there were only good reviews . I see that has changed . First the seat is designed for someone with really short legs , all the way back and your knees are stiil in your chest . To empty the bagger you have to tip the seat ahead . Since I mow when the grass is wet -LRB- Live in WA -RRB- , the tube plugs up often . But it is not designed to disconnect from the mower easly.The blades are made from to soft of steel and bend too easily . So if you hit any gravel or other obstuction , you end up with a bent blade and an uneven cut . They do n't offer a heavy duty blade . I would n't recommend using on anything but smooth level ground .
 Yes , MTD owns the companies that make a lot of mowers/tractors ie - Cub Cadet , YARDman , Bolens , MTD brand , etc. . That is why I 'm looking at Husqvarna and Kubota . I had my YARDman a few years , you have only had yours a few days . I liked mine at first too , just wait until you have it awhile . I spoke to the repair shop today and they told me they had a few others they had to repair for bad tranmissions with about the same hours 79-100 . Again , good luck .
 I have only had this mower for about two years and I have had to buy a new drive belt for the mower bed about every three times I cut my grass . I called the company and all they would do about It was sell me new belts . When in reality they should have sent me a case of belts free of charge . I better not coment anymore or I just might say smoething I should not . In closing this is the last yardmachine product I will ever buy . I have been much displeased with this mower . Not sincerely yoursLester K. Ballard Sr. . P.S. I hope the owner of the company gets this , I will call to see if he does .
 Very disappointed with this mower . I bought it and the headlights do n't work , after the second use its smoking and idles terrible . Blows oil in the breather area . Poor choice on my part .
 I PAID $ 1300 ON JUNE 21 AND WAS PROMISED THAT IT WOULD SHIP IN 24 HOURS . IT IS NOW JULY 11 AND THE SHIPPING COMPANY IS NOT SURE IF THEY RECEIVED THE TRACTOR FROM AMAZON YET . AMAZON HAS BEEN VERY APOLGETIC AND UPGRADED ME TO STANDARD DELIVERY , HOWEVER I STILL DO NOT KNOW WHERE MY TRACTOR IS AND NEITHER DOES EAGLE -LRB- THE DELIVERY COMPANY -RRB- . I WONDER IF THAT IS STANDARD DELIVERY . AMAZON HAS BLAMED THE SITE , THAT IT SHIPS FROM FOR THE PROBLEM . ON MY BILL IT GAVE ME A ESTIMATED DELIVERY TIME OF AUG 23 . AMAZON APOLOGIZED AND ASSURED ME THAT I WOULD HAVE MY MOWER LONG BEFORE THAT . ON JULY 7TH AMAZON ASSURED ME THAT IT HAD SHIPPED IN A VERY NICE EMAIL . I WISH I NEW IF IT MOWED WELL . I HAVE TO GO MOW MY GRASS WITH MY 21 INCH PUSH MOWER .
 I bought a 17.5 hp 42 '' Yardman 2-1/2 yrs ago . After 1 year -LRB- 39 hours -RRB- I had to replace BOTH spindle assemblies -LRB- shaft that holds blades -RRB- . You ca n't get just the shaft , even though it does come apart - you must buy the whole thing/bearing and housing . Cost of repair about $ 200 . Today I took it in again because there was a problem with the thing going forward . I now have 79 hours on it and the transmission is shot . I would n't have another Yardman if someone gave it to me . The shop thinks the company might pay for the repair due to low hours and as soon as I get it running again , I 'm going to get rid of it ASAP . Hope all of you new owners have better luck .
 MTD purchased Troy-Bilt a few years back and has decided they have no interest in supporting the dealer network or customers who bought PRE-MTD Troy-Bilt equipment . Specifically the Troy-Bilt 42012 Snow Thrower . They make no recommended engine replacement , offer no spec for the engine refuse to even attempt to work with Tecumseh on a recommended replacement . In short , all dealers are unsupported as are the customers . What they are interested in is taking the Troy-Bilt name and that is it . A reputable company -LRB- the REAL Troy-Bilt -RRB- would have worked with the dealer -LRB- their dealer who originally sold the machine -RRB- to find a replacement then document it to their entire dealer network so it would become a non-issue . Troy-bilt chose not to do this . I would think twice if I am a consumer or dealer on how MTD , brands also Club Cadet , Yardman , Bolens , McColloch , and MTD treat their dealers and past customers . If you looking to purchase something the manufacture will stand behind , do n't purchase this . To MTD it is disposable and so are their customers . Hope this helps .
 First salt water ready is an excuse for it to be plastic but that 's not even my gripe . This must be some sort of safety thing . IF you squeeze completely down you get a slow low pressure stream HOWEVER if you can hold the handle just half way down you get a string stream like you would expect with the handle all the way down . It is extremely difficult to hold the handle half way down . STUPID STUPID STUPID !! Whoever designed this is a moron . I constantly squeeze too hard and lose all pressure took me 20 minutes of cussing my low water pressure to figure this out . Who would think do n't squeeze it so tight ???
 The motor is good , the deck is good . This model has a defective design that eats up belts so quickly , it is too expensive to operate . The pully is mounted on a long bolt that always bends due to the belt tension , this causes the belt to get chewed up.I 've had mine for a little over a year and have gone thru at least 10 deck belts , 5 drive belts , 3 blade belts , and 2 transmission belts . Customer service is really hard to deal with . They always say that their design is fine , it 's the person operating it that is causing the damage . I 've taken it to several `` authorized '' dealers and private shops and they say the same , `` it has a defective design '' but MTD refuses to acknowledge . What good is a mower that breaks belts constantly?next spring I will remove motor and put it on a different mower then scrap this worthless rider .
 When the machine arrived , it would not start . To make a very long and time consuming story short , the local service dealer determined it needed a new engine which was replaced . After waiting nearly a month to use the machine and having to pay the transportation charges to have it serviced -LRB- $ 45 -RRB- , come to find out the model Amazon sold me is last years -LRB- this years ' model is a 13BT ... -RRB- . So , if you need to buy this machine -LRB- something I would not recommend because of poor quality and a tough to deal with MTD service organization -RRB- , go get this years ' model elsewhere . You can check to see if it runs before taking it home and local places care enough about your business to do exchanges , defer warranty transportation charges and when they have to look you in the face , the arrogance is kept to a minimum .
 I was extremely disappointed with this item . In 45 minutes I had acquired just a couple of pine cones and very sore arms . Do n't know what I 'll do now .
 Sounds great , does n't it ? Such a simple concept to save a lot of bending over . The reality is quite different . I found that I had to expend a lot of energy really slamming the Coneivore onto a pine cone to make the plastic fingers bend enough to pick it up . Even then , several jabs were often required to pick up a single cone . I gave up before filling it a single time . It might work if the fingers were more flexible , but as presently configured , it is worse than useless because it takes up space . I recommend that you spend the money on a good pair of gardening gloves and resign yourself to bending over .
 It simply does not pick up Douglas fir cones -- of which we have hundreds . I admire the people who created this product and their ingenuity , but it refuses to pick up our cones even with sustained effort . I am going to try A.M. Leonard 's NWW Large Nut Roller -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- and will write an update.I already know another product available through Amazon -- the Nut Gatherer -LRB- http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000H5OGPI/ref=oss_product -RRB- -- does not work for Douglas fir cones , either . Its wires are too close together , and the head is too small to hold more than a few cones , anyway.UPDATED 4/20/10
 This would probably be a great product if only you could assemble it . No tools are required ; this should have been a 10 minute project ... but the parts do n't fit together . Two of the three poles I received in my package do NOT fit over the posts on the foot bracket , making it impossible to put this together . Tried calling the company , but it 's a Sunday and all I could do is leave a message . Now instead of lounging in my hammock this afternoon I 've got all these big assembly pieces lying around and I 'm facing the prospect of bundling them up to return them for a refund . I am furious ! Update , 8/10/12
 The Hammock hooks for a Myan hammock should be 6 feet off the ground . The hooks for this hammock stand are about 3 feet.Most of the hammock stands suffer from being too low . I have a welding shop and will extend the arms . The hammock stand is useless to me , as it is . If I stretch the hammock out strait when I sling the hammock , the frame will still bend enough to put me on the ground , when my 185 pounds is added to the hammock.In fairness , the welding and finishing is good . Mine was assembled without tools and only minor problems . As hammock stands go , I suspect this is one of the better products of it 's type.For a spreader bar hammock , with the user lying end to end , the stand is probably usable , but very close to the ground.Avoid any hammock stand , if you can . Secure your hammock to a tree , house , or other fixture , you are much better off not buying a hammock stand.As a hammock user for 40 years , I can tell you that for comfort , canvas hammock are the bottom of the barrel , the various spreader bar hammocks are the middle of the road products and the Mayan hammocks are the absolute best design by far.Users of Mayan hammocks will never switch back to the lesser designs . The Mayan hammock provides much better support , but you do have to learn to use and handle them properly . It is not difficult , but there are a couple of tricks someone can show you in a minute or two . Probably You Tube could help . `` Hammock Boutique '' on Amazon sells the finest Mayan hammocks for a very reasonable price , -LRB- disclosure
 I have used this product for 2 years , the first year I thought it did have some effect on the odor of the water as my dogs were not as stinky but did not see any effect on the muck . This year , I literally used this every week all summer , it did absolutely nothing ... the dogs were as stinky as ever and no noticed effect on the muck . I would n't waste your time with it .
 Bought Florian Maxi pole pruner system at the Big E 2010 waited for delivery several weeks when I called got the run around , so I drove to factory and picked it up myself problems with rachet from day one year later brought it back to the big E where the gentleman fixed my rachet problem and installed new rope upon trying to prune branches the rope would jump off the roller and hang up leaving the pruner hanging 12 feet in the air.I fixed the problem myself with a 19 cent fender washer being the pulley was too narrow allowing the rope to wedge itself between the pulley and the pole . If someone in quality control was awake they would have seen the problem and installed a wider pulley.The biggest problem is the lack of concern they have for the customer !!
 An awkward device . No clear instructions . Tried a fairly high branch -LRB- the intended goal -RRB- then was unable to re-telescope the two sections of pole . No online help . No online instructions . Poorly engineered .
 Tried to order one of these after the first of the year -LRB- 2011 -RRB- . Never got it . ??? Finally got a refund - just now -LRB- April 2011 -RRB- . Soooo - I do n't know how the distributor -LRB- Illinois Supply -RRB- can say they have 19 in stock when I could n't get them to send me one ????
 I looked at the picture and said to my self , that is a heavy duty cover , NOT - it is just a heavy trash bag , it does fit ok . $ 15 was wasted and that was on sale . . I am not going to sent it back , to much gas .
 i thought it was me , maybe i put the cover on wrong . i was mistaken this thing should be called the un-coverbecause thats what you get . i ca n't even imagine who designed this . i wish i had read the other reviews .
 The description on the item is not accurate - there is nothing in the bottom and the cover simply hangs down , proving less covering or protection than a simple plastic tarp.Plus , there is an essentially open side , although held together with hook-n-loop , there is a gap of about four inches on the front corners , which you ca n't close tighter.Very disappointed - 1 star is too high for what you think you are getting . This is the very first thing I 've returned to Amazon in a very long time of shopping with them .
 Do n't waste your money on this thing . There is no draw-string at the bottom of the cover for a tight fit and there are 2 gaping holes at the top corners of the cover that will allow everything that you do n't want into it . I wish I had read some of these reviews before purchasing . Shame on me , so learn from my mistake . You 'd be better off throwing a sheet of plastic over your generator . This cover is junk !!
 This cover should be sold at a Dollar Store . The material is light . A garbage bag would work better . It has not way to secure it to the generator and would immediately blow off . I returned it promptly for a refund
 The medium size generator cover is actually smaller than the 25-by-19-by-21-inches -LRB- LxWxH -RRB- shown in the description . The dimensions on the product box are 24-by-16 .5 - by-16 -LRB- LxWxH -RRB- which is considerably smaller . Be careful .
 This item is not good , is about 10 inches off the ground and allows dust to blow under and up into the generator , also blows off with a little gust , as there is no way to secure to generator . I have a standard size generator .
 I was surprised that the the cover that arrived did not match the product description . I 've ordered numerous items from Amazon and had good success in the past . Unfortunately this order is a bust . There is no ` Elastic shock cord in bottom hem ' to ` provide -LSB- a -RSB- slip-on , custom-like fit ' . Basically it is a 5 sided plastic cube , open at the bottom , that drapes over the generator . I 'd ordered this specifically for the cord in the hem to keep it in place in windy weather . Also , one corner is open and fastens with velcro . This was also not described in the product information . I 'm concerned that rain will get in thru this opening , which defeats the purpose of a cover.In all I would n't recommend this product as a generator cover . I 'm more disappointed however by the misleading product description .
 The description for this cover states
 The cover was too small for the generator -LRB- the picture on the web page gives you a wrong impression and is missleading -RRB- . Even though , it was a recommended item to be purchased along with the generator . Although , the cover was well made , it should have been made using heavier fabric for real world applications .
 The cover is flimsy and overpriced . The plastic cover is so thin . It nearly took a week for the cover to arrive by UPS . Think twice before you order this one .
 the cover for the generator is not good in bad weather there is no way to secure over the generator so that wind will not lift it off and let it blow away , also moisture -LRB- rain and snow -RRB- can get onto the generator through holes in the cover .
 This is an ultra light weight product and a bit flimsy . A good gust of wind will blow it right off the generator . I would rather spend a little more for a better quality product . This is cheese-ola
 If feasible , I would give this product zero stars . Because my generator 's handles go down vertically , before installing the cover , I heavily taped and closed the two handle openings from the inside of the cover . The generator is not even totally uncovered , with overhanging roofing above it . When I took the cover off after having some rain , the generator was wet , as was the inside of the cover . When I called Classic Accessories , I was told that water can leak through the cover 's seams , even though their site states `` maximum water resistance and repellency . '' I ca n't believe that a leaking cover like this exists and strongly recommend that no one buy it .
 Description states elastic bottom but info that came w/cover states only on the medium . Description doese n't mention there are 2 large holes for handles to stick out , hard to be water tite that way . 1 side opens w/velcro that doese n't cover the entire length , again , hard to be water tite that way . Thin and cheap , imho.hard to find a good cover.jm
 I had to send this cover back , one of the few purchases from Amazon I had to do so . It is not at all like the picture shows . The material is very thin . I ended up buying a Weber grill cover for my generator . It works just fine .
 This generator cover is a good example of the problems associated with buying on line , if I had examined the cover in a store prior to buying it I would not have bought it . It does cover my 7,000 watt generator but it is made of very thin material and I could have as much protection for my generator by covering it with an old sheet . It has holes for the handle but they are not in the correct place to be used with my handle . With the shipping cost it 's just not worth sending it back . Maybe someone else will benefit from my experience .
 I ordered this cover to try to save some money and this is truly a case of `` you get what you pay for '' . It is very flimsy , unlike the photo . The holes are awkwardly positioned close to the top , which is important to me . With the way the holes are positioned , I am forced to run chains to the generator loosely , allowing slack where I prefer to keep the chains tight to the fence where generator is chained to in order to allow no slack for would be thiefs to have room to cut the chains . The generator is also packed in a bag -LRB- which interestingly enough has a drawstring where the cover does not . -RRB- That bag is permanently attached to the cover unless you cut it off . There is also no way to tighten the cover around the base of the generator . Very poorly made product . I should 've worried less about price and more about protecting my investment .
 If you think you 're getting the cover in the photo , I have a bridge in Brooklyn to sell you . If you need to protect your generator that stays outside waiting for the power to go off -LRB- a frequent occurrence where I live thanks to AEP -RRB- , this cover is NOT what you need . Its just cheap thin plastic with two holes in the top corners for generators that have permanent handles sticking out -LRB- mine does n't -RRB- making it useless for keeping out rain and snow . These same hole make it a bad dust cover as well if your generator does n't have the handles sticking out . Note that the photo in the advertisement is missing the holes - it 's NOT the same cover . It also does n't have the label shown in the photo . Without elastic or a drawstring the slightest breeze blew it off until I used bungee cords around it to hold it on . Needless to say I have returned it - hence the `` 1 '' rating.This company should be banned from Amazon for deceptive advertising . Why not just show the real cover and say it 's for indoor use only so people do n't go through the hassle of having to return it?Update
 The picture of the product and its description was totally different than what I received . A tarp would do as well or better than this product . I returned the cover the next day .
 THE COVER IS NOT THE RIGHT SIZE FOR THE GENERATOR WE GOT . THE COVER WAS SHOWN ON OUR GENERATOR AND THE CORRECT ONE WAS SUPPOSEDLY DISPLAYED AND ORDERED . IT IS TO LARGE AND WILL NOT TIGHTEN UP TO MAKE A GOOD FIT . VERY DISAPPOINTED AND WISH I WOULD HAVE SENT IT BACK . IT IS USELESS AS IT IS .
 Item billed and described as XL box label said medium . Complete garbage . Did find other use but still need a cover for generator . Atleast I know aha I 'm not using .
 You get what u pay for ... very cheap flimsy cover ... Must be used for inside use if any use @ allit might protect from dust but that too could probably blow a hole in it ... lolJust buy a tarp its cheaper and will do a better job or a bbq grill cover that is thick and will fit your generatorFYI the Honda generator covers while $ 50 are worth the $ $ $ if they will fit your Gen
 Item not as advertised , no drawstring , extremely thin . DO NOT BUY , it is a WASTE of money . Large plastic garbage bags are more durably made .
 Cheap material , might be call `` large '' but is not that large at all . I would n't cover my kids toys with it outside never mind my generator !
 The cover is very flimsy and lightweight , not at all what I expected . It blew off in the wind and wo n't stay in place no matter how many times I replace it . The last time it blew off it rained so there was a puddle of water on top of the generator . From the photo it looks like a heavyweight , almost rubber cover , but it is n't .
 I thought the cover would be the proper size for my generator . It was obviously designed for a larger one . There are also slits in it which make it difficult to keep the rain out .
 Based on the dimensions listed in the ad the medium size cover would have been prefect but the size was larger than actual and larger than the size lised on the product when it arrived . It had to be sent back .
 Cheap , lightweight cover . Disappointed in quality but just purchased , so I ca n't comment on durability .
 It does not have a elastic cord at the bottom . There is nothing to hold it on the generator . I returned it .
 The cover fits like a glove , and if I planned to store my generator inside until it was needed , it would be perfect . However , for very practical reasons , the generator will be on my deck -LRB- bolted down , for sure -RRB- and exposed to Maine weather . The cover is very light - much lighter than an ordinary grill cover - and I worry that it will not stand up to the elements . Right now I 'm contemplating whether I might need a cover to cover the cover .
 Its is very flimsy . It does n't stay on the generator at all . There is nothin to help secure it onto the generator . I do n't think that it 's going to last long at all .
 there 's no draw string at the bottom . it 's practically useless without it . material is thin . not worth the price . do not buy this product .
 The product I received was a woeful disappointment . There is no shock cord in the bottom edge and there are 12 '' seam openings in two corners -LRB- to allow for handles is my assumption , -RRB- but I bought this to keep rain and debris off the unit . Rain and snow would have no problem building inside the cover and a good stiff wind would likely remove it from the generator . It does at least provide a layer underneath the tarp I have tied down over it . The `` heavy-duty '' fabric is the weight of a light windbreaker . I do not recommend this product .
 This product is of inferior construction , flimsy & thin & although it ddoes fit my generator , it blows off at every chance it gets . I expect , because of the quality , that it will be torn to shreds within a month .
 Large cover should be 35-by-24-by-30 but actually it is 35-by-24-by-21 ! And it is too short for my 7000W generator . Be careful
 I guess it was an idea , but holes for handle will caused water damage to the machine . it was a bad idea after all .
 After using this one time I struggled with bringing my pool back into balance for rest of season . It was pretty when we did it . But it really sucked to have to deal with cloudy green tinted water for weeks after . We never really did recover . I have an above ground pool and we had not had any problems with it until the day after using the blue dye .
 These floats are much thiner than competitive products and do not support much weight.The finish is also bad and the surface will stick together when it comes in contact with itself .
 I watched as my 100 pound daughter got on this float and went down into the water in a sitting position up to her neck . When she laid down , the water was still covering her . Disappointed .
 Float is designed for smaller individuals . Is only recommended for weights up to 150 lbs . If you 're over that this float will not keep muck of your body out of the water .
 I was very disappointed when I opened the box and saw what I had ordered . Picture is deceiving . Float is slimy , thin , does not keep you out of water . Sinking wherever you put weight on it , and feels awful . I returned it and am waiting to get money back . Waste of time . Do n't bother with this float .
 This pool float does n't float ! I weigh 121 lbs . The float does n't keep my body above water . On my stomach my face is below water level . It wo n't even hold my 5 year old above water . Complete waste of money . Will attempt to return . If I ca n't it will be almost a hundred bucks into the dumpster and solid waste stream . : -LRB-
 Maybe it works for deer but I bought it for the rabbits in the city of Minnneapoliswhere they seem to be running rampant this year . I followed the instructions and tried it more than once . Rabbits must be really hungry I guess . Easy to spray though and I did n't mind the smell like some of the reviews mentioned .
 I was so excited to receive this and give it as a gift . It was gorgeous ... until I noticed the foot was broken off . The Styrofoam lining they used was ripped to pieces , I 'm assuming that 's the cause of the broken foot . Considering this was to be gifted in 2 days returning and getting a replacement in time is n't possible . More than a little disappointed .
 Stay away from this Fiskars product . The hinge pin came out the very first time I used the shears . The jaws do n't open wide enough . Very poor design and quality .
 I chose a pair of these hedge trimmers at Home Depot based on the Fiskars name . I took them home and used them for about 15 minutes when they locked up . The blades bent into each other at the tip causing them to lock up and even chipped the blade . Thought it was fluke , took them back and exchanged for another pair . Got home , made about five cuts , same thing . Took them back and got a refund . I examined them and found the problem `` Made in China '' These may be a counterfit copy as the steel is cheap junk .
 I do not use these shears professionally , just around my home . I purchased them spring of 2010 . Initially they worked well and the Power Lever design gives good cutting power . The weak design link is really sad however when you discover it . The blades of the shears are held together , not with nuts and bolts , not even with washers and rivets but merely a pin that is punched to say in place . Unbelievable ! Of course it falls out after limited use and it 's not a matter of if they will fail but simply how quickly they will fail . I have requested a replacement under their lifetime warranty but if there is no difference in construction expect they too will fail fairly quickly.Sad , as they are otherwise nice shears .
 I bought 3 pair of fiscars 22 '' hedge sheers for my garden crew and all three pair literally fell apart in 4 days !
 Pin popped out of the hinge after about 5 uses . It 's garbage now . Will be ordering another brand . Do n't waste your money .
 buy another brand , the pin drops out and the blades dont function properly , the plastic knobs , crack off after a while , -LRB- see my pictures -RRB- I am about to call for my replacement will see how they treat me and then repost.Update
 Bought these things for residential use . Did n't use them very much but after a hard day 's use the pins in the blades fell out . No big deal I thought . I will just use the lifetime warranty . Was I in for a surprise . Turns out the lifetime warranty consisted of them sending me the parts , me buying a bottle of Loctite and little old me doing the repair . Told their customer service , no way . It would seem the lifetime warranty stamped on the handles is just a ruse to sell the product . A word to the wise . It is n't if they will fail , it is when they will fail .
 I bought these to replace old dull trimmers . They are very sturdy and very sharp , But they do n't open wide enough so it takes twice as long to trim the bushes . I prefer using the dull trimmers .
 DO NOT BUY THIS HAMMOCK ! I purchased this item in September 2011 , by March of this year -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , it was not usable . The green and white side looks fine , but the solid green side literally disintegrated into a green powder . Keep in mind it was not chewed on by a dog , played on by a child , eaten by insects or mistreated in any way . I ca n't explain why a fabric would do this and I have never seen it happen before . Spend your $ 149 on something that you will be able to actually use in 6 months . Very , very , very disappointed as this should have lasted at least a couple years !
 When I opened the package I was very pleased with the quality of the sundial ... it has a pretty design , nice color and finish , etc. . After only 2 weeks in the garden there are already rust spots on the raised parts of the design . Buyer beware !
 While this looks like it might be a good product , I ordered it on the first of August and have waited for its delivery , only to be told several times that there is a shortage in inventory . Seems that these are really not available . Do not waste precious time ordering this product .
 Weber Wood Chips are OK . I 've used them off and on but I only buy them at the end of the summer when they are like 99 cents a bag at the local store . They do give you the Apple Wood Flavor but because they have the Weber name they are over priced . IF you cant live without Weber Product them I recommend you buy them but if you have a choice get another brand .
 I thought I 'd at least get a few nice sized chunks -LRB- i think it mentioned in the description -RRB- , however these were very small chips . Just using as accent tastes along with hickory chunks .
 We have not received he smoker . The rest is still in ; t ; he box / I have not used the chocolate pump either . What do ; you mean &#34; time required &#34;
 I have a Zareba SP-30 fence energizer . It worked great putting out 10Kv but after less than a year 2.5 Kv output . Got it fixed on warranty and again it worked fine but for less than a year . Turns out the output transformer goes bad . Having replaced six of these transformers for ~ $ 50.00 a pop , I got the message , this unit requires a new redesign . I have a Parmak unit which has worked flawlessly without missing a beat and going on for 3 years . Go figure .
 Purchased this item to protect my dexter cows . Very small pasture and not much area to cover . Worked great for about 3 months then nothing . No output at all . Trying to get repacement . Piece of junk . Not again .
 This sells for $ 19 . Look elsewhere on Amazon , etc. . I have used a similar product Sure-Drive I think it is called .
 This was not expected , we were so excited that we bought this , and after waiting for such a long time for this feeder to arrive we were very disappointed to find out that the birds are not attracted to it at all ! forget feeding from it they do n't even look at it we would not recommend buying this unless your birds are used to this type of a feederany other feeding suggestions welcome !
 The flag that I received was stitched so unevenly where the flag itself goes up into the white strip of material where the grommets are -LRB- the header ? -RRB- that when the flag was hung , the resulting irregular shape was clearly apparent.I called the flag manufacturer to see if this was to be expected and the rep said I could either return it to Amazon or send it to them and they would fix it , so I sent it back to Amazon and ordered another . The second one just arrived and unfortunately the material , again , goes up into the header unevenly , but not nearly as badly as the first flag . Material next to both grommets is crimped as well . I am wondering whether these were irregular ` seconds ' from the manufacturer or whether that 's just the way they are made , without much attention to detail . I would n't think it would be too difficult to sew a straight line making sure the material is all the way up into the header , but apparently it is . Plus I would expect quality control to catch these errors before being sent out for sale.Other than that particular complaint , the material feels like it would be long lasting . * Update * 10/27/10
 Karcher makes a good product at least in the sense that it does perform as advertized when you first use it . The Honda motor is excellent and the tool generally performs very well . My problem with this machine started in year three -LRB- conveniently after the two year warranty expired -RRB- and is a result of a sticky `` unloader valve '' . This is a critical piece that protects the pump but can stick and essentially disable the pump . Once it starts to malfunction you have no choice but to take the whole machine to a Karcher certified repair center -LRB- hassle and $ $ $ -RRB- . The company provides no information on service or preventive maintenance for this valve in it 's owners manual . Indeed , the unloader valve is never even mentioned in the troubleshooting section although this is a common problem with all pressure washers . You can not purchase a replacement unloader valve from Karcher , they wo n't sell you one.So , three years into ownership I have a great Honda motor with about 2 or 3 hours of use on a completely worthless pressure washer unless I fork over another $ 150 for service center installation of a $ 25 valve or be told that I need an entirely new pump which would cost more to put in than a new pressure washer once labor is included.The problem with these things is that there are aluminum parts internally that corrode . They corrode faster in winter etc but the bottom line is that Karcher gives almost no preventive maintenance instructions for the pump itself . I always emptied it of water and left it in the barn . The service people tell me that they advise customers to take these pressure washers into the heated area of the house in the winter !!! Bottom line
 I bought the Karcher because I felt it was a winning combination of Honda and Karcher.I bought it late in the year and only used it once before winter , I stored the unit in the celler.I took it out in the spring and used it for about two hours all was fine , great unit.I took it out about a month later and found no pressure.Then the fun began.I went back and forth with Karcher and ended up sending the pump back to the factory . By the time I got it back I could only try it to see if it worked , it seemed fine . -LRB- there was no charge because the bolt inside the pump had fallen out and been eaten by the pump -RRB- The story goes on , I just took it out this year and it worked well for 20 min . and then it started pulsating on and off , I tried changing nozzels , looking for some sort of carb adjustment -LRB- nope , not allowed -RRB- _ I am now ready to put this $ 400 unit at the street and hope someone will take it . I will never by Karcher again.This unit is now 2 years old and if I try too get it fixed it will cost me another $ 150 - $ 200 probanly not going to do this.I would hope Karcher would make this right.Signed frustrated from Chelmsford , MA
 I too got this pressure washer through a hotel rewards program . When the unit arrived , I assembled it and tested it out . To my dismay the pump was surging and would not deliver solid pressure . I tried different water taps and verified the tips were clean . After taking the washer to a dealer , I had to wait 5 months to get a new pump in . During that time Karcher would not honor my warranty because I did not have a sales receipt . After I explained I got this through an awards clearing house and had the original shipping slip , they would still not honor my warranty claim.So , the point is :1 . Washer was broken out of the box .2 . Karcher tech support sucks -LRB- online only -RRB- 3 . Ordering parts is a nightmare -LRB- most retailers listed on Karcher 's web site have dropped the Karcher line all together -RRB- 4 . Abysmal customer serviceHopefully now I can find a Sears pressure washer that uses the same engine !
 Honda engines last a long , long time but the rest of the Karcher components will not . Within a month or two , the inlet hose connector broke making the unit useless . What was more useless was Karcher refused to replace this $ 5 defective part , as the two-year warranty does not include many components . The two-year warranty was printed on the box in bold letters without exceptions so Karcher is playing games . Anyway , our local hardware store has this plumbing part off the shelf - so it was an easy fix at my expense . Should have return the unit for a refund.Right away I notice the pressure cycles between high and low pressure and the dirtblaster nozzle failed to spin or blast any dirt . Anyway , most of the time it stay at high pressure and the dirtblaster spins so I thought it 's due to the low flow rate from my house water supply . I did n't known the unit failed intermittently during the first two years under warranty.Finally the unit failed completely to pump water altogether while the Honda engine is running great as usual . Very little use , maybe 15 hours , and just out of warranty - Karcher warranty is useless anyway so as their website or technical support . Nowhere Karcher mention this common problem across their product lines nor could I find a parts list or parts diagram on their website . Even the Chinese products provide a parts list and diagram for future service but not Karcher.Now I know the problem is the infamous sticky unloader valve which Karcher had known for years across their product lines but refused to acknowledge it on the trouble shooting section or mention anywhere else . Should have known better not to expect much from a company that does not honor the warranty . A `` Karcher unloader valve problem '' search on Google and results in many people having this problem . `` How to fix a sticking Karcher Pressure Washer '' on YouTube has a solution too . Best stay away from this German junk company .
 I bought the G2600PH 2 years ago - used it 4 or 5 times -LRB- total of 3 hours -RRB- . I was using the washer when it just stopped working . Brought it to an authorized service center and was told that the pump SEIZED . The total for repairs would be $ 375.00 -LRB- more than I paid for the washer new -RRB- . Karcher customer service SUCKS ! I put in 7 phone calls and 3 emails - NADA , not even a response . They did n't even contact the service center . I have read other reviews that appear to state the same issues . Do n't buy a Karcher - their product sucks and is only matched by their crappy customer service/support .
 I have/had both Karcher electric as well as gas washers . The electric has a plastic pump housing that will crack right after the warranty period with very little use . The gas unit has a know sticking valve problem which renders the Karcher useless with very little use right after the warranty period too . In fact , a minor part on my gas unit broke within two months or about one hour of use . Unbelievable , that part was not covered under the 2-year warranty period . Warranty not honored - should have return it for a refund.What good is it when Honda engine runs forever but the rest of the Karcher unit craps out in a hurry ? At least Chinese junk is cheap and sometime works well , this German junk is neither cheap nor works well.Had the problem of pressure surging on and off since the unit was new and though it was low house water pressure or problems with the spray tips . It turn out mine has a bad valve , like so many others have . I just fixed this infamous sticking valve this morning - cheap fix if you know what to do . Search the web and YouTube , you 'll found how to fix it too . Not surprisingly , there was no mention on this Kracher common problem on their support website nor was there a parts diagram/list available from them either . Even my Chinese tools include a parts diagram and parts list for repair later down the line.Maybe 2 stars a little too generous .
 I bought my pressure washer from Sam 's , it 's the same model as is shown here . The first one I took home and hooked up the garden hose and the connector came off in my hand . I took it back to Sam 's and they made it good and gave me another . I have used the washer less than 10 times in a little over 2 years . The wand broke in the middle where the trigger assembly and the lance portion connect . I contacted Karcher and never did get to speak to a human . I finally got the parts from an aftermarket seller of Karcher parts . I received the new wand assembly and installed it . I used the washer for approx . 20 minutes and the engine seized . I figure it cost me a little more than $ 30.00 per use . If you can afford to pay those rates go ahead and get one , I found that I could n't afford it .
 Bought and used four times before the 1st swivel adapter broke . Have to purchase from Karcher at a cost of $ 4.99 each . I bought multiple , but also complained to Karcher they should develop an alternative to brass . Also , complained about Karcher accessories I purchased via Amazon , that do not fit . Buyer beware , unless , manufacturer or Amazon addresses .
 DO NOT BUY ANY KARCHER UNIT !!! THESE UNITS ARE POORLY MADE AND YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO CONTACT KARCHER DIRECTLY IF YOU HAVE A PROBLEM . THE SERVICE CENTERS CAN CHARGE YOU WHAT EVER THEY WANT ... EVEN IF THE UNIT IS UNDER WARRANTY . YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED !!!!!
 This will work for a while and the price is low . Good temporary item.If you have any plans of using it frequently or for more than a year get an all brass one . The plastic valve handle parts will break . Mine all have .
 This is the second Weather Channel product I have bought . The first stopped working a year after I bought it ... just after the warranty ran out ! The second one I just purchased . When I took it out of the box and set it up , I realized that the crystal was broken and you could not read the time . I called customer service and they said some would call me back in 4 days ! Yes ... 4 days !! I said ... that is just GREAT ! What great customer service . After 4 days I got a call back and they said I had to send in the old Weather Channel to get a new one . I said ... let me get this right ... you want me to spend $ 10 to ship something back to you that cost me a total of $ 18 ! NOT ! I just threw the thing away . Stay away !
 We had a remote thermometer . Some of us live far enough North that the temp drops to -20 deg . . This thermometer stops reading at that temp . When I ask what could be done they said we were on our own . do n't bother with them there not worth it .
 The problem here was that the product came broken in several pieces even though the box it came in was very well packaged . I do n't think the box from the manufacturer has the terracotta dish packed well enough for individual shipment , no matter how well amazon wraps the box up in bubble wrap -LRB- the terracotta is much thinner than a standard terracotta pot for plants -RRB- . The item was so broken that I was not able to test it , so I can not comment on its mosquito repellent qualities . If you really want to try this product , I recommend buying it in a store and making sure the pot is not broken before buying .
 These do n't appear to have any effect on the local mosquito population , and I am using Off brand coils . So , just as many mosquito bites + the unpleasant smell from the coil . This product is a failure .
 I Bought the pressure washer new in 2010 , used it to wash ATVs a few times a year . Worked very well , then all of a sudden motor would run , but no pressure , would never build enough to shut pump off with trigger closed . I took it apart and checked all the basics , must be bad pump . Got 3 years of occasional use on a inexpensive pressure washer ... . fair deal overall .
 gon na keep it short - bought it , used it a few times , now no pressure . Motor spins , but no pressure when i pull trigger - figure foreign object , rust or just wear on the pump innards ... gon na buy a good gas powered one next time .
 The feeder has 2 tabs in the female screw in area that accepts the bottle that prevents it from going al lthe way in . THey are too long and the neck of the bottle is above the rim of the feeding tray . I had to san down the top of the female screw in section as well as cut about 3/16 off the tabs inside the screw in section to prevent the sugar water from ibbediatly running out on the ground . Once I made the necessary modification the feeder works perfectly . It ; s a beautiful feeder , the mold maker of the tray and bottle should be `` written-up '' .
 This price is highway robbery . I bought two of these last week for $ 14.00 a piece at a local Menards.They are also advertised online for $ 22-25 in several places .
 The problem identified in the August 17 , 2008 review has not been corrected . The item that is shipped is in a NON-REFILLABLE bottle . If that 's your reason for purchasing this product -LRB- like me -RRB- , then look elsewhere . For the deceptive advertising , this product earns a 1-star review.The top chamber is large enough to hold enough oil for a 40:1 or 50:1 mix for a single gallon of gas - 2 gallons of gas requires 2 `` fill-n-pours '' . If you 're looking for a 24:1 or 32:1 mix , then you 'll be doing multiple `` fill-n-pours '' for each gallon of gas . Bleh .
 After I bought this oil , I was told by a Husqvarna technician that any inexpensive SAE30 oil would work just as well at less than half the price . Live and learn .
 Product ordered and product shipped were simular but different . Product I recieved was unusable for my application . Wrote and explained my situation and did not even recieve the courtesy of a reply . Will never do business with this company again .
 This spreader is used solely for ice melt and I would never recommend this for this purpose . One bag in the hopper causes a lot of drag on the wheel gears and as soon as you hit a somewhat slippery surface the wheel locks up and is useless . I am sure it would be fine for seeding or fertilizer , but not sure it is worth the extra $ $ over a good Scotts spreader unless you have a large area to cover and need the extra capacity . I bought 2 of these and the first one came with a chunk of the hopper broken off . Amazon took care of it right away so I am happy about that . I have had them for 1 year and the second one now has a broken hopper from a chunk of ice melt falling out of the bag . I think the plastic used for the hoppers is cheap and brittle from my experience . In Agri-Fabs defense they are sending me a new hopper at no charge though .
 I 'm a former lawn professional and I was looking for a heavy duty affordable lawn spreader to treat my lawn as well as some neighbors . This spreader is no better than any option available at walmart . This spreader probably would n't make through a whole season without problems . I gave this to a friend and purchased a lesco spreader for myself . I 'd only recommend this spreader for seed spreading .
 this purches was a waist of money and time it came with a bent axle other parts were put on upside down it needs constant adjustments to the drive gear . and with amazons return police by the time you find out these thing its used . DO NOT BUY THIS SPREADER >> >
 I 've had the umbrella for 4 days . The lights worked just fine the 3 times I turned them on . Today when I turned them on , they stayed on for about 1 second then quit completely . I should have gotten just a plain umbrella .
 This is not a ` SOLAR POWERED ' item . Ordered it from a search of `` solar umbrella '' and did not realize it was not solar powered as were the other 100 items on the list . Fabric is quite sheer , not exactly see through but nothing close to canvas as I have experienced with other market umbrellas .
 I read the other reviews and looked at the pictures before I ordered this umbrella . Seemed OK.However , what was not reviewed was the fabric of the umbrella - the `` canvas . `` To me , the common understanding of the word `` canvas '' is a heavier weight cotton or cotton blend - a durable fabric . The fabric on the umbrella I received was like thin nylon . Most disappointing . I returned the umbrella.I think the product description should be corrected for a truer understanding by the shopperbefore deciding to order .
 The umbrella was defective and broken when i received it . The first time i tried to open the umbrella , it would not open with the crank . I agree with the comments related to the quality and look of the material on the canopy as it did seem like a cheap plastic like material versus a nice cloth one that i expected . The one positive is that Amazon allowed me top return it with no issues and no cost to return it . I definitely do not recommend the umbrella as the quality seems lacking .
 This umbrella is ok if you just want a patio umbrella , but if you want the lights to work , forget it . Ours arrived with broken wires and has never worked at all . It 's a fine regular patio umbrella . The umbrella stays on the frame well and it is pretty sturdy . You get what you pay for here . We were so busy dealing with Amazon regarding the patio chairs that also arrived broken that we did not mess with the umbrella problem . Now I have 1 umbrella that does n't work and 2 broken patio chairs sitting in a box in my driveway for over 30 days and an extra $ 300 + charge because they were happy to send me the replacements without ever picking up the broken chairs . We tried to send them back ourselves , and the cost of shipping exceeded the cost of the chairs . We doubted we would ever see that reimbursement and Amazon told us they would pick them up instead . That was over a month ago . The moral of the story is never buy something from Amazon that you can not ship back to them yourself . They will stick you with them and the cost of the replacement item .
 Why would you show a stand in the picture and not include one ? Also looks like it would not last long . Returning .
 I bought this umbrella in May of 2010 and loved it . It was a heavy beige canvas material and I really liked the lights . I brought it camping and it even held up in a rain storm . Unfortunately , my original umbrella got hit by a very sudden gust of strong wind recently and two of the arms bent and broke off . I will not blame the umbrella completely for breaking because it was sort of a crazy wind that took three people just to hold the table down.I ordered a replacement one a couple weeks ago -LRB- July 2011 -RRB- and what came was not the same umbrella . Instead of a heavier beige canvas material , it is now a thin white-ish almost Sunbrella material . It does block out the sun but you can tell it is not blocking it very well . The umbrella is lighter because of the new material but it also feels much cheaper . Also , the piece of thread that ties the umbrella up when not in use just fell of when I opened the umbrella the first time . The old one was sewn on . There is a thermometer on the pole now which is nice but it does not outweigh the new negatives.Take all the positive reviews with a grain of salt since they are reviews for a very different product in my opinion . I returned the umbrella due to its redesign and will be looking for another . On a positive note , returning was super easy and I received all my money back .
 I purchased three of these , I learned they need to be plugged in ... the ones I had did not require that . Also , a mild wind storm and one of the arms fell off ... now I keep these umbrella 's closed unless I am home and I can see there is no wind .
 I had high hopes for this , with the lights built in after using add-on lights to another umbrella.However after being carefully stored indoors over the winter the lights now will not turn on.The clock is set and indicates that it has power - but no lights.That was the whole purpose of this umbrella.It also is light and flimsy feeling compared to other umbrellas.I will definitely not buy another of these .
 Where do I start . What seems to work . The clock , calendar , day of the week , moon phases , pressure trend , indoor outdoor temps and humidities . I have had two other `` atomic clocks '' in this exact same spot and they did n't have any trouble getting the sync signal from Colorado . This clock maybe once a week which is prob ok . The programming and design is a mess . The Forcast -LRB- never right -RRB- , pressure trends and moon phases are scrolling icons . For instance to get the forcast first one cloud , then another cloud , the moon or sun , and third cloud then the forth is displayed . Then it blanks out and starts again . The moon phases , the clock scrolls thru all the possible phases , and the one where it sticks for a longer time then the others is the phase for the night . The pressure trend which like the others could just be a non-scrolling set of icons , scrolls back and forth . So you need more then a passing glance to figure out what the clock is telling you . Saving the programming time for all the scrollng would have allowed for an inside temp and humidity trend . Then the day of the week . Instead of a multi segmented icon for like MON , TUE and so on it displays in very small print each day of the week , which on this clock starts on Monday . Which ever day has a rectangle around it is the current day of the week . The barometer , is always anywhere from .10 to .30 mb 's off from the airport which is two miles away . The trend scroll does seem to indicate the trend , but the actual pressure reading is not good . I have had this clock since the first week in August . The forcast has always showed parly cloudy skys , but it has been the rare cloud that has been seen in the sky . Which is ok I can forcast with the pressure trend . Frankly a picture of Milla Jovovich raking leaves in her yard would be of more use then the forcast . So if time , date , day of the week and phases of the moon , temp and humidity is what you want and dont mind waiting for the scolling icons to tell the story then this clock is for you . On the good side , the inside and outside temps are more accurate then the two other weather station `` Atomic '' clocks I have had . And since you have to look at the clock for so long to get the icon status the fact that it displays the hour , minute and seconds is kinda nice .
 Packaging and product construction seemed to be made of unexpectedly cheap materials for this high price , I thought . Defects included : Faulty LCD screen : * Clock/Year
 I have had a few of these over the years and most work for at least a few months . I guess they dont work at all now . I think there is 1 company that makes these offshore , but they end up with a bunch of different brand names when they get into the US market . Save your money and time on these . Avoid
 It did actually work , but it eats batteries and is difficult to mount up high and be able to access the battery compartment . I had to rig a pulley system to get it down so I could change the battery . Also , I made a plastic cover to protect it from the weather . But , it did work .
 Waited months for this , and when it arrived it did n't work . Manufacturer would not refund my money , saying I 'd had the item too long . -LRB- She counted the time from the initial order . -RRB- Mark me down as real unhappy .
 I purchased 4 of these and hung them directly to the eaves to ensure dryness . They do chase off woodpeckers , but they are a nuisance to remove and check the batteries & if you check the batteries too often by making a noise you run the risk of wearing out the mechanism . These things are made in China & after 1 unit failed the the marketeer informed me the life may be as short as 4 Months ! My first one failed because after it droped it went beyond the wind-up point and just stayed at the bottom and ran the battery out / burned up the retract mechanism . The other failed due to the sound sensor failing . Save your money ! I installed sections of inexpensive bird netting . Netting will not need constant attention & the black color is nearly invisable unless you are standing directly in front of it . A Google search also reveals shaving mirrors work also .
 The one I got was not sharpened . so IDK if I could recommend this one . I do n't know how to sharpen it myself . I am disappointed
 Hole is too small to fit on edger . I finally succeeded in drilling out the hole to fit using a 3/8 '' drill but even then had to ream out the hole a little bit more to make it fit . I can tell you this thing is made of some serious metal type as it took quiet a bit of effort to drill out the hole . Had to go at it from both sides and it still took a long time to get the bit through and the bit was new . Seems like the edger maker wants to force you to use their blade . If the hole were the proper size it would be a great blade that lasts much longer and cuts cleaner .
 It was sent to an old address and was told I to contact my postmaster and when it was returned they would send it to the correct address , they told me it was sent first class and being a retired Postmaster I know that first class mail is returned , where is it or my money . I hope the 5 or 6 dollars will make you rich but youv ' e lost more business than that just from me .
 This doormat is incredibly lightweight and moves around when you step on it . I originally bought this for my dog door . The same day I got it and put it in place my dog was able to chew off the corner like it was bread . Now I have it at the door from my garage to the kitchen and I 'm still constantly putting it back to where it belongs . Not so good .
 The results have been very disappointing with this unit
 We received this product as a Christmas gift . Setup went well and it worked fine UNTIL IT RAINED . We now have determined that the rain gauge works fine UNTIL IT RAINS then we lose the wireless connection . It can easily be reestablished and it will continue to work UNTIL IT RAINS again . I can see from other posts that contacting customer service would be an exercise in futility .
 I ordered the rain gauge as a gift for my husband and it would not work no matter how he tried to set it up . He followed the directions with no luck .
 MY INITIAL THOUGHTS - READ THE UPDATE BELOW ! The rain gauge reads 1 '' when I drizzle 200 ml of water into the unit . I tried it three times and got a maximum spread of 0.06 '' . After a heavy downpour , the gauge registered substantially the same as my neighbor 's `` old school '' tube gauge . Not too shabby in my opinion , seeing how I was wondering more about did we get an inch of rain or an inch and a half , not was it 1.04 '' or 1.08 '' . Let 's get real . One complaint I 've seen repeated here is that getting to the batteries is a real pain because of all the tiny screws . That complaint must have reached the design team , as the unit I received has only two screws . Another complaint I 've seen is that the indoor and outdoor temperature readings do n't match when the outdoor sensor is placed beside the indoor unit . My answer to that is be patient . When I unpacked the unit , the outdoor and indoor readings differed by 5 degrees and were both 10 degrees away from the actual indoor temperature . I put the outdoor sensor and base unit next to each other and within a couple of feet of my thermostat and left them alone . Within a couple of hours they were within 0.1 degree of each other and within 0.5 degree of the thermostat -LRB- only reads to the nearest degree -RRB- . Again , not to shabby in my opinion , as I 'm not looking to see if it 's 75.1 or 75.2 degrees outdoors or in . Mount the rain gauge level and in the open ; mount the temperature sensor in the closest thing to deep shade you can muster and you 'll be fine . To those that will never be satisfied with any consumer grade rain gauge or remote thermometer , I suggest you take a ride to your local National Weather Service station and ask them for the model numbers of the equipment they use . $ 47,000 later you will know if you had 0.01 '' or 0.02 '' and if it 's 75.1 or 75.2 degrees out , if you 're able to focus long enough to set it up properly.UPDATE January 2012 - The outdoor temperature gauge reads fine in between about 65 and 80 degrees , other than that it is junk . The local news channel reports 18 degrees and it says 29 ; the local report is 104 degrees and it says 96 . No , it 's not in the sun at any time of the year , and where the sun do n't shine is where it belongs . The rain gauge -LRB- the reason I purchased this product -RRB- worked fine for about a year and then died . Nothing I can do will bring it back . I can not recommend this product .
 This Oregon Sci . rain guage worked pretty well for a little over a year although it did n't seem to record small amounts of rain at all . Showers that I thought were over 1mm , .04 in . just did n't record . After a little over a year it just stopped working . The display blinked continually and did n't record any rain events . Now it 's just an expensive indoor thermometer .
 this item constantly needs resetting . signal loss is rampant even if there is clear line of sight between base unit and the two remote sensors . the outdoor temp sensor rarely goes for 5 days before the readout goes to dashes even though the signal indicator reads a connection . the `` fix '' i got from the manufacturer involves bringing all the units to within 10 ' of each other , removing the battery box covers , and sequentially pressing all the reset buttons . well , that works for awhile but it erases all the data so the history function showing the accumulated rainfall over time is useless . dissapointed and aggrieviated .
 I purchased Oregon Scientific `` long range '' rain gauge in October . The product description states a 300-ft transmitting range . I placed my rain gauge in the backyard with the receiver in the house no more than 30-feet away -LRB- and by a window , too ! -RRB- . In less than an hour the receiver no longer was getting the signal . This was after using brand new Energizer Max batteries , instead of the cheap ones provided . I tried re-booting the transmitter and receiver with them sitting next to each other -LRB- a minor annoyance having to remove the EIGHT screws to get to the batteries -RRB- . The connection was quickly restored , so I returned the rain gauge back to its place outside . The receiver continued to maintain contact for about 35 minutes , but then lost it again . I am extremely unhappy with my purchase .
 I have purchased three of these units . When they work , they are WONDERFIUL . Problem is , they do n't work well for long . My first unit worked beautifully for almost a year . I did n't hesitate replacing it with another unit . This one , however , only worked for about 3 months . I did n't have my purchase receipt for warranty repair so I bought yet one more . This time , the unit NEVER worked properly . Each time the unit failed -LRB- including the one I just received from Amazon -RRB- , it was due to the rain guage losing contact with the main unit . Changing batteries , resetting , etc. etc. was to no avail -LRB- and VERY annoying because of all the silly little screws -RRB- . I returned the last unit and will NOT purchase another Oregon Scientific wireless rain guage unless they explicitly address the loss of contact issue .
 I purchased this item as a gift for my friend . He is very meticulous and I thought he would really enjoy it . Well , he would have if the thing had worked . The first unit worked for about 1 day , after much aggravating set up , taking down because it stopped working , opening the battery compartment , putting back together , putting it back up , only to have it stop working again . My friend called Oregon Scientific , the tech walked him through everything he had already done , then told him they would send him another . They did . This one said it had rained 1.12 inches in his living room - totally worthless piece of equipment . I 'm going to get a refund and buy one from Sears .
 I had faith in the Oregon Scientific name . No longer . Installing batteries was horribly awkward . With the outside temperature sensor sitting right next to the base unit , they read different temperatures - neither correct . Setting inital values was extremely awkward and not at all intrinsic . My unit shipped from ANTOnline who stonewalled me for over a week while I attempted to arrange a return for credit . Amazon should avoid ever working with ANTOnline and having them dirty the good Amazon reputation ! I will buy an old fashioned glass tube rain gauge .
 First , installing the batteries is a joke , as others have mentioned . Why is this not a snap-door installation ? 12 screws to put batteries in the rain bucket ? Come on ... After I got past that , the indoor and outdoor thermometers were 8-10F different after sitting on my kitchen table all day . I put the outdoor probe outside and it was consistently 8-10F different from my other unit , and the local NWS readings . I called the manufacturer , and they could have cared less.Amazon was great though . They refunded my money including shipping with no complaints . Recommend Amazon , do not recommend Oregon Scientific ...
 Bought this item to set display so that it would always show the last 7 to 9 days of rainfall . Sorry about that ! The only way to get the last 7 days is to either remember to re-set the cumulative display every 7 days OR to select each previous of the last 7 days and then manually ADD UP the rainfall for 7 days ... UNACCEPTABLE!Also there are TOO MANY little screws that have to be removed in order to change batteries ... about 9-10 if I remember correctly.Sent this unit back and bought Honeywell TC-152 . It is cheaper and can be set to always display last seven days of rainfall . Down side ... it has a lot of screws to remove also .
 I was contemplating purchase of this unit , but after reading the problems experienced by those who did purchase , I will not purchase any Oregon Scientific product . I `` m sorry those of you who did purchase have not had good success with the product , but you have been a success about warning those of us who were about to go through the same situation . Amazon needs to pull these articles from their `` shelf '' .
 Fiddled with this thing for 2 hours.Both indoor and outdoor temperature readings are inaccurate . Wireless range is much less than advertised . Rain gauge also inaccurate.Manual is a joke . Batteries require a screwdriver to change.One of the few items I 've ever returned to Amazon in disgust . I 'm sorry I ordered it .
 I am replacing my older Oregon Scientific long range gauge . The old one lasted about 5 years and worked perfectly until it died -LRB- possibly when a close lightning strike damaged some other electronic equipment , even burning through some 10 gauge wires -RRB- . The distance was about 200 feet from sending unit to receiver , somewhat longer than the standard unit claims as range and well within the range of this unit.Obviously I 'm happy with the unit , I bought another one.A word about Amazon . I failed to receive the first unit they sent -LRB- though UPS claimed to have delivered it - the curse of living rural , who knows where they delivered it -RRB- . Amazon promptly sent another unit . Ca n't ask for service better than that!I 'm adding my experience with the replacement , and another unit bought from another retailer . The replacement unit died in less than a year of service . I bought another replacement and it died in a few weeks , registering one rainfall . The temperature unit works fine , but wireless temperature gauges are far cheaper than this unit . I will not buy another of these units , or anything from Oregon Scientific for that matter .
 The Oregon Scientific RGR126 seems to be solid and well-made . Unfortunately , it does not accurately record rainfall . I have gone through two of these now and checked each against a known accurate manual rain gauge ; both units significantly under-report the rainfall . To make matters worse the manual calibration feature that this model used to have has been removed , presumably to save money , so there is nothing that can be done about it . I would not buy it again or recommend it .
 This item does not calculate correctly . The rain gauge would just go to .04 and the temperature was not near correct . Would not recommend it .
 I gave this to my husband as a Christmas present . Setup was pretty easy , but we have been more than disappointed . It pretty much does n't measure the rain at all , especially when it rains hard . I would not recommend this unit to anyone.By the way , I gave it one star ; but would not give it a star at all .
 This Oregon Scientific rain gauge has calibrations that are too crude for my needs . It only records in 1/10 inch for the first 1/2 inch . After that the smallest calibration is 1 '' increments . I need to be able to tell the difference between 1.0 '' and 1.9 '' . This gauge will not do that . I am going back to an analog gauge .
 The setup was easy and the gauge/remote temperature sensors worked well -LRB- initially , anyway ! -RRB- . The display unit is attractive and does n't take up a lot of space . HOWEVER , after just a few months , the LCD display for the rainfall information faded until it was unreadable . Then , the base unit began to fail to communicate with the rain sensor , followed shortly by a failure to communicate with the temperature sensor . All troubleshooting steps were followed and all failed.Upon calling for warranty service , I was told to send the unit back and that Oregon Scientific would simply mail me a new one - right answer ! However , that was in early October . It is now nearly the end of January , and no unit . I called to follow up and was told that they were out of stock and had NO IDEA when they might be shipping the replacement unit , and that there was no other type of unit that could be substituted . I asked that my request be escalated but there has been no response.This is pitiful customer service . Do not purchase any Oregon Scientific product expecting that they will honor their warranty . *** UPDATE 2/8/2007 *** I checked the Oregon Scientific website and discovered that one can buy a new unit for immediate delivery . Called customer service -LRB- again -RRB- and was told that the sales and warranty divisions have separate inventory and that the inventory for the warranty division is still on backorder . And they have no idea when the units will come in . And NO ! we can not get you a replacement from our sales division , even if you have been waiting for FOUR MONTHS . I asked that the call be escalated and was able only to leave a voice mail with a supervisor . *** UPDATE 2/18/2007 *** Still no replacement . The customer service supervisor did not return my call . I have now sent a letter via snail mail to the president of the company asking that they fulfill their warranty commitment . *** UPDATE 3/1/2007 *** At long last I have a replacement unit . I received follow-up calls from both the corporate and the customer service offices . I guess the keys to getting action from this company are persistence and taking your complaint to the top . It 's too bad to have to go to such lengths for a simple product replacement . *** UPDATE 6/13/2008The outdoor temperature sensor has failed and no longer transmits to the base station . The rain gauge is still working .
 Followed the set up instructions before permanently mounting rain gauge outside . All seemed well . Fabricated a level mount outside several weeks later and found that base station could no longer acquire signal from the gauge . Went through the battery change/reset ritual that tech support recommended . No change . No signal . Tech support issued RMA with a two to three week turn-around estimate . Oregon Scientific tech support not a value-added service .
 I received the Oregon Scientific RGR126 wireless rain gauge as part of a weather watchers program at my local TV station . I was looking forward to having a fairly low-fuss , easy to use station to collect weather data , considering that I do n't have a lot of time to commit to tweaking it every day.I opened the package and read through the very meager user manual . I 'd like to think that as a scientist , I could get a consumer-level station up and running easily . So I went about unscrewing the many tiny , unnecessary screws and inserted the batteries . The base station turned on , and received absolutely no signal from the rain gauge , even though they were right next to each other on the table . The temperature sensor was communicating , but it showed that the inside and outside temperatures were exactly the same -- a highly unlikely situation since the A/C was on . I came to Amazon , which is coincidentally the only place to get good info online . I tried the simultaneous reset multiple times , and cursed the fact that the thermo sensor reset was UNDERNEATH the screwed-down back panel . After at least five hours of effort , I was only unable to reliably get the indoor temperature correct . The rain gauge was nowhere to be seen , and the outdoor temperature had blanked out into '' -- '' . The following afternoon I decided to give it another go . After another simultaneous reset , the outdoor and indoor temperature were different values . However , I had to open the window and place the unit in the sill to get it to work . I left it there and went to work on the rain gauge . After pressing the signal search key on the base station , it finally located the signal about 10 minutes later . To test the sensor function , I got a cup full of water , a paper towel , and dribbled water into the unit . The manual states that the rain gauge sends data every 98 seconds ; my unit , I guess , was not aware of this requirement . I kept dribbling water in , becoming more irritated and impatient . Finally the level inside tipped , and a minute later a reading appeared . Of course , by this point I have no trust in the unit , so I repeat the process . I realized that it only gave a reading after the balance tipped . I picked it up , rocked it slowly from left to right . Sure enough , the reading goes up . The rain gauge only transmitted a change when the balance in the unit tipped from the weight of the water collected . I 'm not sure how it would work in the field , but how does it measure very small amounts of rainfall ? There 's no way to zero the rainfall completely , short of resetting the machine , so how would I be sure that the total on the base station is n't over the course of a few days?Right now I 've had it for just over 24 hours , and I ca n't wait to buy my own and send this one back . I think this product is very well priced for the consumer who wants to know more about weather than just what 's on the newscast . But it 's been a fairly frustration experience with a poorly designed product , and it has the potential of putting novices off the idea of weather watching completely.If you want a weather station , do n't get this one . Spend a bit more money if you can , and be sure to do extensive research . I give this unit a D - . It at least gets the indoor temperature right .
 Only 1 out of 4 units purchased as Christmas gifts worked correctly.Range of temperature sensor is NOT as claimed.These are not user friendly , as installing batteries in the rain gauge requires removal of 10 small screws with a jewelers screw driver .
 I had one of these units for 2 years . The comments about replacing the batteries are right on . Why must it be so difficult ? Generally the unit gave reasonable readings , however very small amounts of rain did not record . But when one considers the tilting pan mechanism for measuring rainfall , this -LRB- at least to me -RRB- is not surprising . A small amount of rain does not trip the pan , and may evaporate before the next rainfall.During the time I owned the unit , the display would periodically start to flash , for no apparent reason . This could go on for days , then stop . I 'd replace the batteries -LRB- as mentioned earlier , a big pain -RRB- , but it would not solve the problem . I tried re-setting the unit . It did not help . I tried calling Customer Service . They were of no help . They claimed they never heard of a problem like this . So this spring , rather than waster money on a new set of batteries , I threw it away . I would not buy another one .
 This item was defective right out of the box . Rain gauge counter can not be reset to zero - at least not be using the procedure outlined in the user instructions .
 Lasted only three months . Went through all the trouble shooting procedures but nothing . Inside display works fine but will not acquire a signal from the gauge . I have four weather station products , two LaCross , one Ambient , and this from Oregon . I think I 'll replace this with a more trusted brand .
 Outside temp reading sporadic at best . Rain sensor failed . Battery replacement difficult if not impossible . Collects typical insect debris causing possible failure . Cleaned outside unit , replaced batteries everywhere , does not work ... Not worth the trouble dealing with a replacement after reading some of the other reviews .
 Very difficult to put together due to the number of very small screws and very difficult to get a level rain receptable . I tried to use this product for a year and found out that it just did n't perform as the description indicated . I even installed a post in the garden to receive the rain gauge receptable . I ended up trashing the product . If you want a rain gauge , I suggest you install a simple , non techinal rain gauge .
 Firist one that we received the rain gauage and outside temperature never worked . Now we have the second one and the outside temperature does not work on it also . We purchased because my husband has had one for 3 years and it quit working and he really missed having it . Not a happy camper !!!
 Unit is junk . It worked about 11 months . It makes a great annual Christmas gift . It was less reliable than the LaCrosse unit it replaced that cost about 1/2 as much . -LRB- Also junk . -RRB- My suggestion
 Rain gauge appears to operate properly . Outside temperature does not display . Owners manual/instructions are terrible ; lacking in any details .
 Although the temperature gauge is still working after six months , the rain gauge portion quit working after a month and nothing I did could revive it . Setup was almost impossible to begin with , as synching the external rain gauge to the internal monitor was extremely problematic . After several tries I finally got a reading , but unfortunately , as I already stated , it had to be done more than once when the signal was lost , and after a month the unit quit allowing the monitor to synch altogether .
 With so many good reviews , I did not believe the bad ones . I have had it for a year and changed the batteries 3 times . The last time was a month ago , and I had to move the unit from 50 feet to 15 feet to get it to work . Now it is not working . I understand you have to change batteries . I put in the best I can find . This takes time to reset the unit , and the failure time is coming at shorter times . I am going back to the old way of checking rain . The unit has become cheaper for a reason .
 When this unit worked it was great . However , it only lasted for 10 months and stopped working . Kind of a high price for something to last less than a year .
 This unit is attractive and attractively priced , however my 2nd one just expired at the 7 month point . The 1st one only managed 6 months . The unit worked fine up until , although I 'm a little suspicious of the rainfall amount accuracy , and certainly was n't abused in the least . First the rainfall part stopped working and dis-assembly , cleaning , and battery replacement were to no avail . two weeks later the outdoor temp unit stopped working . I guess in this price range my expectations were a little high . This is the second Oregon Scientific product I 've bought and will be my last .
 Earlier today in North Texas we received some much needed rain . Anticipating the amount I went to my RGR 126 base unit to see how much . No reading . Evidently there was n't any signal being received from the rain gauge . I proceeded to take it apart and do all the reset thing like many of the other unhappy reviewers . I thought I was in business when I finally got a signal from both the thermometer and rain gauge . Thirty minutes later no signal from the rain gauge . I got this item as a Christmas present and it had worked for about 6 months . After messing most of the day with it , I decided to check reviews on this product . I see I am just one of many that have had problems with it . Hopefully I can purchase another type of unit that is more reliable and has better engineering for changing batteries . The multiple small screws on the rain gauge battery compartment are a pain to remove . I never received a low battery signal and had hoped that changing the batteries would solve my problems . Nope ! I used my multi tester to check the original batteries and they were fine . Buyer beware !!!!
 Unfortunately , we received one that gave the inside and outside temperature but would not register the rain fall . We were able to get a refund with no problem . Decided to try and find one locally .
 After carefully reading all the instructions and setting up this rain gauge my indoor temperature shows as 84.8 -LRB- correct temp is 76.0 -RRB- and the outdoor temperature is showing as 85.0 -LRB- correct outdoor temp is currently 95.2 -RRB- . Those temperatures are from a wireless temperature/weather station we have had for years that has always been very accurate . I bought this rain gauge for rain measurement not the temperature readings , however if the temperature is that far off how accurate will the rain gauge readings be ?!? By-the-way , the rain gauge is reading .08 and it has n't been outside yet - and it 's not raining -LRB- wish it would -RRB- . And yes , I have reset all the readings and no , the sensor did not just arrive and therefore has just not yet adjusted to the indoor temperature . The rain gauge package has been sitting on my counter for a couple of days , I 'm just now getting around to setting it up.Don ' t know if I should attempt to send it back or consider this purchase a total loss and never buy anything from Oregon Scientific again . I definitely should have paid attention to the multiple negative reviews . My advice would be save yourself the frustration , wasted time and wasted money . Nothing should be this defective immediately out of the box .
 I had this unit for almost 2 years . It worked wonderful , giving accurate readings . I noticed that it is calibrated for metric units and converts it to inches -LRB- therefore it measures in .04 inch increments -RRB- , but that 's not an issue . Two weeks ago the rain gauge stopped communicating with the receiver . I tried replacing batteries , resetting both the rain gauge and receiver , moved them next to each other , all with no success in getting a reading . I wrote to Oregon Scientific and have not heard back from them . It 's a convenient piece of equipment when it was working , but now I think I 'll look for another brand .
 My RGR-126 is very useful , when it works.Battery installation is unnecessarily tedious.Unfortunately all data is immediately lost when changing batteries.Just like other reviewers mentioned , the transmit/receive functions work sporadically . I thought it was batteries and tried alkaline/NiMH/Li types to no avail . OS also sells a line of professional weather stations , but they dropped the ball with this one . Pass this one and save your money . Better yet , save your sanity !!
 Worked great for a few months , then the rain guage slowly quit connecting with the base ... constantly had to push the search button . I 'm not sure why we even still have the thing other than I hate throwing that much money in the trash . The outside temp guage did not last long in the outdoors weather . It quit working all together after about 5 months . The rain guage ONLY works now when pushing the search button . I 'll be buying a new one for Christmas for my husband , but not from this company !
 I had bought this with the anticipation that i wont have to worry about going out and dumping the old tube-shaped rainguage , but have something that was suppose to be accurate to see in the comfort of my own home . Well it doesnt work and OS really wasnt any help either . If you want to know the temp , well indoors & out it works great ... accurate temp readings . If you want to know the rainfall buy a $ 2 rain-tube guage from your local dollar store .
 The instructions with this were the worst I have seen in years . The pieces difficult to pound into place and the illustrations made it impossible to know if you had the piece correctly placed until you added the last piece 45 minutes later . It was really frustrating to put together the first time - and then only to find out that it was put together incorrectly when pounding on the last piece . A great price - and look is good but the quality of product and the frustration in construction would have had me send it back if it was n't such a bulky item . Would not purchase again .
 For what I was after , this canopy does the trick at a reasonable price . But wait . There 's more.A few days after I got the Weekender Canopy , I asked a local sign company about applying graphics . It was recommended that I contact the manufacturer about the processes which may be used for application of graphics . There 's a toll-free number on the canopy 's tag . A good start . However , the rest of the story is a nightmare.Thirty-five minutes on hold to speak to a woman who says , `` The guy who knows about that wo n't be in until tomorrow . I can transfer you to his voice mail '' Then another ten minutes on hold followed by a dial tone . They hung up . Next day , forty-minutes on hold to speak to another woman who says , `` We apply graphics here , so we ca n't give you information on what works and what does n't . `` I shudder to think what will happen if anything goes wrong with my Weekender Canopy . Bottom line
 I ordered four of these and two came damaged . They were replaced & I did get double-billed but that was eventually resolved . They are put up fairly easily but do not seem to be well built . We used these tents for five straight days , taking them down each evening . One button that holds the canopy up is already broken , the frame seems to bend easily & made it hard to put them up if the frame pieces were bending the wrong way . One of the zippers on the storage bag broke & the wheels broke on another bag . They are ok for our use -LRB- five days each summer -RRB- but I would not consider them good quality or for regular use .
 I ordered this canopy as a gift and it arrived with a broken piece . We have called the manufacturer and waited on hold or been transferred and had our call dropped about 10 times in the last few months . We have still never been able to reach customer service . After having our call dropped while being transferred we thought we got smart and asked for the number directly , we were then promptly disconnected . I am sure it is a great product if it comes in working conditions , but do n't count on the manufacturer standing behind this product .
 Interesting how a product shown as circular can have the following dimensions
 These filters are NOT for the stainless steel composters . The marketing on Amazon is done poorly and does n't reflect the correct version of the composter . I was in contact with the seller about this issue . If you have to buy filters , buy them from Home Naturals . That company goes the extra mile for customer satisfaction and I would definately buy from Home Naturals again .
 Vendor sent wrong filter since the size is not shown when ordering.Needed filter 7.5 '' - 8 '' and received 5.5 '' Dia.Sent them an email to purchase the correct size , no answer.Probably will not reorder from this vendor
 If you purchased the 1.5 Gallon Stainless Steel Kitchen Composter form either `` Norpro '' or `` RSVP '' the proper replacement filters , for the best price are the 2-pak `` BigKitchen - Large 2 Gallon '' ASIN
 These filters are inexpensive but do not properly fit the Norpro compost keep I previously bought . The original filters are thick and round , fitting snugly into the lid , these are thin and small . They do an OK job of keeping the smell in the compost can but gnats and fruit flies have free reign and love breeding between the 2 filters . I would have reviewed sooner but I thought this was a fluke . However , recently I purchased more filters from a different vendor and they were also thin and small . Now I am not sure how to find the right sized filters .
 The companies that sell these filters need to note the diameter . The volume of the pail is not relevant because some pails are taller and some shorter so the diameter and a photo of the lid would sure make is easier for the consumer . I 've spent too much time searching and still am not certain which filter to buy for my compost pail . So far , only one company mentioned a diameter measurement , which was the wrong size for my pail .
 The filters appear to be fine , just too small for the counter composter I bought as a gift . It seems a hassle to have to return them for exchange .
 I bought these because I bought the stainless steel kitchen composter and these showed up with it as items `` bought with '' that kitchen composter and they 're too small !! What a rip off ! Amazon , get it right !
 This producted arrived in a ziplock baggie that anyone could by at walmart . NOT a professional product at all ! A small peel and stick label was on the baggie with the seller 's primative info.The product is not the size it stated and does not fit the Home Naturals Compost pail as it indicates that it should .
 The Norpro Compost Keeper Replacement Filters are not what I expected . They grow mold within a few days time . When I purchased the compost keeper the filters lasted approximatley six months .
 These do n't fit the Natural Home stainless steel compost bin for 29.99 that they are listed as `` frequently bought together '' on the page . They are therefore worthless to me , a waste of money , zero stars . Now to try to find ones that do fit ... wish dimensions were more readily available .
 This is the wrong size filter for the Natural Home Stainless Steel Compost Bin . I purchased them because they were linked via Amazon `` Frequently Bought Together '' items . The filters are 5.5 '' and you need the 7.5 '' filters . Very irritating that Amazon did this !
 I thought these would help with odor but found that they really do not . I also had a problem with little bugs around the composted . Long story short , unable to use inside the house .
 As picturesque backgrounds go , I guess it could be worse.A winter deer scene is fine or any other display as long as the outdoor thermometer works.Purchased from Amazon for $ 12 and promptly received.The temperature correlated with the indoor temps as noted on another thermometer and my thermostat for about three weeks.After mounting outside , the temperatures displayed on the item then slowly `` drifted '' lower than the actual temperatures . After a month of owning the item , the temperatures are now off by over 15 degrees.Unfortunately , Amazon has a very tight return window and once that magical date passes , the buzzer sounds and you are the eternal owner of their defective product.I am now staring at `` my winter deer scene '' on a steamy summer day while the broken thermometer displays temperatures from the middle of fall.Save your ten bucks and stay away from this item and consider other purchase options where you can actually return an item that no longer works .
 This &#34; kit &#34; is way overpriced or what you get - a few seeds , a tablespoon of dirt and a sheet of instructions . Very disappointing .
 The item really did not produce the multiple dots of bright color one expected from a crystal piece.Maybe only fully round ones do that ... this was more pear shape .
 I work in a small engine shop and see at least 3 Karcher Pressure washers -LRB- any model -RRB- come in everyday . The pumps all go on them and a replacement pump costs the consumer $ 700 . The ` warranty ' should cover the pump but since they 've had so many problems this season , they are no longer providing replacement pumps , instead putting dealers on lists for reconditioned pumps which will probably stop working in the next month or two - conveniently outside of the warranty dates . I would never buy this product and would not recommend it to another person .
 I purchased this product from Amazon , -LRB- side note this can not be returned to amazon if defective which Amazon should have as a check box waiver instead of fine print -RRB- . Easily assembled . Should have read the other reviews . It started perfectly . It also leaked oil . Two gaskets needed to be replaced . I took it to my mechanic and paid to have repaired as this would most likely cost $ 20-50 to ship return . I would not buy anything else from Karcher or Amazon . Buy local and you have person to deal with if it fails . I hope this is the only repair ... It was also backfiring and shutting off after about 20-30 minutes of run time .
 Karcher pressure washers have a common with sticking pump valves , especially the unloader valve . The brass parts that the valves are made from corode real fast . Most people start having problems after the first year of use because of the scale that is caused by city water . Karcher does not provide a manual for its pumps and does not have a tech help phone line . They force you to take the washer to an expensive repair station . -LSB- ... -RSB- If Karcher made these valves of better grade materials and lubricated them with waterproof lubricants , this would not be an issue .
 I had owned a power washer of the same rating as the Karcher G 3025 and find the Karcher to not have the same cleaning power as the one I had . I have been disappointed in the performance . I contacted Karcher customer support and they have been less than helpful and slow in responding . I would not recommend this product !
 When box arrived it looked like a disaster . I immediately took picture of damaged box . It looked like it was a used returned item that was shodily wrapped back up and tossed into box . There were some small parts missing , probably due to poor packaging and openings in box . I did not feel like going through the hassle of returning so I put it all together . I am kind of handy so I was able to find bolts , nuts and other fasteners to make things work . It is working but I was very nervous and upset for awile . I wish I would have just bought one at Sam 's or simaliar store . It was n't that much different .
 DO NOT BUY ANY KARCHER UNIT !!! THESE UNITS ARE POORLY MADE AND YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO CONTACT KARCHER DIRECTLY IF YOU HAVE A PROBLEM . THE SERVICE CENTERS CAN CHARGE YOU WHAT EVER THEY WANT ... EVEN IF THE UNIT IS UNDER WARRANTY . YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED !!!!!
 Piece of junk I called Honda World after reading about a gas additive to see if the had any just to make sure I did n't have any problem . The dealership side that sells presure washers said just get premium gas and I dont need an additive . Well it wont keep running and back fires . Now I 'm going to have to tear it apart to get the gas out of the carborator -LRB- I 'm hoping -RRB- . Since I need a special tool , since this is made to be very hard to work on , also there are extremely sharp parts where you have to put your hand which will slice you up . I live in Oregon and its been rainy so I didnt get a chance to check to see if it worked right away plus I needed to waite until I could buy gas right before i used it.WELL MAYBE THEY SHOULD SAY ADDITIVE IS REQIRED OR AT LEAST SEND SOME WITH PURCHASE WITH AN WEB SITE TO BUY IT . Worst purchase I have ever made form the internet NO MORE HONDA FOR ME WHICH I USED TO SWEAR BY !!!!!
 I used this once today & am returning it to the store tomorrow . The pressure when using all but the smallest nozzle is weak and not much better than my electric Karcher 1700 psi . Additionally , the spray tips exude uneven spray patterns . I am very disappointed .
 Let me start by saying that this is the only mower I have ever owned . It has `` faithfully '' served me for the past year and a half . So for me to be rating it this low show tell you something . Now I 'm still a little new to this lawn care business , but I 'm pretty sure I should n't have to restart my mower 50 times just to finish my 1/3 acre yard.This mower will choke on anything , in any configuration - with the mulch bag , without the mulch bag , and even with the mulch discharge door held open -LRB- in what I call Death Mode - in that any rocks or hard objects it picks up will quickly lodge itself within your solar plexus -RRB- . The bag is mounted such that the mulch fills about a third of it and starts to clump , jamming the blade and stalling the motor . Then of course you 'd have to kick it over to loosen the molten core of grass clippings . But here 's where it gets exciting . You 're really on the clock here because the mower is SPILLING GAS ONTO THE GROUND !! That sizzling sound and burning smell means that wherever you decided to begin the delicate operation of kicking the mower blade until it is free , you wo n't have grass there much longer ! Okay , mower 's starting again . You 'll make it maybe another 20 feet before you have to do it all over.The package -LRB- and product -RRB- promises a one-pull start . Coming out of the box this was not a problem . A month into use however , and I found that this was no longer the case . I must say though , my right arm has gotten much more powerful as a result of constantly restarting this mower.There 's a big label on the box that says ` Proudly Made in Canada ' . Now I have nothing against Canada - in fact whenever some makes fun of Canada I jump in to argue for our friends to the North . But really Canada , if you ca n't make a machine whose sole purpose is to spin a giant metal blade in circles continuously , I think it 's all over ...
 Bought two boxes of this product and used as directed for a month and a half.Moles did not care much for it.Last few weeks repellent was applied twice a week but it made no difference .
 It 's possible that it may be my fault - I may have misidentified the kind of ants I have . But they will gather around it for a moment , and then march right past it without ever paying it attention again . So I can not recommend this product , as it has not worked for me .
 The ants are very attracted to the goo , and they do go away for maybe a day . However , they keep coming back and they come back with more numbers !! The ants eat this stuff very quickly and I did reapply the goo after they seemed to have eaten most of it , but no bottom line is that this product did not do its job getting rid of the ants . They just kept coming back .
 This stuff does attract the ants and they swarm over it but it seems to work for a day then they day after the ants come back twice as bad . I have been using the stuff for about 2 weeks now and the ants are still coming .
 I would give zero stars if I could . The ants march happily around this product - avoiding it completely - and continue to swarm . Someone else suggested that the manufacturer may have recently changed the formula since the product appears to have been very effective in the past . In any case , as others have recently stated , this product simply does not work at all . Do n't waste your money .
 Ants came and liked this product and came back for more and one week gone and still keep on coming back for more . Need to find another product .
 This product must be delicious for ants cause they love it , but it does nothing to them , or at least I did not notice any dead ants close by .
 I tried two tubes of this stuff and it simply did n't work . Some ants ate the bait but they kept returning . Sometimes ants did n't even eat the bait and I noticed the bait still there after 5 days when it was all dried out . I even placed this stuff on top of the ant mounds outside and they were still thriving days later . I guess it depends on the species ? I bought this other stuff called Talstar and it completely wiped them out .
 Terro has been my ant killer of choice for jeez , almost 10 years now . I tried it side by side against Combat in the new house and Terro -LRB- liquid bait -RRB- hands down wins . The ants were walking over the combat gel and licking their Terro death traps clean before they started to eat the gel . If those small house ants are your problem go with Terro.Terro Liquid Ant Bait
 Well we listened to all the reviews on Amazon and thought this would be one of the best products we could find to kill this horde of ants we have been inundated with . This could n't be farther from the truth ! We started by placing the globules around in areas where we have these little black ant armies , and at first they gobbled it up , and it really looked like the problem would be taken care of . The ants died and we concluded they must have taken the toxin back to the hive and thus will kill off the rest as the information states ... But then the next day and every day after , hordes of ants continue to permeate our home and surrounding deck . We have no choice but to conclude that this supposed , `` ant killing gel '' is n't all it is made out to being , and quite honestly , a can of Raid at half the price would have done the same job.As the ants continue to haunt us , I would in no way advise anyone to waste their money on this product .
 I have an ant problem in my kitchen right next to my sink . I left some food out to attract the ants out , then put down the gel . No ants went for the gel . I tried later by just putting out the gel with no food . No matter how I tried , the ants did n't touch the gel . I even tried the gel outside , hoping to see it work in action . No ants . At least for me this product did n't work at all .
 We have thousands of little black ants in our yard . A couple weeks ago , they started coming into the house , so I ordered some of the Combat Ant Killing Gel , along with the 6 Terro-PCO Liquid Ant Bait Stations to try to wipe out the colony . I put the gel and bait stations along various lines of ants in the yard . They did kill some of the ants that contacted the gel or bait stations , but had no effect on the colony . A week and a half later , we still have a million ants in the yard .
 The product does get the ants out the points where it 's applied but the problem is that is not a real gel that sticks to the surface - it drips like any other solution . Odor is also strong .
 wow , this stuff is a ripoff , it give you about 6 spots of stuff and thats it . 27 grams is 6 spots of stuff that hardly works . you 'd kill more ants if you purchased the spray at your local outlet . luckily , i didnt lose much money .
 The poison seems to work for awhile but the ants always come back . If their ingress point is completely filled with the poison it works somewhat better . If they have a wide point of entry they just go around the stuff .
 We have battled ants for a year and I tried all the natural remedies first . I had high hopes that my first try with actual poison would kill our ants , but this did n't even slow them down . The plunger is kind of touchy , so I ended up with blobs of gel all over instead of a nice line . The extra gel dripped out of the plunger while I was moving around , which made me paranoid that my crawling baby and cats would find some on the floor . All of that would have been fine if it killed the ants , but it did n't . I used three kits over two weeks with no results . We moved on to the borax powder barriers and have found those to be much more effective .
 Maybe there are just too many ants here . I 'm going to try it again . The ants did eat the gel I put out , but there is stil an ant problem . May have to call an exterminator soon .
 The best thing about my experience with this ant gel was the fast shipping and overall good job done by the place we bought this stuff from on Amazon.I bought the Combat ant gel because my cousin told me it worked great for her . Unfortunately I do n't have the same testimony . Some ants ate it , most did n't . A month after eating they were still feasting on the stuff . I 'm sure it got rid of some but I was n't impressed . I went to Walgreens down the street from my house and purchased Terro liquid gel . The stuff is like an ant magnet . They swarmed to the stuff and in ONE DAY I began to see a huge reduction in traffic . One month in , I have n't seen ants where I 've placed the Terro liquid . When I see activity in a different part of the house I put some down there and get the same results . The stuff cost $ 3.50 .
 I had a parade of ants traveling around the outside of my house , constantly . I laid down a good quantity of this stuff , across the path AND along it . The ants took no notice , either walking around it or through it . I never wiped it off , but it did nothing.I called Combat customer support and described my situation . The guy instantly started to look for ways to deny their `` guaranteed to work '' promise . When I said I left it on the house for a week and a half , he claimed that I had used the product `` incorrectly '' and said it would 've killed the nest if I 'd left it for 20 days !!! I was irate . These guys make an inferior product and they insult you to boot .
 We had a sever ant infestation in our kitchen - during making sweet pickles of all things . Anyway , I bought this product along with several others which gave me a good chance to test various products . This product did n't attract the ants very well compared to other products . Also , it became useless after it dried which took only a few hours . In side by side comparisons with this product -LRB- Combat Ant Killing Gel -RRB- , Raid 's Ant Gel , Terro Liquid Ant Killer and a few others the Terro product attracted more ants and lasted much longer . FYI , I am a consumer and am not associated with any of these manufacturers or retailers that sell products .
 Maybe my little red ants are immune to it cause they are aliove and well . On the other hand , 2 other poisons are n't working either . I tried some clear liquid first . They drank that like soda . Some live in the clear plastic housing . Then tried this on . Ant go over to it an just walk away . Not interested . Put down another type of ant trap . The ants in my kitchen are gone . But the ones by my front doo are looking healthier thatn ever . I 'll have to pay an exterminator if this keeps up . Insane !
 I had a major ant problem in the kitchen area.After reading most of the nice reviews on this product , I thought I would give it a try.Now this is just the results I had.NO RESULTS.In fact the ants just went around the bait.It killed NO ants at all.And I put it every where I saw them.For me it was a waste of money and time.I live in florida so maybe its the type of ant I have that this stuff does nothing for , who knows.Looks like I might have to spend even more money and bring in a expert pest control company .
 The applicator came with the gel is a problem . One push will empty almost 1/3 of the gel . I only pushed 3-4 times , then the tube became empty . I only applied the gel on the kitchen counter . Then there was nothing left for my bathroom . I do n't know if the gel will kill ants . It looks like I have to buy more ants killer , if I want my bathroom and other rooms to be treated . Not sure if the applicator is a trap by manufacture who certainly would like you to buy more .
 Product lasts about 5 seconds . I do n't know if it kills ants but seems a waste of money for the amount of gel provided .
 The product shown is not the product Amazon is sending out . I have been using this product for years , with no issues . It is the best product I have ever used . Unfortunately , they have not only changed the packaging , but the product must have been changed . I have some of the old stuff and tested them side by side . The old stuff works like a charm ; the new stuff they do n't even touch . I do n't know if this is the case with all species of ants , but be wary .
 Very unhappy with this product . leaves a hard brown trail wherever i put it . plus ineffective . just spray with . Raid ant and roach killer . Sprayed and they never came back.Sorry , i can not recommend this gel .
 Even after using the entire tube , I still had a plague of ants . What bothered me was that only the first few that crawled over/ate the poison , died . It seemed that after quite a short period of time , it became ineffective .
 Most ants walked stright past the sample . Like another customer voiced , this stuff is not effective . I expect the earlier product was good which supports all the positive reviews . But more recently , they must have switched to an inferior goo mix , as the picture does not match the product they sent .
 I found that the dose recommended on bottlle -LRB- 4 oz . / 10,000 gallons in a pool -RRB- had zero effect on the pH in our pool . I had to put in 4 Xs as much to lower the pH significantly . So I 'll go back to buying muriatic acid from our local pool supply store .
 These tool are only good if you happened to have been shrunk down by some sort of evil witch . So , if by chance you have been reduced to a 2 foot high person with hands the size of grapes , and love to garden , these are the tools for you . Otherwise look for another set .
 This was TINY and not at all what I 'd envisioned from the photo.I know it 's an indoor garden tool set , but it 's so small and a bitimpractical . I would n't recommend it . In the future , I 'll buy somethinglike this from a local store , so that I can actually see what I 'm getting .
 We received the grill and it looks great . However , a lot of heat escapes and it is very difficult to control the cooking speed/heat . It is nearly impossible to restrict the airflow.We would not purchase this item again .
 the first day that i used this my -LRB- and my wife 's -RRB- palms became bruised since this thing is like the end of a broom , with no cushioning and a small surface area . the yellow part fell off -LRB- which makes the whole thing unusable -RRB- but thankfully it pops back in , as it is held by a bent portion of the metal . then i was weeding yesterday and the thing bent , or well . got a four dollar fiskers at wally world and it is built about 20x better at less than half the cost .
 I bought the Heatwave as an early Fathers Day gift . I was embarrassed when my father opened the gift and it was dented , scratched and had rust to some degree on every single piece . The package arrived in decent shape so that lead me to believe that the fireplace took all that damage before it shipped and must have also been given a salt bath to give it that nice rusty patina . I tried calling customer service and contacting them online ... a response was not given until nearly 3 weeks later and was not helpful.My purchase of the Landmann Heatwave is probably the worst shopping experience I 've ever had online and off . Between Landmann 's poor quality assurance and customer support I will not be purchasing one of their products again .
 The wheel was broke and I called for a replacement but never got a call back ... Very poor service .
 I saw one of these fireplaces at Menards last summer and was amazed how thin the metal was . Go with the weber . Much better materials .
 Amazon is just wonderful about getting products delivered in a very timely fashion . This outdoor fireplace arrived exactly when promised , Thank You !!! However , I am very dissappointed with the lack of quality of the wheels . There is alot to assemble , and along the way I saw that one of wheels was crushed in shipping . The fact that it broke in shipment told me immediately that with regular use these extremely cheap brittle plastic wheels will not hold up . I called the manufacturer and they were very quick to volunteer to send me another one free . I said `` it wo n't be the same exact kind will it ? '' and they said `` Yes it will be '' . I asked if we could upgrade to a more durable wheel , to which they said `` No . Stunned I said `` okay '' thinking to myself `` if this got broke in shipment , how long is it going to last with use ? '' I 've decided to keep this product since I already have it assembled , but I will probably regret keeping it because without the wheels it will be un-usable since it will tilt to the front and be unsafe to burn . I will try to find some rubber wheels somewhere to replace these cheap ones . Otherwise , the product is well-built , I like the safe burning designed screen panels and heat output is great ... UPDATEJust received requested replacement wheel along with a second one , these replacement wheels are made very well , and so I am extremely happy with this product now .
 Not all of the parts were in the box when we received it . I ended up spending about 30 minutes in Home Depot looking for bolts to put it together . Some of the parts where not the right size and would not hold it together . Again , Home Depot.It did work well , but they need to do some quality control checks .
 Parts are cheap and came dented and scratched , lid fell off and the handled bent . Would go with a different brand next time . Tedious to put together .
 The fireplace was just the right size and easy enough to put together . The only problem was the grill grate . The chrome coating was peeling off to expose rusty metal underneath . I was very disappointed with this purchase .
 I was fuelled to think that all made by Wolf Garten is good . This rake does not grab leaves and space between spikes quite wide . It is useless in my backyard .
 I loved this fabric initially . However after one summer , this particular fabric -LRB- tan colored -RRB- starts to flake and these flakes land in your hair and your food and drink . They are all over the place . I have n't noticed this with any other color , just tan . I am going to bite the bullet and try the green or blue color and hope it does n't flake . So gross . I live in the hottest desert in Arizona so that may also have a factor .
 HELP JUST RECEIVED PACKAGE AND IT IS 3 ' wide and not 6 ' . WHATS THE DEAL ? AM I READING THIS WRONG ? ANY ADVISE ?
 My opinion Customer Service is terrible parts were missing that are needed , when I called I was told to go to June Fabrics for the parts !!! simply amazing
 Be warned that although they call it a fabric it is actually really pretty wide mesh , that may block sun but that is all .
 I tried to save money by making my own 8 ' shades . Bought the Coolaroo clips and attached them to a strong wire my husband put up . They will not hang straight , -LRB- Probably because the fabric 's bias is off -RRB- . The edges are in a constant curl . I bought more clips , added them to the sides and tied them to the post . In between the clips the edges still curl . UGH ! I gave two stars because the Coolaroo does make the porch cooler . If you plan on tacking the fabric down permanently and pull it tight you should be ok .
 Initially I was delighted with this clock which looked great on the patio wall , but then I realised that it was virtually impossible to tell the position of any hands except the second one which was red
 This product arrived broken . It appeared to be made of weak material and would not last along outside . The clock did not match the picture and had temperature in F.
 The half-moon edger is little more than a straight garden spade . A spade , at least , could also be used to dig a hole and plant a bush . This tool has one purpose , and as a uni-tasker , does the same job as a garden shovel would do as an edger.Perhaps I 'm using it incorrectly , but over the years , I 've edged with a knife , hand rotary edger , electric edger , weed-whacker , shovel , and even have used an ice-breaking tool . The half-moon edger does the same job the ice-breaker did . It 's a lot of work , and the results are erratic .
 SOME WOLF GARTEN ITEMS ARE JUST NOT GOOD . THIS ONE USES VERY SOFT AND WEAK STEEL.THAT MEANS IT BENDS EASILY . THEY ARE NOT KEEN TO REPLACE IT EITHER.LOOK AT OTHERS OR HAVE ONE MADE LOCALLY .
 This works well fairly well but it does put alot of strain on my neck , arms and shoulders to use it . As I have back and neck issues it will likely go on a back hook to be ignored .
 I bought this tool mainly because of the great reviews , but have been very disappointed with it . I 've tried the push pull weeder on dry soil , wet soil , hard soil and soft soil , but have never been able remove more than the top leaves of a weed . It does nothing for any weed with anything more than a shallow root . Either I 'm using it wrong or it 's only useful for newly sprouted weeds .
 I think this looks like it could be a good product , but it came without a handle so I have n't been able to use it yet . I guess I did n't read all of the details , but one of the pictures under the big picture showed a long handle and I assumed it would have a handle . I will order a handle even though I am bothered to have to spend more money , but I would like to try the product . If you order do n't forget a handle .
 First of all , I will admit that this is my very first firepit , so keep that in mind when considering my review . I decided to purchase this product for several reasons
 First of all , I will admit that this is my very first firepit , so keep that in mind when considering my review . I decided to purchase this product for several reasons
 I own a number of B&D ; 's 18V tools - this is the first one I am disappointed with . It is probably going back to Amazon.The tool is underpowered even with a fully charged battery . It wo n't even turn in a bucket of water after a few minutes of use . I 've tried it with seven different battery packs -LRB- including two fully charged `` extreme '' packs -RRB- all giving the same result.Nice idea by B&D ; but poor execution .
 I have three issues with this product
 I purchased this to clean my wood deck and it did not work for that purpose at all ; it did not have enough power to get the deck clean . I was completely disappointed that it did not work for this.I then used it for cleaning my cars and it worked well . However I have a compact car and a `` small '' SUV so it is not really necessary to use this . The amount of time I save using this to clean my car is used getting the item out of the garage , putting it together , and then putting it away . Therefore I find I never use it.I was going to try using it for cleaning the high vaulted ceiling windows in my house but probably wo n't because I have a `` squeegie '' / duster on a long pole that will probably work just as well with less hassle.I had an Amazon gift certificate so only paid half the listed price but I still regret purchasing it .
 Poorly engineeredAdjustable head will not stay locked in placeDont do it !
 This item came with no invoice or return instructions . It does n't work nearly as good as a hand brush on a pole . It lacks power , is awkward , out of balance with the reach extender attached and the head does n't swivel when you want it to . Also , what ticks me off is that I paid $ 109.00 plus $ 35.00 shipping for it . Later I found the same item at Menards for only $ 29.95 . I could n't beleive my eyes so I ask the manager if they had it priced right , he said it was . If I did n't have to pay shipping both ways and if I knew where to send it , I would return it . I guess the seller knows what their doing . I got screwed and I wo n't forget .
 This unit is okay but beware the brush head pivots and strips out very easily . The brush head pivots so you can adjust the angle at which to use it . After 3 uses the locking mechanism stipped out , and now the head does not lock in very securly - causing it to move around while using .
 product is very cumbersom . could use a liquid soap dispenser . it is very difficult when you have to keep dunking it in a bucket of soap and water . could also use a a hose attachment . Television advertisement makes it look a lot easier to use than it is .
 I purchased the Black & Decker NPS1018 18-Volt Cordless Electric Power Scrubber a few months ago after i got it i charged it up and then i washed my truck only to get frustrated that the head would not stay locked . I was so frustrated with it . I tried to see if something was missing but its the way it was poorly designed . Seems that black & Decker knew it but did nothing to fix the problem before dropping this off to the consumer . This is the first and last Black & Decker product i will by . For anyone looking to buy this i would not waste your money .
 NPS 1018 Discontinued by Black & Decker . They have completly stopped making spare parts . Great service .
 It is not easy to use and does not do a very good job . It sits unused in the garage .
 This ` suitcase ' grill is only a few inches deep , gets the flame blown out constantly , and quickly will catch on fire if you have any significant grease buildup , BEWARE ! I got this second hand off eBay , for $ 250.00 I would suggest getting the the Freedom Grill -LRB- www.freedomgrill.com -RRB- or the Tailgator Grill -LRB- www.gatorpit.net -RRB- , both of these are true grills that are hitch mounted . Blue Ridge Mtn . Cookery -LRB- http://www.classiccookers.com -RRB- has some nice commercial catering equipment , but there was definately no planning involved in this design . The only thing I could easily cook was a few hot dogs without the thing getting full of grease and catching fire .
 THESE HANDLES WILL BREAK AT THE BUTTON AFTER 3-4 SEASONS . METAL FATIGUE AND A DESIGN FLAW.SQUARE HOLES IN METAL DEVELOP CRACKS AT THE CORNERS . ALWAYS HAVE AND ALWAYS WILL . It 's why they are NOT used on ships and airplanes.SOME OF THE WOLF GARTEN HEADS ARE GOOD THOUGH . THE HOES AND THE RAKE . THE THREE TINE CULTIVATOR.SOME OF THE ATTACHMENTS YOU 'LL BUY AND NEVER USE.GET THE AFORE MENTIONED HEADS AND MAKE SOME HANDLES FOR THEM . A FEW MINUTES AT YOUR WORK BENCHWITH SOME HAND TOOLS AND SOME EMT STEEL CONDUIT AND VIOLA ! HANDLES.BUYER BEWARE .
 My wife ordered this as a part of a Father 's Day gift for me . I recently retired and have chosen gardening as on of my hobbies . She ordered the handle and a cultivator to attach to the handle . The handle came within a couple of weeks and still we waited another couple of weeks for the cultivator . We kept checking our order and it said not shipped yet . I think it was a week before Father 's day when we got an e-mail saying it was no longer available . How nice , I have this very nice but useless handle . I could get a different tool for the end of it but at the time and still now I want the cultivator . So yes I have a very nice handle with nothing attached to the end . I am not happy having this stick .
 Great - I got a pole . The actual rake - ordered at the same time is now backordered until the end of Nov or early Dec -LRB- it supposedly was available at time of order -RRB- . This is a seasonal item . I 'll have a great time doing leaves with the pole !
 I was expecting this purchase to include the broom stick but it is only the brush . If there is a brush and stick combo I will consider purchasing .
 If you need a broom this is n't it . It 's just a broom head . Decription never states there is no handle included very deceptive listing .
 Well , I guess I will never know . Ordered the wooden handle so that I could easily cut it to a shorter length since that seems to be the only option to get a normally sized handle from Wolf-Garten . Cut the aluminum handle down with much more effort . Not happy .
 This saw works very well on its first use BUT even though it looks like stainless steel it is n't . It is labeled Sweedish steel and it rusts like the very devil.When I went to use it the second time , it was so badly rusted as to be nearly useless .
 What a rip off !!! You can buy this unit from Oregon Scientific direct for $ 30.00 on sale . Normal list is $ 45.00 .
 I bought a similar the model to this one from a big box store -LRB- mine had wheels -RRB- . After about five hours of use the gaskets in the pump blew out . Luckily it was still under warranty -LRB- barely -RRB- , but I expect the replacement will last about as long . If I had known I would only get 10hrs of use out the piece of junk I would never I purchased it , but would have rented a professional one from time to time . Do n't throw your money away on this one .
 Once upon a time there was a simple homeowner 's dilemma . Hire out or power wash the fence herself ? says she ... `` I will be darned if I pay $ 300 for someone to power wash my fence ! I can do it ALL BY MYSELF ! `` She paid $ 60 for a ` remanufactured ' -LRB- read
 I bought this squirrel feeder in fall of 2005 , and greatly enjoyed watching the squirrels ' antics the first winter . Little ones would sit inside to feast , popping up like a jack-in-the-box , while larger ones would lift the lid , reach in with the lid resting on their backs while they grabbed a piece of peanut , then lean back and let the lid drop while they ate , then repeat this many times.The following winter , I started noticing that some of the squirrels had bald spots , and they looked worse with each passing day . I feared there was some sort of mange going around . Then I realized that none of the smaller squirrels were effected , just the big ones.And then I realized that the bald spots were precisely where the lip of the lid would be scraping against their backs as they pulled away from the box . I went out and felt the bottom edge of the lid , which was sharp as a razor , and which has been dragging across their backs as they pull themselves out of the box.The box is coated with an enamel paint , and over the course of last winter , the squirrels ' bodies must have rubbed that off , exposing the raw edge . I suppose I could put duct tape or something along the edge to dull it but I do n't want to take the chance at this point and frankly , I no longer enjoy watching them at this feeder knowing it has harmed them.A box feeder is fun to watch , but I recommend you avoid any type which has an overhanging lip on the lid as this one does . I have seen others which have a flat lid , and though it 's more easily destroyed , wood would probably be less hazardous than metal .
 The first thing I noticed when removing the feeder from the box was how thin and weak the metal was , the squirrels bent it back and forth as they entered and exited the feeder.In less than six weeks the plastic in the feeder was broken into three pieces by the squirrels.I certainly can not recommend this feeder to anyone .
 This product does n't work at all . It 's suppose to deter birds looks like more nested in the bushes and trees of my property .
 We hoped it would help keep House Sparrows away from our patio and chicken coop , in conjunction with several other bird scare products , however they were not afraid of it at all !
 it is too narrow to do the job , i realy need 3 inch mylar roll . the 7/16 mylar tape is just too narrow and will not keep away the nasty woodpeckers
 I never had bird problems before i bought the tape but got it for my garden just for prevention of bird problems ... Now that the crows can see the flashing caused by the tape they come for miles to visit our garden ... the crows must know this is a garden when they see the flashing ... jimmy
 Put this tape in various areas where a woodpecker was drilling holes in our siding . The next day he was back and drilled a hole right next to the rows of dangling tape . Could n't be less satisfied !
 This product does not work even half as good as some of the other products I 've used in the past . Would recommend just using gel or powder products .
 I 'm very dissappointed that the angled wand does not fit onto the 4 piece extension . It makes it usless when cleaning siding above the first floor . Its listed as often being purchased along with the 4 piece extension which is very misleading . I 'm dissappointed with Amazon for that .
 This 50 ' sprinkler hose only disperses water for 40 ' of length , the laser precision holes are spaced far apart -LRB- 8 '' -RRB- and you can not attach another hose to it -LRB- has a dead end vs connecter -RRB- ...
 This item does not last long . A tear formed in it after 3.5 weeks of use . In addition , you can not connect another hose to it since the end is capped off permanently . Save your money , there are better products out there !
 I wonder if the reason the manufacturer discontinued making this hose is because it does an awful job of watering an area that you wish to cover . The hose does n't lie flat easily and does n't allow water to flow through it with any force . Compared to another hose from a different company , which sprays about 5 feet high , this hose 's spray is scarcely a foot or two high .
 This thing is horrible . The pieces are ill fitting and difficult to maneuver during smoking . It was impossible to get the smoker up to 200 degrees . Everything we tried had to finish cooking in the oven back at the house . The instructions were vague and I was ignored by GrillPro when I contacted them for help with technical difficulties . This particular smoker is not even mentioned on their website . I thought that purchasing a cheaper smoker would give me something to practice on , but found that the frustration was not worth it . I will save my money and purchase a quality smoker .
 If you 're at all interested in a smoker , do not buy this model , even as a `` starter '' or introduction to smoking . You will not only regret it , you wo n't be able to re-sell it.Why ? 1 . No air flow to charcoal - your fire is smothered before you even start .2 . Very poor heat retention.Those two things may not seem like much , but they make ALL the difference.BUT ... If you do buy it , here 's how you can at least vaguely salvage it .1 . Using a power drill with a 1/2 '' bit , drill about a dozen holes in the bottom of one of the pans . This becomes your charcoal pan -LRB- if you use it as your water pan , you 're beyond any help I can give you -RRB- .2 . Do n't bother trying to develop a system to cover any of those holes to control air flow - you 'll need them all open , all the time .3 . Go to your local hardware/kitchen store , and buy a grill that 's about 12 '' or so , ideally one that 's cross-hatched . Use this in place of the charcoal grill it comes with . It should leave about an inch or two of space between your charcoal and the base of the pan . Yes , the charcoal will be raised quite a bit vs. the grill it comes with - ca n't be helped .4 . Use only lump charcoal .5 . Use a chimney to light the charcoal , and really wait 15 minutes like you 're supposed to .6 . Use the Minion Method -LRB- layer unlit charcoal on the bottom , and add hot charcoal on top -RRB- .7 . If you 're near the bottom of the charcoal bag , save those coals -LRB- the smaller ones that fall to the bottom -RRB- for the chimney - only use charcoal from the top 2/3 of the bag as your unlit layer . The bottom 1/3 will choke the air flow when used as the bottom layer .8 . Use only boiling water in the water pan .9 . Do not even bother with the thermometer built into the lid - it wo n't go past 150 even on a good day . Buy a remote thermometer like the Maverick ET-732 to monitor meat and air temperature .10 . Layer wood chips or chunks in the unlit layer of charcoal before lighting , add chips on top of the lit ones at the very start , and then do n't open the little door again .11 . Keep the top vent half open .12 . DO NOT SHAKE OR TRY TO MOVE THE UNIT . The water pan will come dislodged and flood the charcoal pan.If you do all this , you should get a temperature of about 200-225 degrees consistently for about 6-7 hours . The air temperature will spike at one point - it means your water pan has run dry . Refill it with hot water . Whatever you 're cooking , it 's likely you 'll have to finish it in the oven.It 's ONLY because I was able to salvage my unit in this way and actually get a decent meal from it that it gets 2 stars instead of 1 . But I knew and accepted the risks going into it , and regretted the purchase . After 5 or 6 uses , I bought an 18.5 '' Weber Smokey Mountain , which will also retain considerable resale value if I decide I do n't want it , whereas the GrillPro smoker is n't worth my time to even try to give away.Buy a 18.5 Weber Smokey Mountain instead .
 I suppose you could try the other reviewers modifications ... otherwise good luck trying to get this thing to get to/maintain anything near a 200 + degree temp . Bad airflow design I guess . Flimsy design also makes this not only a bad choice to cook with , but unless you 're careful , potentially dangerous , as the various trays can easily slip off their hooks . I do n't believe the company even supports/manuf . this product anymore ... understandable .
 This Gilmour soaker hose works reasonably well , as long as it works . The first one I bought was poorly made , and the hose fell out of the crimped hose-end connector before I even used it . The replacement hose works reasonably well , but there are several holes from which water shoots out , and the holes are getting worse as the water cuts the holes bigger -LRB- over just 3-4 weeks of use -RRB- . I expect it will go in the trash within another few weeks .
 This worked well for about a week . After that it sprouted several `` leaks '' over the length of the hose . It no longer `` weeps '' over the full length of the hose . It only sprays from about 4 holes . Worthless item . Freight charges too high to send it back or I would .
 this soaker hose is terrible . the second time I used it , it kinked as hoses do . Except this hose tore right in to two pieces before I could unkink it . I have had a different brand soaker hose for 15 years and it never has done this . This is a cheaply made product . I recommend it to no one . I want my money back from Amazon .
 Pretty much what my title says . This product is cheap and it is made that way also . I purchased two of these and one works well enough . It does weep more than what my others do but it will do . The other one though broke in half . My next purchase for a soaker hose will not be this brand .
 When I ordered this hose the picture of the item had `` Made in USA '' on it . When I recived the hose I saw that is in fact made in China . The couplings are silver colored and not brass . There is n't any pressure regulation system . They are not made of vinyl but of recycle tire rubber as far as I can tell just as the Swan and Apex soaker hoses are . Gilmour has outsourced most of its current line of products to China and the pictures on Amazon are out of date and misleading . For instance the small brass hose nozzle has the `` Made in USA '' on the label in the picture but the current ones are in fact made in China and do not function as well . They do not have a tight jet stream . So beware of any product bearing the Gilmour name as your getting a Chinese knock off at a premium price .
 I ordered 2 of these Gilmour Water Weeper Hoses 5/8 '' x 50 ' # 27-58050 from Amazon . As soon as the wife and I tried to unwind these hoses around are house and in the flower beds they broke in two . We took are time carefully unwinding the hoses first , and then stringing them into position . Nope not in one spot in multiple spots , had to purchase some splicer pieces from hardware to repair them . I went to Walmart the next day and bought 4 new hoses for $ 8.00 each , and they worked great . I am about done buying off of the internet , everyone seems to want to sell junk and not provide any customer service .
 I bought 2 of these hoses and both slit wide open with in a week . I regulators on the hose so it was not out side of pressure limits
 I bought two 50 ft 5/8 '' Gilmour soaker hoses at Home Depot . I needed two 25 ft. lengths to make a complete circle around my house . -LRB- I had hooked up the 50 footers to two different spikets and came up short at both ends , which is why I needed two shorter hoses rather than one more long one . -RRB- HD did n't carry the 25 ft. hoses , so I bought them from Amazon . The hose material is very different than the 50 ft. hoses . The water oozes out at a MUCH faster rate . So if you link a 50 footer with a 25 footer , you will have a swamp around the latter by the time enough water is released from the former . Since the hoses were so inexpensive , it does n't make economic sense to ship them back . I will put them around some bushes and wo n't link them to the 50 foot hoses . In the meantime , I bought another 50 footer , which creates some overlap , but at this point , I do n't care.By the way , the two 50 ft. hoses that I bought work well . They release a slow steady ` sweat ' of water . However , the third one that I bought seems to be full of pin holes and the water shoots out creating pools of water . That is a complaint I read previously about Gilmour soaker hoses . I will return that one today and swap it out for another.I hope this helps everyone out , especially anyone else dealing with the drought in Texas or elsewhere !
 I expected this to flow much more water as it is larger . Not so . I also did not expect it to kink as much . Gads , it kinks like crazy . I can not recommend this hose . Being larger in diameter I did think I would be more difficult wind up but it is . Ca n't tell ya how disappointed I am in this hose . I can not recommend it . I would recommend a smaller diameter hose and get a stronger flow and more powerfull flow ... which makes sense , smaller opening makes a stronger flow . This darn thing kinks like crazy , much , much more than my 75 foot hose . Do n't waste your money .
 This hose does not do what it specifically advertises - be flexible . I initially unrolled the hose to find it had 5 permanent kinks . The kinks get caught on things and as I unroll the hose it kinks and shuts off the water . This is the worst hose I have ever owned . I returned it and got another and the same thing happened . I even left the hose stretched-out in the sun to see if that would fix the kinks - it did n't . Dont buy this hose , they are lying - it is n't flexible at all !
 I loved this hose when I got it about a month ago . However now it started to leak where the brass nut is connected to the hose I do n't know why it started to leak . After spending $ 63.00 on this hose I thought it would last longer VERY VERY disappointed . Where it leaks is part of the hose not something that was placed on it .
 I received a defective unit from Amazon . I was really disappointed given everyone 's great ratings . When I connected my unit to the spigot , it had a slow drip -LRB- one drop every few seconds -RRB- so that I could not leave this always turned on . I tighten the hose with a wrench and had no success . I also tried Teflon tape and pipe thread compound with no success . I even tried using two other gaskets but the leak continued . I tried connecting it to another spigot and had the same problem . After careful observation , the leak does not appear to be coming from the gasket but is coming up from the metal piece that is clamped on the hose indicating a pin hole breach somewhere in the metal . I spent several hours trying without success . Since I need a good hose now , I am not going to cut off the ends to send to Gilmour and have to wait for a new hose . The worst part is packing it up to send back to Amazon because I had to blow the water out of the hose before shipping it . This hose was a huge disappointment . I ended up buying a 5/8 hose from a big box retailer which worked fine .
 I am the owner of a pressure washing company so I am very familiar with hoses . I was seeking a hose for my home that was lighter than professional grade supply hoses as well as being more economical since it would not see heavy use.My concerns with the hose : &#8226; It leaks at the coupling . After applying plumbers tape to the faucet and replacing the O-ring gasket with a better one , I was able to stop 90 % of the leaking . There is still a slow drip , even after that effort and added expense . &#8226; The hose kinks . Not just in overly-stressed angles but constantly . This is what killed the hose for me . I 've used the lowest grade box store hose that did n't kink this much . Its a never ending battle of stopping to walk back and un-kink it.There was no way I was going to pack it up for shipping back . I put it at the back of the house where there is a flower bed 8 ' from the faucet and bought a real hose -LRB- GoodYear pro-grade red -RRB- for the side . Waste of money .
 Do not waste your money on this expensive hose . It kinked after 4 months and actually ripped after 14 months . It is three times as much as a standard hose and is a big rip off .
 I bought this to use on our hobby farm for watering livestock . The hose itself is robust and relatively kink free - in fact all I would expect . However we are returning it because of a worsening and persistent leak at the rotating connection between the female end on the faucet end of the hose and the hose itself . It started the first time we used the hose with just a few drops of leakage but now half fills a 5 gallon pail every day while we fill stock tanks . I am disappointed because I thought I was finally going to find a reliable 3/4 inch hose and while I think I am just unfortunate to have got one with a faulty fitting , I am going to try a different hose next time .
 When I received the hose , I made sure to unroll it completely . The first time the water was turned on , the hose had a pin hole in it . Now I have to go through the process of rolling it back up to return it . Not worth the effort . Thankfully amazon.com has a good return policy .
 I ordered and received this hose and it arrived with one end of the hose being severely `` bent '' . It definitely would have restricted water flow.So , I returned the hose and reordered it soon after , thinking the defective first hose was simply a fluke . The second hose arrived in same manner - bent about 4 inches below the coupling . I need to look elsewhere ...
 Only after few weeks I got to notice a few dents and a tear in the pipe . Will check if a replacement can be made .
 Hooked it up to the faucet to wash my wife 's car and got sprayed in the face from the middle of the hose .
 This review is for the Gilmour 10-34100 Flexogen - 3/4 '' x 100 ' hose . If it is critical or important to maintain water flow , then pass on this hose . The Flow Guard Plus collar is NOT part of this hose . Amazon 's web page incorrectly pictures and describes the product as having the kink resistant collar . I need to supply water to a 4 gpm pressure washer . Uninterrupted water flow is critical for this application . Therefore , I am returning the hose . Also , be advised the Amazon tools-tech-support department assured me this hose has the collar . They were wrong .
 These hoses suck ! Bought two . Used one twice and had to trash it . Pressure decreased greatly and has multiple bulges . Second one did the same the first time we used it !
 had a pin hole the first time i used . cut the couplers off and mailed them back to gilmore for free replacement 2 weeks ago still recieved nothing . this hose has 2 plys of rienforcement how they can say it is 8 plys is just not true .
 Someone else mentioned that the holes are too big - water literally pours out of many spots on the hose . This creates flooding instead of soaking . Had to return it for refund . Either I received a defective product , or this hose is poorly constructed . Beware !
 Some people reported that `` water literally pours out of many spots on the hose . This creates flooding instead of soaking '' . I totally agree . It happened to mine too . First time I turned on the water , I saw at least 4 , 5 holes that water shot out as far as 3-4 feets . Over a week , I saw more and more holes !!! This really a piece of junks . Some one may think that because my water source may has too much pressure ! No , I have a water pressure gauge that reads only 42 PSI which is low to nornal pressure . Comparing to the hose I bought at Walmart for only ~ $ 8 , the Walmart 's one is much better!Be aware ! Do n't buy this hose .
 We have several soaker hoses and this one has inordinately large holes in it whereby it looks like a fountain when you are using it rather than a gradually dripping soaker hose .
 Although the Amazon website says that this product is 5/8 inch diameter , it is actually 1/2 inch . The packaging for the product does n't even give a diameter . Perhaps that is why it can not be sold in California where they have strict labeling laws . I really needed a new soaker hose and my local home supply stores were all out of 5/8 inch hose , so I just kept the product .
 While this is 5/8 '' wide , and is a soaker hose , it is flat rather than round , and less than 1/2 '' high . The seller did immediately refund the purchase price when informed of my dissatisfaction with the product .
 the hose fitting on the reel has a square-edged lip before the threads , which blocks a hose fitting from sliding up to the threads . one turn and the threads lock , and no seal is made . attempts to turn the hose fitting past this point strip the threads , as the fitting ca n't move further . the slide track bars for the hose fell out on first attempt to reel on a hose.garbage . it might make a nice-looking compost box , though .
 How do I hate thee ? Let me count the ways ! I purchased this locally , and although it supposedly will hold 100 feet of 5/8th '' hose , it does n't even do well with 50 feet . I purchased the one with the guide for `` easy '' reeling , and I darn near have to sit on it to get it to stay in one place while winding and unwinding , but I could n't do that if I wanted to since I have to open the top and help the thing wind smoothly . If ... no ... WHEN the hose winds on top of itself , it will not be able to clear the container because it 's too thick and , remember , this is with the 50 foot hose.The crank for winding is too close to the ground , and I scraped my knuckles several times in the process.I THINK the square in the front right of the box is to brace it while you 're reeling , but there 's no room for any adult foot or toes . Perhaps the larger size hose reel would be better , but I wanted something more unobtrusive . Now I 'd settle for ugly and easy.I do n't know if my `` solution '' will work , but tomorrow , I 'm laying the full hose out in the hot sun , and hope that all the kinks are out when I try to reel it in . Mind you , it does n't stay put while unreeling.The only thing that seems to be reeling is me .
 There is no way this reel can hold 100 feet of hose . It can handle 50 feet .
 I bought two of these slightly over a year ago . They had light use -LRB- considerijng they were in storage due to a move -RRB- and both hubs have broken . I believe a cast aluminum or steel hub design would be better , as my two units are now in the trash . I am here to find a better solution to replace both units .
 This is the worst thing i have bought from your company . You can not get the connection from leaking and try to role the hose is almost impossible unless you stand and guid it . robert thomin
 We have purchased three of these Hide A Way hose reels in the last year . They have all broken in the middle of the reel after about four months . The construction is VERY POOR . I would not recomment this unit to anyone . It is a piece of trash !! Von GiesslerFt Myers , Fl
 +1 Star for having a foot anchor while you are reeling , otherwise see other 1 Star reviews . BTW This item is half the price on Targets website .
 I 've purchased 2 of the phh100d hose hideaways and 1 ofthe smaller models and on each one the connection where the shorthose connects to the hideaway `` pops '' off for no apparent reason.I have become very frustated and wish their was some kind ofservice dept. to talk to . Keith Claghorn
 has gadget to distribute hose on reel but you need three hands to use it since unit is so light you need one hand to hold reel in place . Nutty design , mine 's in the trash
 this is probably the lowest priced hose reel you can find , but do n't expect much . the handle and reel are plastic and will break with time and usage . i had one and it lasted one year , with fairly light use -LRB- i 'm now shopping for a better replacement and saw this unit and thought i would share my experience -RRB- . it leaked , so i had to constantly shut the water off at the faucet . also , i believe the design of the inlet valve is poor and significantly reduces the water pressure . if all you 're looking for is a way to hide and unsighlty hose , this might be good enough for you . if you are planning to use it often , invest in something more sturdy .
 I just purchased my Suncast 100 at Lowe 's and I 'm here to see what else is out there . The idea makes good sense , of course , but the quality of the product is lacking . Using a 100ft premium -LRB- commercial -RRB- grade hose I was unable to pack all of the hose on unless it was loaded . That in itself cause many difficulties . Consider dragging a 100ft of hose loaded with water ... quite a task . So heavy was the hose that I had to perch myself on the box in a precarious way so 1 -RRB- I can reel it , and 2 -RRB- the box would n't flop around . The latter problem probably can be resolved if you secure the box to the ground -LRB- but you still can see the box flex out of square with each turn -RRB- . Moreover there is NO levelwind mechanism to evenly lay the hose on the reel . But the weight of the loaded hose at full length pretty much requires the use of 2 hands for cranking . The handle flexes and it is my opinion that it will be a short amount of time before it snaps . And even though there is a guide , you really need a third hand to evenly lay the hose . My best guess is that if you choose to purchase this item use a 75ft hose or shorter for better results . And be mindful that the box may still flop and the handle may eventually break d/t fatigue .
 The same thing happens every time I use one of these plastic hose reels ! I thought it was just because I always bought the cheapest ones , so this year I invested a little more and bought this one . I read the instructions , had all the connections tight , barely turned the water on - and BLAM ! The side connector blew out of the thing and the water started flying all over . I did n't even have the water pressure up yet ! So , i just figured that the inherent design of ALL of these products is flawed , and they must ALL do that . So , I put the side hub back where it was supposed to be and screwed it into the plastic to make sure it was NOT going to come back out the next time . HA ! I win ! I turned the water back on , and - BLAM - the hub came back off , but this time from the INSIDE OF THE BOX ! Now anything I would attach to it to hold the center piece tight to the side of the box is going to keep it from spinning , making it kind of useless , other than something to sit flower pots on . This is probably the fifth one of these types of things I 've owned , and I 've never gotten to use ANY of them the way they were intended . The next one will definitely be metal . With what I 've spent on the plastic ones over the years , I should have just invested in the metal one in the first place . We live , we learn ... I gave it two stars because I can still roll up a hose with it and close the lid to hide it . That 's worth something , I suppose .
 This hose real is made out of poly-resin and all the connector pieces are plastic . While I was `` assembling '' , I was hand tightening the short hose that goes between the house and the reel , and the connector clean snapped off . For goodness sakes , I am a programmer so I ca n't be that strong!After that the lid snapped off as I let it fly across the yard . Just plain too cheap !
 I have used the product for two years and got a surprise this spring when the inlet hose attachment popped off when water back pressure was applied . Maybe there is an easier way to fix this but I ended up disassembling the reel to find out what the problem was . The inlet and outlet tubes are secured together with a two-sided white clip . The clip had jammed open which meant the inlet tube could not click -LRB- lock -RRB- in place . I have read elsewhere where other people had the same problem . Some people got frustrated and threw the unit away but this is certainly a fixable problem if you have the patience to take the reel apart without destroying it .
 This hose reel is rated at 100 foot capacity , but it will not reel my 75 foot hose in completely.As if that is n't bad enough , it starts to `` walk with you '' when you pull the hose , instead of letting the hose freely run off the spindle.When reeling the hose back in , the box jumps all over the place and if you try to hold it down with your foot on the footrest underneath , risk a twisted or cut ankle.I imagine it would be a very nice product for someone with a 25 foot hose .
 This was actually a replacement for one that did n't have a long life . The fittings on this have leaked from day one . The lid is not really hinged . Therefore , every time you open and close the lid it seems like you are actually `` forcing '' it , which I 'm sure you are . You must roll the handle carefully and make sure your hose does not kink while being re-wound . After 3 summers the fittings have completely given way , and this huge piece of plastic garbage is now destined for a landfill . I will see if they take it with our plastic recycling but I 'm not sure . Do n't waste your money on this .
 I gave this review 1 star because that is a low as you can go . It is simply IMPOSSIBLE -LRB- at least on my unit -RRB- to attach a hose to the internal plastic connection . I do n't know how you can screw this up as a manufacturer , but Suncast has done it . I tried dozens of times , tried lining up the threads as perfectly as possible after I got determined , and could NOT get it to thread . It is a joke . You will crack the cheap plastic housing before it threads ! Buy something else !! *** NEW REVIEW OF SECOND HOSE REEL *** I bought a replacement model-the larger version . It has the EXACT same issue as the first . You simply CAN NOT , I repeat CAN NOT get a hose onto the internal plastic connection . I have another brand hose reel on our front yard hose that works perfectly . I am a big boy , and can thread a hose onto a male conncetion ! But not this one ... no matter how slowly , carefully , fastidiously you baby this connection , it WILL NOT , WILL NOT go on straight . I wasted at least an hour with both of these units . I have now resigned myself to laying the hose on the driveway . Suncast is blackballed forever !!
 I own one Suncast hose box , the one with a moving track to guide the hose while winding it in . Although we had leaks initially , tightening the connections with a wrench worked well . I wanted a hose in a different part of the garden where there is another faucet but not room enough for the larger box so I ordered this smaller one . There is a hose guide , but it does not move independently of the hose and one 's hand . The result is that you are buying a decent looking box , but winding it in is just as difficult as wrestling with a coiling hose without a box . If you have the space , save your money and go for the larger version . It costs more but is well worth it in frustration-reduction . I have yet to use the hose which was placed in the box just today . I expect to be tightening the connections with a wrench . If I had not bought this from Amazon but from the local big box store I would be returning it .
 Hose connector eventually pops off and wo n't stay connected.These seem to be the only choice at Home Depot , Lowes andWalmart . I would relate these to a bic lighter , use it for a while , then throw it away .
 the design of the valve employs 2 sharp angles which reduce the water pressure to very low , too low to use the hose to clean a patio for example.a shame ` coz the item looks reasonably good .
 After seeing Jeannette 's negative review , I went to a local store and examined the larger version of the hose storage box . Indeed , the sharp angles of the connection device would diminish the flow of water . The lid kept sliding out of its `` hinges '' as well because it was loosely assembled . The product information card boasted of the fact that it was totally assembled . I am very disappointed because I liked the idea of storing the hose within an attractive container , and this type even matches our house color . I will not be buying this product .
 I bought a 100 ' kink free hose for this box and the handle broke after reeling in 20 ' on the first use . I 'm taking it back and looking for something stronger .
 After 15 minutes of wrestling with this reel , I decided to return it . I have 100 ' of 3/4 '' hose and this product is too flimsy to handle it - the box moves around when winding -LRB- too light -RRB- and the hose got stuck over the edge of the reel first time . It might be OK for a very lightweight hose , but after some research I 've decided to spend the extra and get a Rapid Reel instead .
 While I have no real complaints about the quality of the product , I do dare anyone to show me how they get 100 feet of hose reeled into this!I have 75 ft medium duty 3/4 inch garden hose and no matter how carefully I 've tried to reel it in , the most I can get on the reel is about 60 ft. I guess if I went out and bought the flimsiest 1/2 inch hose I could find I might be able to get it reeled in , but I have my doubts .
 I bought one of these eight months ago and it is already broken . The part where the short hose connects to the spindle broke . The design concept is great but the plastic used is not nearly substantial enough for regular use or exposure to the elements . Why have a hose storage device that will biodegrade upon exoposure to sunlight or cold ?
 I have had one of this companies products for two years . It self destructed . The company is not easy to deal with on warranty claims . They expect you to know their parts numbers , etc. . I would not buy one of their products ever again and I recommend you do not either .
 Nice unit but it does n't keep out the cold of winter weather . The louvers are relatively efficient but need regular lint cleaning - as does the rest of the vent `` pipe . `` I strongly suggest some additional sealing -LRB- device or tape -RRB- to keep out the drafts and cold during winter months .
 Due to a tight fit , i gently tapped it in place only to see it crack ... cheap plastic , this item is not worth the $ 18 i paid for . There are many cheaper options out there that would probably perform as well or better than this product .
 This nozzle is OK but is nothing special . It is very heavy and actually functions no better than the `` red '' Karcher nozzle . It was used on tractors to try to remove grease and grime . After one day of use , it was put on the shelf . It is a bit expensive for a paper weight .
 I thought this was going to be a good deal but this hose is complete junk . The rubber is more plastic than rubber and it 's a very rigid hose that 's difficult to roll up on a reel . After only 2 months this hose developed a large bulge in it when I turn on the water . Avoid this hose .
 It is a big 3/4 &#34; hose and will flow more water than a typical 5/8 &#34; hose . The extra flow is not really all that noticeable for typical yard watering needs.Heavy , but I expected that.Feels and acts like a vinyl hose . It is very stiff , even on the hottest day in full summer sun . It will not bend well and Kinks on itself constantly . It 's not easy to un-kink with a tug either , you need to walk to the kink and fix it . Very frustrating . I went back to my 28 year old Sears Craftsman rubber 5/8 &#34; hose which seldom kinks . When it does , a tug usually releases the kink.I put this hose in the back of the shed . I would use it for the occasional need to fill a pool or with a pressure washer where the extra water flow could be a benefit .
 I have one of these that I `` inherited '' a few years ago . It 's stiff as a board even in hot weather - difficult to move around and impossible to coil up or put on a hose rack . It 's pretty much useless unless you leave it stretched out somewhere and do n't need to move it
 Beware ! These cylinders come with a notice on them stating that it MUST be `` purged '' before use . No one in my area would fill it until purged , which costs $ 20 . That makes it a very poor buy and big hassle to deal with .
 not satisfied and i got it all banged up and scrapedalso box was open and wet as well . i was very dissapointed
 The one star is for the packaging , not the tank . The tank is a good value , but just like the other reviews , one of the two tanks came in too big a box with just some paper for padding . So of the two tanks I bought , the bottom was bent on one , but after contacting Amazon , they replaced it promptly and let me keep the one with the damaged base . So I have three tanks , two excellent shape and one with a bent base , but still usable . But I checked with the propane dealer to confirm it usability . So now I have a spare . Kudos to Amazon for prompt replacement . Boos and hisses for poor packing to ship
 Do n't buy it ! Mine did n't work and Amazon wo n't take it back . I even wrote to Worthington , the manufacturer , they did n't bother to acknowledge my concern over the worthless tank ! Steer clear of this one !
 I hooked this hose to plastic threads on a hose reel . No leaks . However , the hose kinked worse than any hose I 've ever used while I was putting it on the hose reel .
 This hose worked for a week . Cheap and kinks constantly . And to top it off after a month , a hole just burst through the hose for no reason . Complete waste of money and buyer beware . Pay extra to get a hose that will last longer than a month .
 The image of the item shows a hose with one male connector and one female connector . The item shipped has two female connectors and an adaptor . The description of the item states `` withstands pressure up to 4750 PSI . '' The item shipped is stamped with a pressure limit of 2400 PSI .
 The product received is not the product the photo shows . It shows one male and one female connector , which made me think it would fit my machine . It is made to add on to an existing cord to make it longer .
 The Karcher hose Amazon supplied was NOT as described on the Amazon Web-site or in Karcher publications ... - The hose was a smaller diameter - The coupling did not have the black molded gripFrankly , I was very disappointed that Amazon would attempt to sell a distinctly inferior product as a higher grade item . I am even more surprised that Karcher would produce the inferior item and label it as the higher grade item .
 I could not use this extension because it has 2 fenale conectors . I hope this company will give me my money back ???
 The threads did not match up on my original hose and just would not tighten by hand only , but tightening it with a pair of pliers did work . Without using the pliers for tightening the hose kept blowing off . The threads in the hose that came with my Karcher pressure washer are plastic where as the threads inside this extension hose are metal . I went and purchased a quick connect so I would not wear down the plastic threads on my washer by hooking and unhooking this extension hose . Other than that it is a good extension hose .
 This is the wrong hose for the pressure washer I bought from Amazon at the same time . There is nothing on Amazon 's website which would lead one to understand these two things are not compatible .
 I recently purchased through Amazon.com -LRB- shipped by CDO -RRB- a Karcher Model 5.85 M electric pressure washer , which has a 25 ' pressure hose . Page 13 of the Model 5.85 M User 's Manual accompanying the unit showed as an accessory that Karcher Part No. 2.640-850 .0 was a 25 ' replacement/extension hose for my model pressure washer . Hence , wanting an extension hose to reach out further , I ordered same from Amazon -LRB- again shipped by CDO -RRB- . Upon receipt , I found simply by looking at the ends that this hose is not compatable with my model electric pressure washer , as my pressure washer has `` snap-on '' type couplings on both the washer and wand ends of the hose , and this hose has `` screw-on '' connectors on both the male and female ends of the hose.I called the Karcher `` Help '' line and explained my problem and was told by the young lady with whom I spoke that I simply needed an adapter on both ends of my hose , but she could n't give me any information as to what adapters I needed.Hence , yesterday I took the pressure washer and hoses to our local Karcher small engine repair shop , and the folks at the shop made several calls to their Karcher contacts to see if Karcher had compatable couplings for both ends of the hose , such that I could mate both the machine and wand ends of the replacement/extension hose to my existing `` snap-on '' type couplings . They were told by their contacts that Karcher had no such couplings available . As of today , the replacemen/extension hose is now on its way back to CDO!Before sending the hose back , I tried to find on-line a compatable Karcher hose , and finally found a reference to one listed as `` KAR 63909610 '' . This is a complete replacement hose with compatable couplings , but it is only a 32.5 ' hose , and the price of it is $ 129.95 . That would only provide an additional 7.5 ' of hose over the original 25 ' hose , and cost wise equates to 58 % over the price I originally paid for the entire Model 5.85 M electric pressure washer to begin with!Obviously , that is not an economically acceptable alternative !!!
 The extension hose is not the same quality as the one shipped with my pressure washer . The hose kinks very easily and very tightly . I am concerned it will rupture at a kink some time during my use .
 DO NOT BUY THIS PART if you own a K 3.690 . IT DOES NOT FIT . I looked up the part number on the Karcher web site which same as what is listed here and drove to local Walmart and bought the hose only to find the connectors are totally wrong ! I have the newer model K 3.690 with the built in reel .
 Ordered this item waited 1 week for shipping . Got it in and went to use it and it was not the right item . The pic shows two female connections , with a double male adapter , but it is not that way . I called the shipper and he read in their web site is not a replacement hose . He could not understand the item shipped was not the same item in the picture . Might work great for an extention but it is not the right item as the pic , it has a male and a female . Amazon was wrong and put me back at least 2 weeks and i got to wait for my money to be returned . But this is the first time they lead me wrong .
 This tool is pretty to look at , eye appeal , etc. , looks very funtional . I received it about June 25 , 2012 . Today , as I write this is August 9,2012 , roughly 5 weeks . I probably weeded/hoed 10-12 times during this period . Each time it seemed to be more and more disfunctionable . Today the welds on the rake end failed miserably and in ordinary garden usage ; so much for pretty looks.The telescoping handle works -- so far.If you are thinking of purchasing this item , keep your money , or give to charity.This tool should be removed from Amazon .9 / 5/2012 , An Update
 This item does not have a flow rate listed for the emitter and therefore customers can not make a decision about buying this product .
 I was super excited when we received this in the mail for our barbecue . I pulled out the first one and right away we put them into their spots . The first one looks and works great . Then we got the second one pulled out and the part where the screw is to stabilize the burner was loose and it works but the burner is n't very tight . The third one was broken . The screw was busted off so we could n't even put this in our barbecue because it was too dangerous because it had no way of being stabilized . I think if all three would have come like the first one that we pulled out then I think it would be great .
 I have had this saw for less then 10 months and it was bought new . This saw sees very light duty work , may be 1-2 medium size trees a year would fall in my yard and I 'd `` harvest '' them for fire wood . This saw is not even adequate for this . There is a quality issue straight away upon my first use of this saw . The oiler mechanism had to be repaired as it leaked out the whole tank of oil in a few hours . The saw is reasonably easy to start but stalls constantly without load or when I try to speed up to the maximum rpm for cutting . Only after a good 15 minutes or so when the engine the thoroughly hot that it is usable ; this occurs even then the outside temperature is above 70 F . A repair shop adjusted the engine but that did n't help a bit . It has problem cutting a 8 inch diameter green log of hard wood with a new chain . I changed to another new chain at no avail . I have to feed it very slowly or it will stall . I would not recommend this saw and I will replace it soon .
 This product is harder to use than I had expected . In fact it is a little too hard for me to use . In other words , I am unhappy with this product . I believe it would be fine for someone who has sandy soil .
 The tilling does n't go deep enough and you have to go back and forth many many times . If the dirt is too dry , you run the risk of breaking off one of the metal spike wheels like I did . The spikes are metal but apparently the arm is not .
 This product is potentially dangerous for hummingbirds because it contains Red Dye and one or more preservatives . Even though hummingbirds might guzzle it down , that does n't mean it is healthy for them . -LRB- I myself love all kinds of things that are n't healthy ! -RRB- You do not need red dye in the nectar to attract hummingbirds . Most feeders have enough red on them to do that job . A simple mix of 4 parts water to 1 part sugar -LRB- do n't use honey or sugar substitutes -RRB- is what is healthy for hummingbirds . Cook it , cool it and put in a bottle in the fridge and you 've got the same convenience without the dangers of this product !
 Us hummers say do n't feed us artificial coloring . We like all natural . Buy your own pure cane sugar and mix it yourself , 4 parts water to 1 part sugar . Boil and mix well . Yum , yum , no red dye . The red on the feeder is enough to attract us .
 Wow , was I ever disappointed in the quality of this product combo . The only item of the three I thought was good was the gloves . The other two items were very lightweight and not worth the price . This is a highly regarded brand and these items certainly did not live up the brand 's reputation .
 I selected this hook for its contemporary design and its rated capacity of 50 lbs . This hook failed during installation but I ca n't know if this is an inherently weak design or if this single hook was faulty and missed production QA checks . I am gratefull that it failed while screwing it onto its mounting bolt rather after placing it into service with a 30 lb light fixture suspended from it . I returned the item and made another selection which is in place and doing fine .
 I have purchased Liquid Fence for years and this is the 1st time I 've ordered the 21/2 gallon size . I found it to be alot thinner than what comes in the gallon size . I throughly mix it , but it still seems thinner.I have n't tested it 's effectivness on the deer but it appears to be a thinned down version .
 This might be a rugged little lamp but it really does n't give off enough light to be a table lamp . It 's only a flashlight size bulb covered by a shade . The only way to get enough light is to take off the shade .
 I can not get the lamp to turn off without removing the batteries . The instructions state
 We bought this lamp specifically for when we lose electric power . But , when we , finally , tried to use it this week -LRB- June 30 , 2012 -RRB- , the lamp simply did not work -- at all . The clock worked , but not the lamp . I bought this lamp through Amazon , but I , nevertheless , called Coleman about the lamp . They told me that they had not made this model for some time . Indeed , Coleman , as far as I can tell , does not show this lamp on its website . This was a wasted purchase , both in terms of money and use .
 While the light works fine , the metal piece upon which the shade rests is flimsy and does not hold the shade upright . Plus , the shade rests too low on the unit to provide the amount of light this lantern should provide . Taking the shade off produces a blinding result not unlike a third-degree interrogation . I 'm surprised that Coleman , usually a reliable brand , has produced such a shoddy product .
 sorry , i 'm not hard to please . this spinner do n't spin unless it is really windy . also after only a month of mild weather , it is also rusting . not happy overall . it was not really cheap either .
 This product looks very cheap and it is not worth the money they demand . The green tear drop looks bad as well and when it rotates , it wobbles instead of maintaining the center position . Not worth the time and money spent on this .
 I mistakenly bought a few of these thinking they 'd be glass -- like my old ones . Mistake . A thin -LRB- I mean THIN -RRB- plastic . I was too lazy to go back and check if `` plastic '' was used in the description . But I knew as soon as my UPS driver handed me the box something was n't right -- it was light as air . No -- as light as thin plastic . Alas , they might work come spring . But I 'm from the old school -- I like heft . And somehow bird feeders got ta take a licking to keep on ticking .
 You are better off buying a large garbage bag to cover your grill . We bought this cover because the price was right and it was touted as heavy duty . We put this cover over our grill and within one month it was full of holes and rips without even touching it . Please do n't waste you money on this cover .
 I received this grill cover in early Feb. . I patched 8 holes in the vinyl today , March 28 . The grill is kept under roof but I live in a windy four season climate . The cloth underlayer is holding up fine . However , the thin vinyl coating is tearing in all kinds of different places . I tossed my canvas grill cover after 7 years as it finally ripped through . This cover had n't really lasted for 7 weeks . In the near future I 'll be going back to canvas .
 This grill cover said to be 68x21x42 . But it is less than 40 '' , if measuring with tape directly . My grill 41 '' over the wheels , with this cover , it left about 6 '' uncovered . Have to return it and look for other options.btw , the material looks very CHEAP .
 I purchased this cover based on the number of good reviews , but I am writing this review in response to these glowing reviews . First off , some reviewers mentioned this cover is perfect for a smaller grill with no/collapsible sides . Not true . This cover is sewn to accommodate the sides as well as a small grill . The only thing that makes this small is the fact that it 's short . Second , the quality of the cover is poor . I agree with another reviewer in that it really is just a dark green vinyl tablecloth -LRB- lined with felt -RRB- sewn to fit a wide grill . Quality-wise , it does n't even come close to the previous cover I had , which was made with heavy water resistant fabric . To be fair , this does have velcro fasteners . Personally , I 'll be happy if I get one year out of this cover . In this case , it seems to me that you really do get what you pay for .
 I bought this cover -LRB- perhaps not the exact same size -RRB- a little over 2 years ago . In the discription it claims , `` Fire-retardant fabric offers UV protection and resists cold cracking . '' Well after about 11/2 years it began cracking and tearing all along the top . The grill does sit in the hot Savannah sun . But it is obvious that the claim of UV protection is false . I would rather pay a little more money and get one that would n't have to be replaced every couple of years . I will say that if your grill is in a sheltered area , it might last longer . But they should n't make claims that are not true .
 I got this as a gift for someone last xmas . We put it on the grill and it was in shreds within a month . I 'll admit we live in a windy area . Found holes busting through the fabric within the first week . Disappointed as I was excited about the velcro .
 Cover has cracked in multiple places after only one year of use , letting in water and opportunistic squirrels seeking bedding material for their nests -LRB- the cracking happened first -RRB- . Maybe it 's the tough winters we have here , or maybe the thin vinyl top-layer is of poor quality . Either way , this item was no more durable than a $ 10 cover I bought from Walmart previously . Seriously disappointed .
 10 YEARS AGO I BOUGHT A VERY SIMILULAR BOOT SCRAPER THAT HAD THE SAME MESH MOUNTED ON WOOD . IT WAS A GREAT PRODUCT . THE NEW MODEL SHOWN HERE IS `` CRAP '' THE PLASTIC BASE CRACKED AFTER A FEW WEEKS USE AND THE MESH HAS COME OFF IN SEVERAL AREAS . LOOK FOR A BETTER ITEM THAN THIS . TOTAL WASTE OF TIME , EFFORT AND MONEY$ $ $
 This is an all plastic shoe cleaner . It feels light and insubstantial . Lots of plastic `` fingers '' in the main body of the unit and those are not very effective . This is a basic unit that will do a basic job of superficial shoe cleaning prior to entering the house . It 's not very attractive at all . Just OK .
 This item arrived broken . The brushes are held in place a thin piece of hard plastic . I was not surprised it broke in transit after I could see the quality of the item . Also , to returm the item you have to send an e-mail to get the return instructions . They wo n't tell you over the phone .
 Please do not use this for your hydroponic reservoir ! Phosphoric acid is terrible and will cause a reaction that promotes massive slime growth . Use sulphuric acid -LRB- battery acid sold at most automotive supply stores -RRB- .
 I have used Vitanica suppositories and it worked much better . However there are so many bad reviews for the suppositories that I thought I would try to make my own suppositories with Boric Acid.I was only able to make it 5 days and my vagina was way worse off than it had been with the BV infection , it irritated me so bad that it caused me to bleed . I was so uncomfortable for the 5 days I used it . It was not messy at all like the Vitanica Suppositories are.My Dr told me to use the suppositories for 2 wks . There would have been no way.I would not recommend this product to my friend . But I would recommend the Vitanica -LRB- sp ? -RRB- which I am now going to buy today to see if I can clear up my bv .
 Boric acid is boric acid , for someone who has used it in the past . For someone like my partner who is hesitant to use any new products , it was important that the product was advertised as specifically `` for vaginal yeast infections '' . But the label on the actual product shipped does not match what was advertised . Instead the fact that it is a poisonous substance was most prominently displayed and nowhere on the container does it say `` for vaginal yeast infections '' . As a result , the product sits unused , and I am disappointed I did not get what was shown at least as far as the label is concerned .
 Bought it because its cheap and thought from reviews that it would be a decent product . Currently half of it is gone and the other-half is still on my grill . I live in Wisconsin and there is melting and freezing of ice . Somehow on the corner of grill their was a hole caused by taking off the cover while ice was still on-the-cover . Eventually it caused a massive hole and totally ripped away by some wind . The material is made of cotton like substance and not a durable elastic rubber or plastic . I guess you have to live in hawaii or something to have this product . I do n't recommend for the above stated reasons , I am not sure your cover will last 6 months ?
 This is probably the kind of thing that one should buy in a store . In my case , the can arrived from Amazon with the lid very much ajar and with sticky , smelly fluid making a terrible mess . The can is such a mess of caked gooey pruning fluid that I ca n't even pick it up , much less try to use it .
 This was a total waste of money . I probably will send it back wrapped in newspaper and absorb the cost of this junk , as a lesson learned . Did not pick up bugs or zap them Was totally useless . Should be ashamed to sell this crap . I will not recommend this product to anyone ... . We got taken !!!!!!!!! There should not even be one star on this review
 The Lentek Bug Vac just does n't have enough power to pull even a spider off a flat surface . Do not purchase this product . You will not be happy .
 The Lentek bug vacuum is not worth the money . It does not work with the capture tip on it so it 's purely useless . It could not even suck up a dead bug . It comes with a 1 year limited warranty but it 's crap when it 's brand new . I sent mine back for a refund . This bug vac is made in China so the quality is not a surprise .
 This item has a 1 year warrenty . It is now just a little over 1 year and the battery will not accept a charge . I have contacted Koolatron who is the distributor for this product and was informed that they can not help me . After searching every available battery outlet in search of a battery and I find no battery available . So , I advise you to pass on this item since you can not obtain a replacement battery . In addition , their customer service is non existent . So , I will trash this garbage and guarantee that I will never purchase any items from Lentek again and will spread the word to everyone that will listen . Lentek BV01 Rechargeable Cordless Handheld Bug Vacuum
 I so wanted this to work !!! but the design is poor , and the motor is too weak . the Muzzle is s straight tube , to the handle of the unit , where an electric grid is apparently supposed to warm the bugs . there is to catch bag , or other way to divert the bugs , so they all sit on the grid until they cover it enough to block the air flow . The motor can not pick up anything larger than a ladybug , and then only when there is nothing already in the tube . This was the first time I 've returned anything to Amazon in almost 10 years of ordering . Stay away from this vacuum .
 First let me say that this is the first time I 've ever had a product motivate me to write a review.The Lentek BV01 Bug Vacuum is useless . I 've tried it on quite a few bugs . The suction is so weak that I have to scrape bugs off whatever surface they 're on and then use something to push them into the vacuum hole -LRB- if the bugs were n't smart enough to fly or crawl away first -RRB- . It 's often the case that after bugs plummet to electrical grid , I remove the nozzle and find them still alive . I 've even tried replacing the nozzle , turning on the vacuum , and shaking bugs around on the electrical grid and they still emerge alive.The only reason I gave this product one star is because there was n't a selection for zero stars . Lentek should be ashamed of itself for selling this product . Unfortunately , by the time everyone figures out what a piece of crap this product is , Lentek will have made their money and moved on to selling some other scam product . I do n't know what other products they make but I will be crossing Lentek off of my list of companies to consider for future purchases .
 I bought this to replace one I had bought years ago . The first one worked great , but after 4 years lost its suction . This new one worked great ... . for a month . Then it lost its suction . I ca n't believe the difference in the two . I will not buy another one . But what I have found that works quite well is a swiffer mop without the swiffer cloth . It 's hard enough to squash those nasty spiders , but soft enough not to damage the paint . It 's long enough so I do n't have to get close and risk a spider falling on me and the head can be angled any way I want . So if you need to kill spiders at a distance , save yourself some aggravation and a lot of cash and go for a swiffer .
 What a waste of money . Utter failure -LRB- would n't suck up the bugs , did n't kill them on the `` grid '' -RRB- . Threw it in the trash . Do n't waste your money . Use a shoe . That 's what we 're back to doing . Would give is zero stars if that were an option .
 I 've owned a BV01 since 2003 after receiving it as a gift . It has worked very well over the years especially against spiders and centipedes . I decided to get a new one when it appeared the rechargable batteries were starting to fail . Recently they were only effective for 2 or 3 `` kills '' before running down . I charged the new unit for 11/2 days before turning it on and realized immediately that it lacked the power the old one had , and still has . After several more days on the charger I used it for the first time , against a centipede . It sucked it up okay -LRB- without the end piece -RRB- but failed to electrocute the bug even after 10 seconds . The old unit always did that in even shorter time . I 'm going to return the new unit for a replacement and see if that one works better . I 'll let you all know . * update * The replacement BV01 I received still does n't have the power that my original -LRB- 2003 model -RRB- device had , and actually still has . It does kill spiders and centipedes I 've caught however . I suspect Lentek is using a weaker motor in newer models . Too bad . This used to be a great device for us arachniphobes . It does work , just not as powerful as it originally was when introduced .
 I bought this to deal with the ever-growing population of stinkbugs in my office . Unfortunately , this device does not have enough suction to do the job . I recommend getting a mini shop vacuum that you can dedicate to the little beasts so that their malodorous residue is n't in your regular vacuum .
 Very anemic . Does not have much suction power even when fully charged . Battery depletes pretty quickly also . We are very disappointed with this product , and do not recommend it .
 This item had mixed reviews on Amazon , but I decided to give it a try as I thought it might be an easy answer to capturing the `` stink bugs '' as they walked across the ceiling . I assembled it per instructions , charged it overnight and then went on a mission to catch bugs . Not only does n't it pick up bugs , it does n't even scare them . This product could n't pick up a flea . The reason that I gave it one star is that I could n't figure out how to give it no stars.The good news is that it was purchased from Amazon . Their return policy is excellent and the process is very easy . A good reason to buy from Amazon !
 This product does not pickup the Stinkbugs , even after charging for several days it does not have the suction enough to pick up the bug.Its a waste of money .
 I bought this to replace our Insectaside vacuum , which died after 4 years of loyal service . Big mistake
 Here in the northeast we are inundated with stink bugs - you know , those beetle like bugs that look like they are armored ? The vacuum works fine for wasps , bees , flies - basically lighter bugs . But it just is n't strong enough for the average stink bug . They just do n't go willingly to their death ... Wish this product had a little more umph !
 I have a phobia of spiders , and when I was with a friend who was also afraid of spiders , I decided to try out this product . She watched as the spider kept running on the floor , and I kept trying to suck it up with the bug vacuum . Finally , I squished it with the device , and sucked it up . Thinking that it was dead , four hours later , I went to take the product apart to return it , and there was the spider , alive and well If you have a phobia of spiders , this is NOT the product for you . It 's useless .
 After owning this just a couple of months , it says it is charging , but when I try to operate it will not turn on.Since the suction it so weak on this anyway , I rarely used it - so I did not wear it out.Complete waste of $ .
 Do n't waste time or money on this worthless item.After several days of charging and numerous attempts , this product fails.First off , suction is poor.You must have insect trapped under Capture Tip before it will be sucked into tube.Second , the High Voltage Grid only stuns insect . Anything dumped into trashcan wakes up and flies away within a minute.Too bad it ca n't be rated zero stars.Received this item as a gift . Do n't know where it was purchased .
 This vacuum is not worth buying . It has very little sucking power and the battery does n't last long at all . I 've tried little moths and it would n't suck them in so imagine trying larger bugs .
 I have a serious bug phobia . I got this bug vac hoping to be able to deal with bugs by myself and to not need to call someone else to kill a bug in my house . It did not even pick up the tiniest stink bug or spider . Do n't get this product . You 'll seriously regret it .
 This vacuum only works on stink bugs or for that matter any bugs that are already dead . It has no suction . Do not waste your money on this one .
 I was really looking forward to getting this , because I absolutely hate flies and spiders . I was very disappointed . The suction is so weak that the fly has to half dead before it sits still enough to get sucked in . You have to be right on top of it , otherwise it just flies away . You can forget about being able to suck them in mid-air . It also does n't zap them as well as it should . Several times I could see one flying around inside the tube . Way too expensive and a total waste of money .
 I purchased this product to suck up stink bugs . . forget it . I tried to suck them up on all surfaces and it does not have enough power to get them , even after several days of charging . I returned this product and ordered the Bugzooka . . what a difference !! The Bugzooks is cheaper , does not require any charging or batteries and sucks up eveything !!
 The suction in this device does not work . Too weak . Find another product .
 This was as surprise . The first hint came when the item was received and it was clear that returning the product was not going to be an option.This device has almost no suction . You have to knock the bug into the tube and sometimes even push it through the baffle on the end of the tube to get it to fall into the tube . Just putting the end of the tube near the bug does nothing but give the bug the opportunity to fly away.After a few seconds the noisy fan motor quiets down considerably . That means that the almost minimal vacuum power is reduced even more as the weak battery gives up . The bugs seem to enjoy crawling around on the built-in `` high voltage '' zapper . It certainly does n't kill anything.I have no idea how this product even made it to the market . The concept is great . A small , relatively powerful , rechargeable device which you can grap to suck a bug off the wall or ceiling . The bug vacuum does none of that.Bug Vacuum
 I bought on of these because I could not find replacement cartridges anywhere for the type of bug vacuum that trapped insects in a sticky cartridge that could be replaced . That bug vacuum is powerful and it took many bugs to fill up the cartridge . This unit , on the other hand , has a weak vacuum . It will suck up flies , and it initially would electrocute them , but the electrocution function stopped working the second day I used it . And the design of the electrocution grid is poor . Flies -LRB- dead or stunned -RRB- would get trapped under a part of the grid and be difficult to remove . I returning this product and ca n't recommend it . Bring back the replacement cartridges for the other bug vacuum !
 It will not suck up Stink Bugs , it will not Kill stink bugs with the electrical zap . Sorry I did not listen to all the other reviews .
 I bought this Bug Vac because my friend told me she uses one . What a bust . I was a little skeptical because of some of the more negative reviews , but I figured it might be worth it to have something help me catch the roaches -LRB- I live in Texas -RRB- . The vac works but ONLY on hard , flat , smooth surfaces and ONLY with smaller bugs . It will not suck up the giant tree roaches we sometimes get . So , mine sits in its charger most of the time .
 This `` vacuum '' would n't suck up a waft of smoke!I purchased it to suck up and kill stink bugs . They are not very large bugs , but they emit a musky stink when they feel threatened or when they are crushed . I thought that this product would work quickly and effectively to capture and kill them , thereby eliminating the stink factor . It does n't have enough suction to handle the task . So I 'm back to using paper towels to grab the stink bugs -LRB- without killing them -RRB- and flushing them.It 's a scam product and a complete waste of money !
 Was able to use it twice before the little electric grid that 's supposed to kill the bug stopped functioning .
 I DO NOT like spiders . Our house has more small-sized spiders than I 'm comfortable with . When I researched a way to control them , I thought the Bug Vacuum was the perfect solution . Wrong.I followed the directions exactly and this product did NOT perform as it suggests . It has an attachment that you place over the intruder , but the vacuum power is not strong enough to effectively and quickly suck it up . So , I took the attachment off ... the vacuum was a bit stronger , but still not efficient enough.To be fair , I tried it on multiple sized spiders -LRB- it did manage to kill a few -RRB- , but the last straw was when I tried to capture a spider smaller than a pea ... it barely -LRB- slowly -RRB- sucked it up , but then could n't electrocute it and the spider continually kept trying to crawl back out the tube . And this vacuum 's lazy attempt was all while the battery was fully charged.Unfortunately , this bug vacuum does n't do the job ... it only makes a squeamish spider hater having to fight the spider to get the job done . I wanted this to work so badly , but a shoe is much more effective and faster , too!Don ' t waste your money . I 'm returning mine .
 I BOUGHT TWO , ALMOST NO VACCUM , REPEAT ; ALMOST NO VACCUM . MY WALLET WAS VACCUMED FOR THE MONEY I SPENT FOR THIS JUNK . WM.
 This has been a very , VERY disappointing , expensive product . Very poor suction , either from inadequate motor or power supply unit . Takes -- REALLY -- 10 mins . to vac a 1/2 inch . skinny spider , even from a flat wall . Price would be fair if this were an effective product -- in this case it is a rip-off .
 I would never recommend this item to anyone . I wo n't return it to the vender because I do n't think that is fair to them , so I will just take a loss .1 . It does not pick up an ant or a spider , virtually nothing gets sucked up . You have to hold/trap the bugs for a long time and then maybe it will pick it up .2 . It was a poor choice to create this with rechargeable batteries . It is a big charging stand that you will never want to look at in your house . It would be much better if someone made one that was battery operated .3 . The creator seemed to think that people need to shock the bug and kill it . Well , I would n't care if it just sucked up the bugs and trapped them till they died . What do I care , bugs have no feelings , let them suffer . Adding that function is probably why it needs so much battery power.Save your money and do n't make the mistake I made .
 I really wish I had n't bought this ! It 's a good idea in theory , but did not have the strength to pick up any bug I tried it on . Eventually I was able to knock a spider and a stink bug in there at different times , and neither were killed by the electric shock . A complete waste of money !!!
 I bought this to suck up stink bugs ... absolutely does n't have enough power to do this . Barely works for anything else either ... ended up buying the portable dyson ... now that vacuum sucks .
 I was very disappointed with this . The charge did n't last long . The suction generally worked , but the bugs often did n't die . The trap door also did n't stay closed . If you want a device that works 75 % of the time , I recommend this .
 It does not have enough suction power to pick up a roach from the floor.I was looking for some thing like this , and I found at the Amazon . I order it , after reading the reviews I decide to return it but was too late I can not cancel my order So , , I decide to give a try , may be it works for me , after receiving , as the manual says charge it for 24 hours before use , I charged it for that time , after 24 hours I try to turn this on it did not come on -LRB- may be I did not place it properly on the charger -RRB- , then i give another 24 hours , this time it came on but does not have enough power to suck a roach , this was a bad idea to buy this , one thing '' I did try '' but did not work , I do n't want to give any star but I guess I have to , I am giving it one star , in my opinion it does not deserve even one star
 I got this because a friend recommended it . I am returning it , because it is a waste of money and totally ineffective . The `` vacuum '' is practically useless ; it did n't vacuum in the bugs unless it was held in place for an extended period of time , and even then I had to practically scoop the bugs into the vacuum tube to get them . It also did n't kill the bugs . Everything that eventually got sucked in was still alive and kicking when I went to empty it . What 's worse , is that it only seemed to have the energy to vacuum one bug before it had to be recharged . What a huge disappointment . It does not even rate one star , but I think that is the lowest score I can give it.This is the only item I 've ever had to return to Amazon .
 i ordered the lentek bug vacuum thinking it would vacuum up the stink bugs in the house ... wrong . it looks like an awesome machine but had absolutely no suction . . it could n't even pick up an ant ... horrible .
 I bought the Lentek Cordless Bug Vacuum for spiders and the dreaded `` stink bugs '' ... it did not have enough suction to pick up the stink bugs , and only worked on spiders if the top suction cup was perfectly flat to a surface . It the bug is in a corner or on trimwork , etc. it does not work ! Do n't waste your money !!
 Do n't buy it !!! I bought this product because of an excellent review it had received . When I got the bug vacuum , I charged it for 24 hours as instructed . I then used it to try to pick up a stink bug ... did n't work ! Tried to pick up a bigger spider ... did n't work ! The only thing it worked on was the tiniest of tiny spiders .
 The product seemed to be well made , but it was not powerful enought to pick up a stink bug . When one bug was placed inside the intake , the bug was not drawn down to the electric grid . I returned the product since the whole reason for the purchase was to collect these unpleasant pests inside my house .
 While this is a very neat gadget , it is not an appropriate gift to give your wife/girlfriend on her birthday . Better options would include sterling silver earings , automatic meat thermometer , or a gift card from a nearby department store or Amazon -LRB- Check out the wish list section -RRB- . On the positive side , if you do n't push the tube down completely , the electro-shock does n't engage & you can practice catch & release on the bugs . However , the guys and children seem to enjoy `` zapping '' the little critters .
 This bug vacumm has no suction , especially when it is extended to it 's full length . If I could be just a few inches away from the spider I would n't need the vacuum . It 's garbage and a huge waste of money .
 This item is strictly a novelty . It can hardly do the job . after the first season the battery died , and of course the warranty with it and of course Lentek had no solution . After 1 year , in the garbage .
 I would n't even suck up a stink bug , I could n't believe that I wasted money on this . I DID read the other negative reviews and bought it anyway . Please do n't buy this one !
 I searched for some time for a bug vac and found this one . After reading all of the positive reviews on this item , I decided to purchase it.It was pretty much useless . Practically no suction . I wanted to use it to pick up dead lady bugs during the annual winter infestation we get here in NC . It was marginal at BEST and I 'm talking about picking up dead bugs . It was totally useless for sucking up live ones.Just not enough suction to be usefull unless you want to suck up dust bunnies .
 This product does not suck ! But that 's not a good thing . Even when right up almost on top of small moths there was not enough power to pull them into this devise .
 I hate stink bugs . So I bought this vacuum . I had been charging it for a week and was so excited to use it , as the first stink bug victim appeared in my kitchen . I put the vacuum DIRECTLY over the bug . Nothing . The bug just sat there . I think I heard it laughing.Don ' t waste your money .
 Like most folks have said , its just OK for small to medium bugs but you can forget larger spiders and flies . I think that they just get irritated that you are trying to suck them up ! There is not a lot of suction and it is a very large device to have sitting around your house . In the charger it 's almost 2 ' tall which makes finding a place to keep it a challenge .
 Other reviewers had warned about this device being underpowered but I thought maybe they were expecting too much . Well , they were right , it 's underpowered . I ca n't imagine it working on very many types of insects , especially spiders which are very adept at clinging . I managed to knock a bug into it to test the zapper feature and that also failed , which actually made me feel less guilty despite the failure of the product . It 's also much bigger than I imagined and cumbersome to use and store . When you lift it off the base you have to hold the base down with your hand to remove it . I would wait for an improved model , especially one with greater suction power .
 The title should say it all . I have no idea why I got suckered into buying this item ... normally I do my research more thoroughly . First of , the shipping and returning policy is already of doubtful legality . Hammacher-Schlemmer requires the customer to pay for shipping an handling for delivery -LRB- normal -RRB- , and to return the item -LRB- not normal -RRB- . While I doubt that H&S is earning money with this scheme , it at least reduces all the risk for herself . The quality of this product is ... well , there is none . The suction power is totally insufficient for the intended purpose , no matter how inert an insect or spider is ... I got a couple of near-dead Junebugs , but that 's about it . I am not sure by the way whether the bugs are really `` electrocuted '' ... the smell suggests more like frying on a heated grid . The charger has been faulty as well ... the red charging light never turned into the promised green ... maybe that 's why the power was so low , but I never got to find out . Suction tube fell off , just as described in other reviews . What bothered me most was the fact that this product had been very positively reviewed in a renowned Weekly magazine published by the New York Times . Again , fault is on me for not checking the reviews . Without wanting to slander the emerging markets in the Far East , this product is a fine example why manufacturing in some of the region is still lagging behind .
 Keep your money . Use an old magazine and whack them . This thing did not work .
 I order tons from Amazon and this is the first product that I 've ordered that I 've been disgusted with . It 's a sturdy , nice looking piece of equipment , however it just does n't work . The little suction that has can suck up a bug or two , but that 's about the limit . Also the flap that sits inside the tube does n't close properly and the bugs crawl right back out . I 'm in the process of returning it to Lentek now . It was a gift so naturally the expiration period for returning it is past .
 After charging fully the unit made noise but completely failed to produce enough suction to perform it 's intended finction of sucking bug into the tube . On flat walls it would have a slight chance of getting the bug , any other surface shape it would not work . Most bugs just moved away from the slight airflow . The design has potential but needs a massively bigger air flow . You almost have to get the bugs to crawl in , and catching them in flight , no chance . Very dissapointing , total failure . I would not buy this .
 This thing does n't work . It wo n't pick up something as small as a ladybug . The attachment at the end of the wand is designed poorly adding to the ineffectiveness of this product . A real waste of money .
 Honestly , this product was garbage right out of the box . It barely had enough suction to suck up small spiders and rarely killed them . I purchased it for my wife because she hates bugs and was always putting cups over them until I got home to handle them . She used it a handful of times but was n't impressed and has gone back to using cups . It has sat in my attic for 2.5 years now and I will probably burn it the next time we go camping . I should have known when I stumbled across it in a SkyMall magazine .
 Do n't waste your time with this . Seriously , just do n't even try it . I REALLY wanted it to work and even after reading all the bad reviews I still decided to give it a try since it is the only bug sucker that also kills the little devils . Every fall our house gets invaded by disgusting lady bugs and huge , terrifying spiders . This year it was war , and what better to be armed with than an vacuum with a bug zapper in it ??? Well it turns out there are a lot of things that would be better . The day after I got this a stink bug turned up in the middle of my son 's birthday party . All the guests oohed and awwed when I unveiled my weapon and I was a little giddy to try it out . The stink bug was on the floor and I placed the cup over top of it and turned the vacuum on . I let it run for a few seconds and then lifted it up . . There sat the stink bug , still on the floor . I tried again and still the stink bug sat . Finally , it started crawling all around the cup and tube , all while the vacuum was running . I chalked it up to `` sticky legs '' and figured it would work with a smaller bug . Next was a lady bug and the same thing happened . Finally , when it would n't even suck up a MOTH I knew it just was n't meant to be . I boxed it up , sent it back , and ordered a BugZooka , also from Amazon . If you want a bug sucker that works I highly recommend the BugZooka . It does n't have an electric zapper to kill the bugs but it traps them so you can freeze them and kill them that way .
 Found a large reddish crab spider in the basement ! The bug vacuum had been charging for 24 hours after purchase . Took the bug vacuum down to the basement and turned it on over the spider ... The bug vacuum ran for approx . 10 seconds , long enough for the spider to be sucked up into the tubing . Then the vacuum died with the spider still in the tubing and alive ! I had to take it outside and empty the tubing and kill the spider myself . I will give it another chance , but the first impression is that this is a piece of expensive junk for the price !
 This is the worst product I have ever purchased . It has terrible suction and would not kill the insect once I forced it into the suction tunnel . Nothing like the product description indicates . It would not pick up a lady bug off a lamp shade . This product sucks because it wo n't suck !!
 I had an invasion of ladybugs and some flies . This machine was not able to zap the lady bugs . My guess is that the lady bugs have suction feet or something like that . They went into the tube , spun around and when the machine was turned off , walked about like they had been at Disneyland . They were not able to make it to the zapper . It worked for some of the flies . I believe this machine needs more power for my bugs .
 Have you ever heard the term `` could n't hurt a fly '' ? That is how I would describe this product as it literally can not hurt a fly if it is even able to provide enough suction to get it into the tube where the electric screen is . This product is useless . It should not be listed as a vacuum , zapper or killer of any kind . The suction can barely pick up lint and if you are lucky enough to get a bug inside the electric screen will do nothing to kill them . If you have an empty jar , you are just as well armed as having this worthless piece of junk ! I am in the process of returning it but I do n't exactly know how to . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT IT IS WORTHLESS AND THE COMPANY SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF THEMSELVES !
 This product never worked and I do n't mean it did n't suction well . The vacuum never even turned on . My husband threw away the box and my receipt so I 'm stuck with this . Well , rather the trash can is stuck with this .
 This is not worth spending your money on . I had to throw mine away because I had thrown the box and packaging away . Please do n't waste your money . I ordered it to suck up stink bugs as they got in my screened porch and it does n't have enough power to suck them up . I was trying to save my vaccum from the stink but this thing has no power . The bugs would have to be the size of a tiny ant and then I do n't think it would suck them . Do n't do like me and waste your money .
 This was basically a good idea but the suction is very weak and so this unit is n't very effective .
 I bought this to suck up spiders on my sliding glass doors but it was not even powerful enough to grab the small ones . The bottom line is that you pay shipping to get it and they charge you for the shipping to get it back to them .
 I bought this bug vacuum with low expectations ; it is even worse than I expected . We had hoped to use it for the occasional stink bug . It is bulky with a massive charger . Its vacuum power is best described as a gentle breeze . The best way to get the bug in the device is to kill the bug using another device , pick up the bug and drop it in the bug vacuum hole . I have not written an online product review on Amazon before ; this product is so bad I felt compelled to warn others !
 My wife is phobic about bugs . I thought this was the perfect gift . There are not alot of bugs around in the winter , but fortunately a spider showed up for his demise . I anxiously went for the `` bug vaccum '' . I positioned it perfectly above the spider , I think it was comotose , because it did not move . I held the cover over the spider but the suction was too weak to actually suck it up the tube . I had to take off the cup and directly put the hose over the spider . Finally , the spider was sucked up the tube . Sorry , do n't buy if you are a bug hunter ... Waste of $ 50.00
 I have a lot of low-voltage lights on our house . Many colors and different wattages , which I dearly love . Unfortunately , the spiders also love to build webs on the siding because flying insects are attracted to the lights . One night I used my Panasonic vacuum -LRB- which I love -RRB- and got over 30 ! The motor chews them up and spits the pieces into the disposable bag -- I 've never had one survive ! Nice jolly subject , right ? Often , I have to hold the vacuum in one hand -LRB- 20 lbs . -RRB- while using the hose with attachment in the other . This gives me over 3 ft. of reach and the suction is so great that the insect is `` gone '' within 1 '' of the brush . OK , the Lentek is rechargeable , does n't have a power cord and is lite -LRB- albeit unwieldly -RRB- . After charging for a day the unit would pick up a 1/8 '' spider but nothing larger . After a minute of operation the suction is down by about half and you wo n't get anything then . Yes , I 'm back to the Panasonic and the Lentek ? -- the `` round file '' !!
 This product just does n't work ... It will suck a bug in , maybe , but it does n't kill anything - and after a couple of minutes it wo n't have the power to suck any more bugs in . At best you can use it to go after the occasional fly or moth that 's just out of hands reach , but do n't expect you 're going to do anything else with this .
 I order many items on Amazon and have learned that even products that have several negative reviews can end up being pretty good . That is not the case with the Lentek Bug Vacuum . Believe all the bad reviews . I do n't know how anyone would give this a satisfactory review . Here are the details :1 . First , you receive and open the box and note how large the unit is . It is way larger than I thought it would be and is about the same size and much more noticeable than a good - sized hand held vacuum .2 . Upon reading the instruction manual it says to charge it for 24 hours before your first use . It also goes on to say that even when fully charged it only has a 5 minute running time and then you need to recharge it for -- you guessed it -- another 24 hours . In reality , do n't bet a dime that the unit will have any power left as it nears 5 minutes .3 . So I waited the 24 hours and then began to try and catch bugs . It 's that time of year that we get a noticeable amount of Box Elder bugs in our home . So , armed with the Bug Vacuum , I set out to capture several bug near our window which is where they like to hang out . First , let me say that the suction of the unit is shameful even when fully charged . With my handheld vac , I can suck up marbles and washers . The Bug Vacuum barely sucked in the first bug I encountered even when tapping the bug and sliding the head of the vac over it several times . Forget about trying to use this device in corners or window ledges or anything else that is not completely flat . Another thing the genius 's did who designed this was to make sure you ca n't take off the large head at the end of the collection tube to reach corners . You can take it off , but since the trap door that prevents the bugs from getting back out is in the large head of the tube , the bugs would just get back out again .4 . The high voltage bug zapper built in is a joke . After I caught a few bugs , even after holding the device straight up and tapping it against the wall to force the bugs down to where the high voltage grid is -- it did n't work ! -LRB- I had to tap the collection tube to force the bugs to the bottom because the fully-charged suction power of the vacuum was incapable of providing enough suction to pull the bugs down . -RRB- I have only heard one zapping sound . The bugs in general crawl around inside the tube . I 'm waiting for them to figure out how to bypass the little flap at the top head part of the tube to get out of the device altogether .5 . Even if you plan to only catch one or two very light weight bugs only on flat surfaces and have the patience to coax the little buggers into the tube , this product is still a complete rip-off . Why the designers did n't copy what has been learned with hand held vacuums is beyond me . I had visions of a super powerful suction device that could suck up multitudes of bugs on any surface and in corners and be able to pull it out any time to catch even more bugs .6 . And , to add insult to injury , expect to have much ridicule laid upon you if you have this thing on your counter where people will see it . To put it delicately , it looks like you have a device charging that you bought at an adult novelty store.I will be returning my unit . I ca n't believe with today 's technology how a company can manufacture something with such poor performance . I hope this review keeps you from making the same bad decision I made .
 This product does not work , I tried this unit on small spiders -LRB- less than an 1/8 '' in size -RRB- and they just crouched down . The unit could not suck them up , and I 'm really trying to get spiders double their size .
 I agree with another reviewer
 This product has very little suction and will not grab the bugs . I do not recommend this product . I could not even get it to grab a dead bug .
 Delivery time was fine . That 's where the good stuff ends.It does n't hold a charge for long ... mine is good for 60 secs tops . Suction is n't very strong ... sometimes you have to coax the critter into the tube . The `` zapper '' does n't always kill ... sometimes it only stuns - so be sure to empty it outside.Would I recommend it ? No ... get a fly-swatter and a roll of papertowels .
 I bought this product for my daughter who is terrified of spiders . Now that she lives away from home she needed something to kill any spiders or bugs in her house.She was very excited to receive this product especially since she would not have to actually try to smash the spiders - they would just be sucked up and fried on the wire mesh!The first spider she tried it on - did not get sucked up as advertised and `` crawled away laughing at her '' - she then had to leave her house until someone could come in and smash it for her . So much for being fearless and independent ...
 item does not do what it is intended for , and does not kill the bugs , bugs can crawl back out of the flap .
 The title says it all . It does n't work . Well , technically it DOES work , but only if you catch a bug by hand and then drop it into the tube to be fried by the little wires . A worthless product .
 The vacunm is not strong enough . The battery life is to short . Needs to have a longer reach . Hope they make a better model .
 This was bought to replace a Lentek BV01 from several years ago . This one unfortunately did not have near the suction power of the old one . The weight on the newer one was significantly less than the old one and therefore I suspect the motor was downsized . A shame , ` cuz the old one really worked well for flies and spiders . Returned to Amazon .
 dont waste money . I got this as a funny gift for a friend who is terrified of spiders and other bugs . Apparently it ca n't handle ANYTHING .
 Although the battery and vacuum are adequate , this product has a severe defect on the zapping the bugs it has sucked in . It rarely zaps , so as a result you have to pull the tube off and smush the bugs manually . Some fly away and others run away very fast . Because the failure to zap is prominent the very spot where the bugs should get zapped fills up and the vacuum reduces because it gets clogged and again you have to manually take tubes off and get some tweezers and pick out the bugs and smush etc. ... just so you can use the bug vacuum again.The bug zapper itself is circular -LRB- so it fits into the circular opening -RRB- and is wedged in at the bottom with a tape wrap that makes it fit in opening but there is nothing to seat the zapper circle against so it seats at an angle at best and if you push zapper it will go farther in hole . Design is poor.Buy this product if you want a decent vacuum with good rechargable battery life but the zapper definately is a must miss.SincerelyHARRAHLentek BV01 Rechargeable Cordless Handheld Bug Vacuum
 This product is ridiculous . It CAN NOT suck up a spider or any other insect that can climb a wall or hang from a ceiling.As someone else said , the vacuum is super weak , gentle breeze at best . I do n't write reviews ever . This is my first one , but I have to warn others . Do not buy this product.I get the feeling someone who feels sorry for insects designed it , to get back at those of us that want to kill them or remove them from our homes . Well you did it . Got my blood pressure up over the sorry fact that I wasted money on this product , and so here 's your review .
 I bought this product and tried to use it but it was not charged . Usually products carry some amount of charge right out of the box but I figured it may have lost this charge prior to my purchasing it . I put the product in its charger stand and plugged it in . The light came on on the charger base . I did n't think about it again until I needed the bug vacuum a couple months later . I went to use it and it did n't turn on . The light continues to be green on the base charger . Unfortunately , I was out too far out from the original purchase to be allowed to return it so I lost all my money on this one . I would recommend not buying this product . It never worked !
 I am very disappointed in this item ... there is not enough suction to get the insect of any kind , thru the shield and up thru the tube . . I tried several different times and several different insects . . I am sorry I spent the money to buy this item . It is just sitting in the corner plugged in . The green light is on . I try it again every once in a while but I get the same disapointing results . I did n't return it because I do n't have the box to put it in , and do n't want to spend the money to but the materials needed to package it up and the postage fee toLentek BV01 Rechargeable Cordless Handheld Bug Vacuummail it back .
 Bought this to suck up fruit flys , flys , spiders , etc. . . I find that even when I trap the bugs in a clear solo cup and cap the cup with the spout of the unit and turn it on , the bugs can fight/resist the power of the vacuum . Horrible item to buy for me as I should have adhered to the more 1 reviews than 5 and not buy it . Now , I just catch and release everything with the solo cup as its quicker to do . Also , I bought the tennis racket bug zapper , and that works great , but could leave dead insects everywhere , so you 'll neeed to clean that up if indoors . Fun to use as well , that racket .
 This device is marginally effective . I have two complaints :1 -RRB- The blue tube does not fasten to the vacuum unit . It just sort of slides on there , and if you 're trying to suck up a bug on the floor , the tube is liable to just fall off , which releases any dead or semi-dead bugs you 've recently sucked up .2 -RRB- The unit is lousy for sucking up multiple bugs . The electrified screen is very small , so once you 've sucked up two or three small-medium sized bugs -LRB- we have box elder beetles -RRB- , no other bugs come into full contact with the electrified screen -LRB- i.e. they do n't die -RRB- because the carcasses of their fallen brethren are in the way . So you end up with a collection of wriggling , angry bugs with maybe , like , a fried leg or two.If you only want to use this gadget for sucking up the occasional moth or spider , I suppose it would work fine , provided you have ample storage space -LRB- it 's about the size of a baseball bat when sitting on the base and extended -RRB- . On the other hand , if you want to suck up 8 or 9 box elder beetles , you 're better off with a vacuum cleaner -LRB- or better yet , a Dyson -RRB- .
 BUYERS BEWARE !!! Save your money and buy a fly swatter . This Bug Vacuum DOES NOT BY ANY SHAPE OF THE IMAGINATION WORK AS DESCRIBED ! It does n't suck in bugs from hard flat surfaces without practically scraping them into the unit . It does n't pick up bugs period from soft or uneven surfaces . On the rare occasion that you actually get a bug into the thing , you have to shake it around to get it into the tiny kill area .
 Got this to combat a winter of too many chinese stinkbugs at our house . Build quality is fine , but the vacuum part is laughably underpowered . If you put the big circular head on it , the suction is so low that it wo n't even pick up a dead bug . If you take the circular thing off , the vacuum can pick up a dead one , but a live bug can easily hold on for dear life . Once you get a couple of bugs in the thing , the pathetic suction reduces even more . I returned it and will be on the look out for a dustbuster with a long attachment to replace it .
 This does n't even pick up dead flies ! Lot of money for something that does n't work at all .
 Can only hold -LRB- and kill -RRB- one bug at a time . Can not vacuum a spider from a rug .
 This is a piece of junk . It loses power very quickly and does not have any sucking power . Instead of wasting $ 40 on this , put it towards the Cost of a Dyson handheld . You wo n't be sorry !
 This bug catcher is not very useful . It has very little suction , so many bugs do n't get sucked into the tube . Also , the ones that do get sucked into the tube are then sucked against an electrical grid and shocked , which results in the device blowing out air that smells like burned bugs . A small portable vacuum cleaner is more effective and pleasant .
 Well this does not work well at all . Basically the extendable tubes that come out of the barely `` flexible '' tubing leak gas ! When firing it up for the first time , I knew something did n't sound right and the flames were very weak . Out of curiousity for a leak I placed a lit burner under the grill at the place where the solid extandable tubes come out of the flexible lengths and the tubing lit up from leaking gas ! Unfortnately I had thrown the packaging away and so I am sure can not return it for a refund . So be warned ! This is nasty made in china rubbish ! Do n't go near it !
 Complete junk . It is super cheap . The plastic is so thin that with a few snowfalls , it split apart and is now useless . Do n't buy the cheap one , it will cost you in the end . Also , the other reviews only say they just got it . Mine did not last a few months . In short , do n't buy .
 I got this grill cover from a local store known for selling cheap stuff , so I was n't expecting greatness , just enough to cover it for the winter . When I installed it , it did n't cover the full height of the grill , leaving a good 12-18 '' exposed on the bottom . Worse , still , less than a month after installation , one side of the cover has worn through where the handle of the grill is ! Spend the extra money on a good grill .
 This has got to be the worst gas grille cover I have ever bought . The cheap plastic cover started to rip almost before I put it on the grille . After being on 1 month it is ripped so bad I need to throw away.My next move is to try and return . Stay away from this lousy product !
 I do n't feel compelled to review items very often , but this one is so bad that I feel I need to warn others . I guess I do live in a fairly windy place -LRB- Draper , UT -RRB- , but this cover started ripping within 2 weeks , so it can hardly withstand anything . At first I used duct tape on the rips , but within a couple of months it was pretty much hopeless . After four months the whole thing was just shreds , so I threw it away and ordered a more expensive cover .
 Unfortunately this cover did n't make it through the winter . The wind and snow pretty much shredded it after a few months . I 've gone with a bit more durable one now .
 I purchased this garden border for my brand new back yard thinking it would add a European/Parisian element -LRB- I went with the white border -RRB- . Unfortunately , after setting them up my garden looked hokey and cheap ... far from the goal.Installing these things was a real pain . They 're 100 % plastic and if your land is n't perfectly flat , installation is a total pain in the a $ $ -LRB- my yard does not consist of rolling hills , but small natural lumps in the soil -RRB- . They bend , they break and connecting them together is an annoying exercise.If I had to do it all over again , I 'd spend the money on something metal or made of aluminum , etc. . The quality here was really disappointing ... b/c I would n't gripe about install if it looked good in the end . You get what you pay for folks .
 This bag is too small for the Colemman ProCat Catalytic Heater.I was lead to believe it would accept all Coleman Heaters but this is not correct.A larger Carry Case Bag is needed for the ProCat Heater .
 First
 This is the wrong bag for the Pro Cat heater and does not fit . Amazon should remove it from the Pro Cat page and not sell them as a package . If you buy the heater , you will need to return this item . The picture is also misleading as the fabric is cheap canvas and nothing like what is pictured .
 I just bought this case for the heater and wow it is TOO BIG ! The little heater just gets put inside but there is nothing to keep it from banging into the base and the propane bottles . The case has two corner holders for propane bottles but nothing to hold the heater . Your heater and base may get damaged if you use it without some extra packing materials . I am using cardboard and bubble wrap to keep it all snug inside . This Heater needs a hard case . I hate sending things back so it will have to work . I guess it is better than not having a case . I camp all year round in my VW Pop Top .
 This might be a good case for some Coleman heaters , but not for the Pro Cat series . I bought the case together with my Pro Cat as it was an Amazon recommendation for the Pro Cat . When the products arrived , I was very disappointed to discover that there was no way the Pro Cat would fit in the bag , which was much too small . While the bag may be ok -LRB- it 's nicely padded and the workmanship appears reasonably good -RRB- , it is useless for the recommended purpose of carrying the Pro Cat . I did not return it , thinking I could certainly find some other use for it ; it 's still in the closet . Amazon should NOT recommend this bag for the Pro Cat heater .
 Given you need sunshades to look directly at this lantern , you 'd expect that it would light up a room or campsite - but instead it just sits there , blindingly bright , attracting ever insect within a quarter mile , dispersing little to no surrounding light whatsoever.So it 's back to the old reliable coleman lanterns for me : -RRB-
 These mousetraps are not packaged `` new '' . They are just the mousetraps placed in a box . it is not clear if they are recycled , cleaned , etc. as I thought I was getting new mousetraps packaged as individual traps or possibly 2 or 4 per pack .
 Bought this because of all the storm we were getting our power kept going out.Read the review and description it looked perfect , bought it and put thebatteries in and it 's nice . Turned it off and put it away and 3 week later goto turn it on and it lit for about 30 sec.So I guess you ca n't put the batteries in until you are readyto use it .
 This lantern was to replace the previous Coleman that died for no reason . This one arrived broken , shedding a faint blue light no brighter than a candle . Coleman material says contact them . They have limited phone hours . The e-mail to customer service went unanswered . I did get through by phone several days later and the nice lady at Coleman did ship a replacement bulb and then everything was fine . They finally answered the e-mail 31 days later and asked that the lantern be shipped back to them . Not even clear who pays return shipping .
 both my wife and I tried and tried to get the lantern to work . perhaps the batterys we were using were to old
 This lantern is NOT weather resistant , whatever the product description might say . I left it out in a not very-heavy rain overnight . The next night , the light would n't turn on and I gave up . A couple of days later I opened the base and found that the base was full of water and the batteries and copper contact points had corroded . One of the copper points broke off , rendering the lantern useless . I called Coleman support to request a replacement base -- because the only thing wrong is one broken contact -- and was told they had discontinued that part . So , my only option is to throw the lantern away and buy a new one . I can promise that the replacement wo n't be a Coleman lantern .
 It takes 8 D batteries and the lantern only runs for about 10 hours on high , not 18 like it claims . Also the clear plastic shield for the light scratches easy enough to scratch it with your fingernail on accident . I would suggest a propane lantern if your looking to light up your camp at night , cheaper and brighter . I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 because it will make a decent tent light until it gets too scratched up .
 I bought this bag and the first time that I used it my toes unexpectedly popped through the zipper ! I 'm 5 ' 7 '' ... the bag barely fit my height . The zipper was shoddily made and broke beyond hope of repair . However , the bag does have a 5 year guarantee , I hope that my bag will be fixed !
 Bought two of these - 1 to keep and 1 to give away - to be used for emergency lighting . Took them out of the box two + months after purchase and neither worked . Could n't get a return authorization from Amazon so called Coleman , only to get a run-around from them . I 'm out over $ 80 for the two and very unhappy .
 I could find no dimensions in the listing , and as it turned out , it was much smaller than I had wanted .
 I expected much more light than it puts out . Initial installation of the D cell batteries required bending of the inside prongs .
 This Coleman lantern is made in china from some cheap plastic , hope it 's not toxic . Anyway , why have two settings , you ca n't tell the difference between the two . Coleman does not make lanterns like they used to anymore . I could probably pick up one similar from a nearby sweetmeat for less than 10 buck .
 I purchased this lantern about 2 years ago for a camping trip . It worked as expected and received very light use . I stored it safely away in the original packaging . Fast forward to today -LRB- 2012 -RRB- and an impending hurricane on it 's way to NY . The battery pack lights up green -LRB- indicating a full charge -RRB- when trying to charge it , but the lamp wo n't turn on when not plugged in to the wall . I recommend you seek out better products from brands that wo n't let you down when you need them .
 HELLO PEOPLE , I believe that what is in `` Writing/print '' on the merchandise box `` should be Accurate . '' This Coleman lantern is made durable , and for the most part provides acceptable lighting . However , I found that the designated run time , and the actual to be as different as Night and Day ! USING 2 SETS OF BRAND NEW AKALINE EVERYREADY BATTERIES ... I set out to `` Test the constant run time of this lantern . '' To my Surprise , the lantern batteries went Dead just between 4 and 41/2 hrs . of constant run time ! This would only be apx . 1/4 to 1/3 RUN-TIME ... COMPARED TO THE FINE PRINT ON THE COLEMAN MERCHANDISE BOX ! Just like the OLD saying goes
 This `` rugged '' lantern arrived with scratches in the plastic bulb enclosure . The scratched area is about the size of a quarter . This `` rugged '' lantern seems pretty flimsy to me . Coleman appears to be unworthy of its past reputation .
 the collapsible mechanism is too weak and it does n't seem as bright as you 'd expect . Buy something else .
 I must admit I am pretty letdown with this purchase . Reminds me of something that would be 1/4 the price . Ca n't really tell much difference between the different settings . Do yourself a favor and go buy a Mag-Lite .
 Unless I was shipped dead batteries , these things give out next to no light . I would not even call it light ... the LED is barely strong enough to illuminate the green plastic . Maybe in pitch black you could see it from a few feet away but forget about finding your campsite through the trees . Save your money . I 'm a fan of other coleman products but this one is worthless .
 Not very bright for an LED . AND , guess what ? This is about 21/2 inches long if it is standing on its tippy-toes ! Given the picture shows a spike on it , one could have the impression that it is big enough to spike into the ground and mark a trail or something ... well , the spike is more like a thumbtack.I realize the images are provided by the manufacturer , so I do n't blame Amazon - but there is NO excuse for not accurately listing the actual size of this .
 These really are super tiny . I think they would only be of use for campsite marking if you attached them to the top of your tent or the car antenna of a nearby vehicle . Of course , if you have something as big as a vehicle near your campsite , you probably do n't need these.However , I could see them being useful in a group of people , if you were hiking late at night and without any headlamps . Attach one to the leader 's backpack for ease of tracking them in the darkness .
 Not very bright for an LED . AND , guess what ? This is about 21/2 inches long if it is standing on its tippy-toes ! Given the picture shows a spike on it , one could have the impression that it is big enough to spike into the ground and mark a trail or something ... well , the spike is more like a thumbtack.I realize the images are provided by the manufacturer , so I do n't blame Amazon - but there is NO excuse for not accurately listing the actual size of this .
 First item on amazon I have been disappointed by . The hammer fell apart after one use . Do not buy . Literally hammered in one stake before the top of the hammer fell off - looks substantial in the image but did not hold up for me .
 Of the items in this pack only the dustpan and brush along with the stakes are any good.The hammer broke almost immediately when I was banging my first stake and the stake puller bends easily.I would recommend just buying items separately .
 I use this kit this weekend and when i was setting up the tent is work good . But when I was pulling out the pages from the ground with the tool i was given in the kit the plastic on the pages broke . I had 2 pages broke . I do not recommend you buy this item .
 This package from Coleman , consisting of a small broom and dustpan , four aluminum stakes , a rubber-headed mallet and a stake remover.I did not have a chance to use any of the item except for the mallet . The mallet 's head flew off after the second hit againist the spike . I took the head and the handle and put it away to return it.I was disappointed because the concept is a good idea .
 If you plan on camping in places where you have fresh sod and soft dirt , these might work . I do n't camp in the back yard , so when I took it to a sand based camping area just off a lake in Utah , the rubber mallet broke while I was pounding the first stake in . The plastic piece attached to the stake also failed on 2 of the 4 stakes when I pulled them out . Stakes themselves are pretty good but the rest of this kit is just plain cheap crap .
 The rubber mallet and stakes are good . They both worked more than adequately even in the rocky ground where first used . Remainder of the items are really not worth the price . Broom/pan are really small and cheap plastic . Stake puller may be OK in softer ground , but easily bent the first time it was used pulling stakes . Should say , though , that stakes were driven in pretty rocky ground and rather hard to pull , so puller may work OK in softer ground . Overall , item is probably overpriced for what you get .
 I 'm sure that this is a handy kit to have . The tent stakes are much sturdier than the ones that came with my tent . For me , they also arrived pre-rusted -- a significant amount of rust covering most of the metal surfaces on all 4 stakes.For what I paid for the item plus 2-day shipping , I 'd prefer to rust my own stakes . These are going back . = M =
 Nice kit but we needed more spikes and the plastic tops to the spikes broke while I was trying to remove them from the ground . The claw to help remove them did not work well .
 buy yourself a mallot and a small dust broom/pan , the stakes work , but if you get in something deep , you 're gon na break the plastic and the stake puller bent . I 'm keeping the mallot and the dust pan , trashing everything else . And the mesh bag gets caught on the brisiles of the broom .
 This kit seems like a decent idea . While some of it is , the stakes -LRB- specifically the tops -RRB- just do n't hold up.The spike part of the stakes is fine . However if you 're just a hair off the cheap plastic tops will snap off in a heartbeat . Whether staking down or pulling out.To be honest , the generic , full plastic stakes that came with the tent held up better . They may not last real long , but for how quick these can break you can buy a couple buckets of the general plastic ones.Naturally if you are camping in more rugged environments , you 'll be spending the extra money for the really good stakes . However for the general use car camper , I 'd look past this set and load up on the cheaper , heavier plastic ones . The lack of quality in the hook/eye portion of the stakes with this kit just are n't worth the price .
 This might be useful for someone who has never camped before and does n't have a broom , a claw hammer , or access to a Wal-mart store . Go to Wal-mart and buy some tent stakes to replace those bent wires that came with the tent , buy a cheap broom and shorten the handle , get a cheap dust pan , and use your hammer to pound and pull the tent stakes .
 not much you can say about cleaning supplys for camping it is what they claim but the tent spikes make it worth it
 Bought this mainly for the stakes and stake puller . Needed more heavy duty stakes for my Coleman Sundome tent . Stakes will hold your tent down like a rock . Unfortunately , the stake puller is too weak to pull them out of the ground . The plastic top of the stake will also break when trying to get these out . The stake puller is simply a metal -LRB- aluminum maybe ? -RRB- rod bent to a W shape with a handle on one end . It will get a stake out of soft wet ground , but will bend in drier harder soil . I 'm not talking rocky soil , the stakes went into the ground with the help of the rubber hammer that comes with the kit . Getting them out first bent the puller , then broke the plastic end of the stake , finally required a camp shovel .
 If you are thinking about purchasing this tent kit , you might want to consider the following : - The 10-inch tent stakes are nice -LRB- good for dirt but if you camp on the beach you 'll want even longer stakes -RRB- , but these stakes are also available separately in 4-packs for about $ 4 -LRB- $ 1 per stake -RRB- and then you get get 4 or 8 or however many you actually need . - The stake puller is nice , but you could honestly make something that would work just as well out of a coat hanger -LRB- for hooking the stake -RRB- and a screwdriver -LRB- to have something better to grab onto -RRB- . It 's probably only worth about $ 2 of the price of this kit . - The dust pan and brush could also be bought at many dollar stores or hardware stores for $ 1 or $ 2 . - The mallet is a standard rubber mallet -LRB- again , available at most dollar stores for $ 1 -RRB- - All that adds up to about $ 9 total if you purchased it all separately . The only thing left is the bag , and this is my biggest complaint . The only reason I can think of for making it a mesh bag is to help reduce rusting by allowing the stakes to dry completely . But here 's the trade off
 I am really supprised that Coleman put thier name on this kit . Well , sorry two pieces in this kit . What I am talking sbout is what they call a dust pan and dust broom . These items should be included in a childs tent kit . The dust pan dose n't even measure 5 '' X 5 '' . Same with the dust broom , if that is what it is . The mallot seems to be really sturdy and well made . The tent stakes seem alright considering they have a plastic top . We will see how the stake puller works when I tear down the tent ... update commimg . All in all I am not really happy with this kit , but I guess it is Ok for the price .
 The mallet broke the first day . I like Coleman products but I 'll never order something like this from them again .
 Okay so this little item was cheap but ... Pros : Heavy duty metal in stakes.Nice little removal tool.Cons : Plastic heads on stakes spin and slide on stake shafts . -LRB- They do n't feel like they will last very long -RRB- Bag is mesh and the broom gets stuck when putting it in or out , a pain.Only 4 stakes . -LRB- I know , I know that is what is pictured . But if your buying a tent at the same time it might catch you off guard . Just sayin ... -RRB- Hammer kind of on the lighter side . -LRB- If you have hard surface might be a problem -RRB- I would just go buy stakes at the store next time .
 This is nice , but the hammer head started to spin after the first use . This kit does n't come with enough stakes for the entire tent , so make sure that you buy extra .
 Seriously , it stinks . The head of the mallet is made of plastic that smells absolutely horrible . I did n't even take it out of the packaging . This will definitely be returned !
 Not worth the money . Everything is made poorly . The head of the hammer came off , the broom Brussels fell out , the stakes are short . Not worth 3 dollars . Do n't buy
 My husband bought me 2 of these feeders for my birthday . They worked ok . the Hummingbirds used them , but not as much as my others . Mine faded the first season and the words on the outside washed of first thing , which could be a good thing.I was looking through a hummingbird web site and found that these feeders are death traps for the little guys and they had a picture of one of its victims . They said if you modify them , they are useable . To modify , First , from the bottom side of the feeder lid , re-drill each port hole outward at a 45 degree angle . Next , cut or grind the nipple from the underside . If you do n't have a grinder , simply used a razor blade to cut down through the nipple at a 45 degree angle . To me it 's not worth the risk to my little friends and I should n't have to mess around with modifying something before I use it .
 I received these as a gift from my boys for Christmas and was able to use them for the time when I went to the Broncos vs Ravens playoff game . When I got to the stadium parking lot , 1 of the 2 flags had broken off somewhere along the 25 mile drive . Now I 'm debating whether to even use the other flag at all next year .
 There were no written instructions in the box for this item . It is so lightweight that a small breeze will blow it away . The seams ripped the first time it was put up . It was a complete waste of money . DO NOT LET THE EDDIE BAUER NAME FOOL YOU !! There is no quality in this item . A trash bag and some sticks would be more sturdy !
 We bought this item for a BMX Qualifier race . We went to put the first leg on the ground and the seam totally ripped !! We were so disappointed ! DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM !!! Easy Ups are a much better way to go and the other review was absolutely correct ... this Eddie Bauer item is really flimsy !! If youdo n't anchor the whole thing down ... away it goes !!! For the money it 's a total rip-off !! I would n't have even given this one star , but I did n't have a choice.MichelleTitusville , PA
 We bought this gazebo because we were getting ready to go to the beach and wanted to have this to put up on the beach for some shade . We got it home and put it up in the backyard so that we could see just how easy it would be and how long it would take . The gazebo was so flimsy we could hardly get it to stand up straight ! We knew if there were even the slightest breeze it would fall down and we could hardly plan on taking it to use at the beach !! I plan on trying to return it and getting my money back . I thought we could trust the Eddie Bauer name !!
 You never shipped it to me . Apparently it got damaged and could not be replaced.I do n't understand why you want me to review something yu did not ship .
 I HAVE BOUGHT SIX PLANTS FROM HIRTS GARDENS . ONE WAS INFESTED WITH MEALY BUGS & THRIPS , 2 WERE SENT BENT , BROKEN DUE TO NOT PACKING THE PLANT CORRECTLY , MOST OF THEM HAD BROWN DRY LEAVES AND EVEN LEAF SPOTS . IVE POSTED THIS REVIEW BEFORE AND I RECEIVED AN EMAIL FROM HIRTS STATING PLEASE REMOVE MY REVIEW CAUSE IT HURTS THERE BUSINESS , I WASNT EVEN OFFERED AN APOLOGY ON ANY OF THE ISSUES . THEN I NOTICE THAT HIRTS SOME HOW HAS DELETED ALL OF THE NEGATIVE COMMENTS ON SOME PLANTS THAT I POSTED BUT HAVE NOT DELETED THE POSITIVE COMMENTS ON THE OTHER PLANTS . SO THIS IS WHY THEY HAVE SO MANY FIVE STARS BECAUSE THEY ARE TAKING OUT THE NEGATIVE COMMENTS WE AS CUSTOMERS POST . -LRB- VERY DISHONEST OF HIRTS GARDEN -RRB-
 I found the identical item priced $ 4 less than the price I paid on amazon . Plus , I would n't have paid the ridiculous shipping fee , another $ 4 . What a rip-off !
 The assembly was fairly easy except that it is so light weight and flimsy that it fell over when assembling -LRB- It was not a windy day -RRB- . When it fell over the metal bent and broke irrepairably !! It is just made really cheaply . I have returned the item which was a hassle in and of itself and am haggling for my refund . I finally had to file a claim with Amazon and they are the ones reimbursing me . I would not recommend this gazebo or this company to anyone !!!
 I 've had this feeder for less than a year and I have to replace it . I took it down to clean it and the bottom part that keeps the seed in is broken and will not fit tightly back in . The only cheaply made part of this feeder is that part but it 's pretty important !
 We 've used a similar design before , and it works well . The `` upside down '' feeding largely ensures only goldfinches will use it , and they tend to fly in and out , without hanging around the backyard deck leaving a mess . Our last feeder lasted over ten years ; this will last six months . The greatest defect is the flimsiness of the main tube . It has to hold all the niger seeds ; keep the perch bars in place and prevent them from spinning when the birds rotate ; hold the bar that the unit hangs from ; and securely keep the bottom `` v '' in place , which keeps the seeds from falling out , yet must occasionally be removed for cleaning . But this tube is such a thin plastic that it will never hold up under the sunlight and weather ; its flexibility allows for too much movement of the stationary parts ; and it it surely wo n't be an impediment for other animals . Mine arrived warped , and the small tabs of the `` v '' would not engage the tube 's cutouts . The slightest flexing of the tube caused the `` v '' to disengage , causing the seeds to fall out . About 1 '' beneath the `` v '' there are two additional holes in the tube at the bottom of the unit -LRB- as for another perch -RRB- and as a fix I inserted a dowel and cut a piece of wood to make up the gap to the bottom of the `` v '' . That should hold it in place ... for as long as the tube itself holds up . I 'm not hopeful.In short , look for a feeder using this design , but avoid this product .
 It 's fun to watch the goldfinches turn upside down to get the seed , while the purple finches are confounded by their inability to get their meal . But the feeder has an inane design . The bottom of the feeder - which has to support about 2 lbs of seed - is a flimsy piece of plastic held in place merely by small , short tabs that insert into slots in the cylindrical body of the feeder . As soon as the feeder deforms at all in the sun , the tabs slip and the bottom falls out . Along with all the seed . It is n't hard to fix by drilling four holes and weaving in thin wire for extra support -LRB- thus two stars instead of one -RRB- , but whoever designed this should be sent back to kindergarten .
 If you 're bothered by squirrels stealing bird feed , DO N'T BUY THIS FEEDER ! The squirrels ate out the bottom of this one in just the first day it was up . Emptied the whole bottom section . Do not buy unless you can position it in a squirrel-proof location .
 After setting the trigger mechanism , it was so tight that a block of hardwood would not set it off . In order to set the trigger it took a needle nose plier to bend it the way it should have been at the factory . I have used live traps , like this one , for over 35 years . I should have sent it back , but I needed it right away . The cage also rusted in spots after 3 days .
 After contact with the manufacturer and receiving additional helpful instruction , my rating goes from 1 star to three stars . -LRB- When I received these traps there were absolutely NO INSTRUCTIONS INCLUDED with the cages ABOUT ANYTHING
 Trying to remove squirrels vice killing . Went the cheap route with this trap and yes the price reflects the quality . Terrible customer service , but eventually did process return . Do n't buy cheap trap .
 I have had a positive experience with Gilmour . Gilmour 's 20 Series Platinum 8 Ply Flexogen Hose 5/8 Inch is an excellent piece of equipment . Their Advanced Oscillating Sprinkler is not . It never functioned correctly right out of the box . It 's called advanced but the parts that matter are cheap plastic . Buyer beware .
 Product came damaged . The welds were broken in several areas , and the unit was twisted . Because this item was hard to find I had it rewelded and straighten at s professional shop . Bottom line it cost me $ 50.00 more .
 Take care if considering this unit for use in cold conditions -LRB- it seemed to work fine when tested at room temperature -RRB- . Note , the pamphlet which came with the stove says that if fuel spills out below the burner when starting , turn off the fuel valve . I have been using the earlier version -LRB- 440 -RRB- of this unit for about 20 years for snow shoeing and winter camping -LRB- -10 to 10 F and much lower on occasion -RRB- for at least 20 years without a problem . I generally consider Coleman products well designed and constructed . I recently replaced the 440 stove -LRB- pump gave out -RRB- with the 533 unit . On a recent trip , the new stove -LRB- on three occasions -RRB- spilled fuel below the burner . In the third case , it became engulfed in flames and the fuel supply could not be turned off because of the flames . I used a shovel to pick it up and shove it into a snow bank . Amazon was contacted , and when I detailed the above , they refunded my money and asked that I dispose of the stove . Amazon is first class . I contacted Coleman afterwards , `` they claim that this difference is due to a larger fuel tank and heating paste is required in cold weather . '' I was using paste in all three cases , and only once required same with the older 440 stove -LRB- -30 F -RRB- .
 If you buy this stove , please stick with Coleman fuel . If you use gasoline , plan on the generator tube clogging up in a VERY short time , leaving you with an expensive paperweight.Yes , it 's dual fuel , as long as you do n't really expect it to operate very long before dying .
 Y para colmo de males en mi pa&iacute;s Guatemala , no venden el Keroseno , por consiguiente es una mala inversi&oacute;n . Dice dual fuel , y no ha funcionado ni con alcohol de quemar , ni diesel !!!
 i just got mine used it for about a month . worked great , east to light and use . no probs there . why i give it the 2 stars is because i used unleaded gas in it for that month , which it says u can -LRB- the reason it cost a few bucks more -RRB- . i only used premium . but i guess what ppl are saying is that unleaded gas is dirty and plugs it up . which mine did in about a month . Its a easy fix but still why sell something that says duel fuel if the other fuel kills it . i just think that coleman needs to fix this or just not say its duel fuel anymore
 New ? Corroded and rusted . Poor condition . My 30 year old stove looked better ! No one inspected . This should never have been sent out !
 I had to use gasoline in this in a pinch and the generator got plugged up . I just purchased this and they are discontinued and they no longer sell the generator for this model . BS if you ask me . Of course it is past the return period so I am stuck with a useless pos for $ 50 . I could have just made a penny stove out of cans and had the same result only difference is the penny stove would still be working . Boo Coleman .
 Ok , not sure about all the 4 & 5 star ratings on this product . I 've owned both the Coleman model 533 and the model 553 , it 's ` big brother ' , and neither are impressive . They lack fine mid-range temperature control , versus the Feather 400 model , are quite temperamental to cold-starts unless on high and kept on high during the cook . The smaller tank on the 533 model means more frequent in-meal pumping of the fuel tank , and do n't dare DREAM of burning gasoline in the stove , regardless what the sales marketing says - because there are NUMEROUS COLEMAN WARNINGS inside the box of what it will do to your stove and its generator ... they REALLY do n't want you burning unleaded gasoline in their multi-fuel stove -LRB- hey , Coleman , do n't make sure a big deal out of it in the box paperwork , if you are going to sell it as an intentional dual-fuel stove in the marketing phase , ok ? -RRB- Overall , it is dependable to fire and burn , but hey , so are a few sticks of wood - and it is about as controllable for a fire as two sticks burning . It is what it is , cheap . You can do better with an Optimus or MSR all-fuel stove . Why do n't you check them out first , most of them pack smaller , burn better , and are built MUCH better ... and if you get their multi-fuels , they do n't warn you to death not to burn multi-fuels in it , they merely tell you how to properly service it after you have . What a concept . Coleman products have become a money grabbing , poor-quality fiasco in modern times . I do not recommend the 533 or the 553 stoves , as a result of this showing in both products .
 I recently purchased a Coleman grill but did n't want to have the hassles of changing the bottles all the time , so beings it was going to be my home grill , I decided to us a 20lb tank and get the adapter hose for it . I saw that Coleman sold a hose , and I figured it 's by Coleman for Coleman grills , so that 's the safe bet . Boy , was I wrong ! . I got the hose and everything looked good . Connected it to the tank , -LRB- is screws counter-clockwise , inside of the valve on the tank , vice connecting on the outside threads -RRB- , and grill , and everything appreared to be fine , until I went to light the grill . No gas was being sent to the burners . I disconnected everything , inspected the hose and couplers , and everything apprear to be in working order . Reconnected the hose , turned on the gas and still , no gas to the burners . Having not used the grill yet , I thought there could be a problem with the regulator on the grill , so I hooked up a 1lb bottle of propane to the grill and the grill worked fine !!! For some reason , the hose/coupler on this particular hose does not work with all 20lb tanks . I went to the local home inprovement center , and bought the Bernzomatic hose , that attaches to the outside threads of tank valve and it works as advertised . If you have a Coleman grill and want to use a 20lb tank , I would not recommend that you waste your time buying this hose . Get another brand and you 'll be happier . Amazon was great in the transaction though . They took the hose back , no questioned asked . Thanks Amazon !!
 Feels weak and no doubt made of cheap parts . I do n't even use it anymore because I think it leaks propane . Used it about 10 times before deciding it was n't worth the risk . If anyone knows of a sturdier and higher quality replacement , please leave your comment to this post .
 I guess mine was defective . It did n't work . I tried connecting then unconnecting . Tried a different lp cylinder . It just did n't work with the grill -LRB- Cuisinart cgg200 -RRB- . In fairness it does say on the box to use only with Coleman products however it does n't say that in the description . I ca n't see how it would work exclusively with coleman products or how it did n't work at all seeing as how it seems like a relatively straight forward piece of hardware . Anywho , it went back to amazonland for a refund . I ran to the local hardware store and they had a hose that works .
 I recently purchased the Paul Jr. . Special Edition Coleman Roadtrip Grill . Rather than use the small portable propane canisters that Coleman sells , I wanted to get a hose and adapter to attach to a 20 lb propane tank . Despite the description of the product saying that it 's designed to fit Coleman Roadtrip Grills , it was not able to attach to mine ! So if you have the Paul Jr. , do n't get this product ! The vendor I bought it from , GearStuff , was great about the return . I emailed them to explain the problem . After getting a return authorization number , I sent it back and Amazon/GearStuff not only refunded the cost of the product but the shipping , too !
 I ordered the Coleman High-Pressure Propane Hose and Adapter for my new Coleman Gas grill . I then went to a local Lowe 's and purchased a large full tank of gas -LRB- Rhino , a standard brand -RRB- , as I was going to leave the grill on my deck and not take it anywhere . I asked my nephew to connect the gas , as he does LOTS of grilling at his home . There is no way the end that connects to the tank of gas fits the gas cannister . It will NOT attach , and therefore I had to send my nephew back to Lowe 's to get the small cannisters of gas so we could continue with our cookout . I 'm going to send this thing back . It says it attaches to all types of gas cannisters , so I have no clue as to why it would not hook onto the Rhino tank . I 'm upset !
 OMG !!! The end that goes to the 15/20lb tank has to be tightened COUNTER CLOCKWISE !!! Good thing I read that one guy 's review about that.Yes , it fits great . Hope this helps someone frustrated like I was .
 In its web page , it says to work with the model of Colman portable stove . But it does not at all . It is misleading information in its web description . I returned it to amazon .
 I purchased this to go with my Coleman Roadtrip grill . I should have tried it before I went camping Memorial Day weekend . The needle valve in the end that connects to the regulator was so far down inside the fitting that the stem on the regulator would not push it in , thus having to resort back to expensive 1lb . throw aways for the weekend . Very dissapointing for a Coleman product . Amazon was fantastic with the return .
 Had this for over a year now . Bought it to connect my Cuisinart CGG-200 to Blue Rhino Propane tank . On a full tank , this hose works great . Recently , the pressure seems to have dropped resulting in weak flames . Since it was working previously , I did n't suspect the hose and thought it was my tank . -LRB- but switching tank did n't help -RRB- . I thought it was the grill inlet or burner being blocked but both appeared to be fine too after inspection.I deduced something could be blocking in the hose . Air/water/whatever ? I never did figure that out but my only option was to find a way to clear the hose passageway . I turned on the grill and let it burn -LRB- irregular and weak flames -RRB- . While burning , I turned off the propane tank and let the grill burn up the remaining gas in the hose until the flame died . I then turn on the propane tank and let it fill up the hose again and repeatedly ignite the burner . This approach works ! So was it a lousy hose or was it due to elements caused by the varying weather since my grill is out in the yard 24x7 ? Anyhow , clearing the hose appears to solve the problem for me multiple times.If the hose is still working , why then did I rate it as 2-star ? It 's because I do n't think a propane hose should require any maintenance at all . Just like a garden hose , it should behave as expected and not require workaround . I 'm planning to get a different brand hose and see if such problem persist . If it does n't , this rating should drop to 1-star .
 I bought this hose with a coleman stove . The stove works fine on 1lb propane bottles . The stove will not work with this hose and a 20lb propane tank . The hose is installed correctly , but gas will not flow between the hose and stove . I can hear the gas flow between hose and 20lb tank . Hose is also poor build quality , having a cheap plastic hand screw for connection to the propane tank .
 does not work as the description says it does ! This leaked badly on my propane tank . I will be sending it back to amazon . I bought another one from home depot and it ended up working fine .
 Did n't really think buying a hose would be an issue , it 's simply connecting a propane tank to a grill , however this hose manages to not work . Was only getting partial pressure and the grill would get partially warm but not hot enough to cook on . Bought a replacement hose from a different manufacturer and problem solved , full gas pressure using all the same equipment . Might have to do with the fact that it 's a male connector that goes into the tank , as opposed to the female on my new hose , but who knows .
 I bought this in Jan. 2012 . Started using it in May by Sept. the adapters quit working while I was on a camping trip . As amazon is the only place I can find the adapter at a reasonable price-I 'm buying two this time .
 Do not buy , does not come with Bulk Adapter , and is very poorly made . not recommended at all ... ...
 When hooking a century propane tree to a coleman stove the hose I received would n't let enough gas through to run both burners while using a lantern on top of the tree . I ordered the century 8ft hose and it works fine -LRB- both burners on the coleman stove and a lantern -RRB-
 It 's tempting to buy this screened room because of it 's size and price . But , do n't forget quality ! The poles will crimp very easily at the corners and I 'm sure they -LRB- 2 of them -RRB- would have snapped but I tossed it in the garbage before they had a chance to break . Also , the `` insta clip '' is terrible . The ends of the poles have a metal strip that snaps into a hub at the center . Assembly is not a big deal but when you 're ready to take it down watch out ! The clips are supposed to pull out without a problem . NOT . I struggled with the help of 3 people the first time I used this `` insta clip '' with all of us sweating to pull the poles out from the hub . It was very difficult and I ca n't believe I kept this as long as I did -LRB- 2 seasons -RRB- . Overall , this screened room is designed poorly and is not meant to last . There are better screened rooms out there ! Stay away from this one !
 I found this product to be a disappointment . We have had our tent for 2 months . The legs are flimsy at the joints , I had to replace 4 of 6 after a wind storm knocked the tent over . It was staked on all corners . The top of the tent collects rain water instead of shedding it . This results in water dumping on anyone opening the screen flap . Several of the clip tabs are showing wear and I expect them to rip before the seasone ends .
 We got this tent to replace a very old and leaky tent since we now have a son who is 3 . We wanted to ensure a dry and happy camping experience with him so we selected this tent . I think the nicest thing we can say about this is Amazon expedited its return efficiently.It appears this made-in-china tent did not pass through the waterproofing process . We had 2 hours of very light , almost mist-like rain . All 4 corners leaked and when I entered the tent , water was coming straight through the walls and running to the floor-I honestly have never seen such a poor product and we are disappointed that Coleman quality has sunk so low . We will NOT buy another Coleman tent . My wife now is very reluctant to go camping and my son does n't understand why camping beds are like sponges ...
 I bought this tent for Christmas and had 4 successful weekend outings on the North California coast with my 3-year old son . We really loved the roomy interior that you can use from corner to corner . The tent is stereo-symmetric but came with mismatched poles , so that one side was lower in height than the other by several inches , but it still worked fine . However , the tent had a catastrophic collapse one windy day where half of the poles -LRB- made of thin rolled steel tubing -RRB- suddenly sheared under the strain and of course , the tent went down . Luckily we were all outside and it was still light , so we packed the wreckage and went home . It 's still a nice tent for the price , but you should consider heading to a motel rather than gambling a windy night in this one . I will find out if Coleman will replace the poles under warranty -LRB- Update - after I contacted Coleman , they picked up the tent for free and gave me a full refund on the purchase price ; so I must say their customer service is stellar in case you get a bad one : - -RRB-
 I was very pleased with this product and used it about 10 times before the part that plugs into the cigarette lighter cracked . I managed to get a couple more uses out of it until the plastic quite literally crumbled . The housing of the pump itself is fairly well constructed but the plug is ridiculously poor quality , so I suggest using it gently . I 'm still looking for a replacement but do not recommend this product at this price .
 The description says it 'll inflate a boat but I think they mean a pool toy because it did n't even come close to inflating mine . I returned it and bought a manual river boat pump and in a few strokes it gets more air in than 15mins of using this tiny , whining motor . I am glad it did n't work because I did n't want to endure that noise early in the morning at camp LOL ! I would n't rely on it for an airbed .
 I bought this pump for my Sea Eagle SE-9 inflatable boat after reading some reviews here about the product . When I got it , I was very excited and even thinking that I would never need the old foot pump anymore . Surprise ! I plugged it in , put the tube into the boat , 30 minutes later the darn thing was still going . It makes more noise than anything else with very little inflating to show for it . After I realized that this pump might run my car battery dry causing even more pain , I decided to pull the plug and you guessed it ... yup , I am back on the old foot pump , which did the job in 15 minutes with a little bit of muscle power . So , would I recommend this product to other buyers ? Well , if you are going to use it to inflate a small beach ball , soccer ball or a small inflatable bed , YES . But , for anything else , it 's much better to dish out a little more dough and get something more powerful and durable . I am giving this one to the Salvation Army , I am sure it will find a happy home somewhere .
 Coleman never cease to amaze me with garbage they make . I not sure how they still in business . Told myself dozen times not to buy it and after every purchase and cooling down period , but did again.Well to make story short this is not pump , it 's just a fan with very poor quality of materials . Its will literally break down in your hands . Air pressure is never near to be enough to inflate air bed , not talking about boat or air water slide . My vacuum does better job than this piece of junk . Great thing about amazon that you can always pack it and send it back at no cost.Do you self a favor , exclude word `` Coleman '' from your search for camping/outdoor stuff .
 This was not the item I expected . I ordered a similar pump last year but lost the charger cord . This one does not come with a plugin charger but you have to have it plugged in to work . For Camping that is not Practical . So my husband will use it in his hobbies . Also it is not a powerful as the pump that came with the Eureka Air-mattress .
 I used this pump once and it worked OK . On the second use it quit working and can not be revived .
 No snails at all in garden . Great . But , only lasted 6 months . If only it were thicker , then it would last ...
 I wanted to garden organically without killing anything . Also , I always thought snails were kind of cute with their little eyes at the end of those long stalks . After they have eaten so much of my garden , I had to do something . Most of my stuff is in containers so I thought I would tape around all of them . It 's been raining cats and dogs out here in Cali and they go right over it and attack my poor plants . I feel cheated after spending for two rolls only to have it fail when its wet . :-LRB- At first I thought they were climbing up by reaching over it to a lip , but then it became obvious that when there was no lip that they were sailing right over it . Perhaps it 's that my snails are extra long and hungry , but still , I 'm quite irritated that it did n't work after all of these raving reviews . I had to go out in the rain and hand pick them out of my containers . Booo . I hope this works when it 's not raining . I 'm seriously irritated and bought some poison that works for organic gardening . I sure hope so . It 's awfully expensive to have to double it . :-LRB- So disappointed .
 This product did n't work for me . I placed it around the rim of the pots in my container garden with no gaps between where the ends met . Most mornings that I woke up to check it , there was always a trail of slug slime showing that they had crawled across it in the middle of the night and back across it when they had finished feeding on my veggies . In all honesty , it was a waste of my money .
 I bought the Neuton mower in 2004 in the interest of `` being green . '' There are some attractive features - quiet operation and very easy to start . However , they are significantly outweighed by the negative . The cutting path is miniscule and because the blade is not as wide as the mower , if you follow your wheel tracks you will leave a portion of your grass uncut . Due to this poor design you also can not do any close trimming with this mower.You really do n't realize how narrow a 14 inch cutting path is until you actually use the mower . A small gas powered mower has a cutting width of 21 or 22 inches . Therefore , it is going to take you at least 30 percent more time to mow your lawn , assuming the mowers have similar power , just due to the smaller cutting path . However , the Neuton does not have sufficient power to cut a thick , healthy lawn moving at a normal walk speed , so you have to walk slowly or mow the lawn twice . I found that mowing the lawn twice in a cross hatch pattern was the only way I could get my lawn to look the way I wanted it.A lawn that I could mow in twenty minutes with a conventional gas mower takes about an hour with my Neuton , and then I have to do additional hand trimming , which would normally not be required.After the first year , my Neuton would not start and I had to replace a part , which DR Power Equipment did ship to me for free . After two years of ownership , when I started cutting my lawn this year the battery , which I have religiously kept charged as recommended , had such little life it would only run for 30 minutes . The replacement cost of a new battery every two years exceeds what it cost me in gas to run a conventional mower , which did a dramatically better job in less than half the time . I wish this was a better product because the idea is great , but unfortunately , I can not recommend it based on my experience .
 I 've tried to be a loyal customer of DR Power but it 's not possible . I 've owned two different DR battery mowers -LRB- including a Neuton -RRB- that are now collecting dust in my garage . The first mower needed multiple DIY circuit board changes and batteries -LRB- $ 100 + -RRB- that I gave up . DR convinced me to upgrade to a Neuton and it worked for a year but then the battery died again and I refuse to pay yet another $ 100 . I contacted DR and they told me that they have dropped the Neuton line -LRB- it was a different non-US company 's products -RRB- and my mower was out of warranty . Zero help , I asked if I could box the mowers up and at my expense to return them to DR - did not want my money back - and they refused.The bottom line - terrible products with poor service .
 i 've had this mower for several years and the battery 's are junk but expensive -LRB- the mower is n't cheap -RRB- the battery lasts about a year and at $ 100.00 + for a replacement this is no bargain
 Summary : I bought my C5 mower through a special offer from our electric utility at $ -LSB- ... -RSB- delivered . In my opinion it is it is almost worth that amount , but at $ -LSB- ... -RSB- it is way overpriced for what it can do . If you want to do anything more than cut grass slowly , go with a gas mower.Pros : Light , no gasoline or oil , minimal maintenance , easy start , quiet , well constructed.Cons : Poorly designed handle , cut is only fair , mulches poorly , mediocre bagging , bag is small , narrow cut , overpriced , poor battery life.The Bottom Line : Buy it if you have small clean yard and the price is less than $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . It will work . Do not get the trimmer , a separate one is much more versatile.Tips : The battery is pricey from DR -LSB- . . -RSB- . You can find UB12100 batteries online that will end up costing about half what your pay from DR. You need two UB12100 batteries and a # 15 torx driver to change out the batteries in the case that comes with the mower -LRB- I do not know for sure but I would guess that the C6 takes 3 batteries -RRB- . The savings is about -LSB- . . -RSB- . This mower cuts grass and that is about all . It does cut St. Augustine grass , but with no particular distinction . It does not cut as well as a good gas mower but it will compete with an average mower to merely cut grass . It does not mulch well and leaves fairly large pieces of leaves and noticeable grass clippings . If the yard is leaf free , after using the mulch attachment it looks OK . It does not bag the leaves very well and there remains a significant amount of residue . The wheels are not offset enough and the plastic body rather thick preventing close mowing against fences and walls . The hand grip is poorly designed and requires a healthy grip and good size hands to keep the mower from constantly turning motor on and off increasing the battery drain significantly.It is light and easy to maneuver even on a slope or over curbs . Since it is electric there are no gas cans , carburetor , no oil changes , no smell in the garage and no problem starting it . It is blessedly quiet . For those features alone it may be worthwhile . However , on the downside if it needs a new battery every year at $ -LSB- ... -RSB- from DR , you have to weigh the cost of that silence .
 This purchase was a real mistake . I bought a Neuton 5.2 and used it sparingly the first season , on a very small , shaded , Michigan lawn . Same the next season ... Mowed about every 2 weeks , and it did n't always need it . Sloppy , weak , but adequate . Sold the house , put everything in storage for a little over a year , and the battery would not charge . Callled the factory ... `` Should have charged at least once a month '' ! I repeat ... !!! She said the new battery would cost $ 99 . + shipping . My response was that the mower was never worth $ 100. , much less the approx . $ 500 . I paid for it . It 's going in the give away pile this weekend . It 's built like a child 's toy , and NEVER cut grass like a real lawn mower . I believe in cutting my carbon footprint down as much as possible , and this company took advantage of that ... do n't make the same well intentioned mistake .
 We have a very small lawn , so this mower seemed perfect . In the 6 years we have been using it we have been very happy . Unfortunately , the battery died at the start of summer.Imagine my surprise when I tried to order a new one and found out there is a `` 3 to 4 week '' wait until they send it . You can not get this battery anywhere else . I ordered it on June 9th , they shipped it on July 16th and it arrived on July 20 . Over 6 weeks ! I had to rent a mower to do my lawn during the down time.I would never buy another mower from this company with such poor service .
 I have owned my Neuton mower for less than 3 mowing seasons . In that time I have had to replace the entire electrical/handle assembly -LRB- under warranty , thankfully -RRB- and now I have to replace the motor -LRB- NOT under warranty -RRB- ! My yard is a small residential yard , and as it was , with the Neuton 's narrow platform and lack of strength , it took me twice as long to mow my lawn than with a gas powered mower . What a piece of junk ! Never again . From now on I will use a corded electric mower .
 I purchased a Neuton CE5 lawn mower , which Neuton 's own website say comes with an express two-year manufacturer 's warranty . However , before the end of the warranty period , my battery stopped holding a charge -LRB- kind of a critical component to an electric , environmentally-friendly product ! -RRB- . When I contacted Neuton , they claimed there was only a ONE year warranty on the battery AND any other `` wearable '' lawn mower components -- despite the fact that no such limited warranty is disclosed to customers at the time of purchase ! BUYER BEWARE that the battery may not be of sufficient quality to warrant your investment in this product AND that Neuton does not stand behind its product or live up to the terms of the express warranty provided to customers!See Neuton 's product description and express warranty here -LRB- `` The regular Limited Warranty that comes with your Neuton Mower covers defects in materials and workmanship for 2 years '' -RRB- :[ ... -RSB- P.S. . You should also note that , even if you try to order a replacement battery from Neuton , when you place that item in Neuton 's online shopping cart , it says Neuton will not be able to ship the battery for at least 5-6 WEEKS . So even if you decide to purchase a new battery -LRB- despite Neuton 's express warranty to replace defective materials -RRB- , Neuton says you will not receive it until summer is nearly over !!!
 Run for the Hills ! `` THE $ 479.00 LAWN ORNAMENT `` It arrived quickly and assembled in a flash.I charged it overnite as instructed and gave it a try.IT MOWED FOR 5 mins and QUIT.Read the instructions and it indicated you may have to charge and run it down several times till it charges to full capacity.Tried it TWO more times and same thing.Five minutes and QUIT.I noticed that an electrical plug they call a KEY that inserts in the mower had its contacts burning so I called NEUTON and they were very helpful.They said it was a problem with the PLUG not making firm contact with a circuit board in the mower , and they were aware of it `` DAH '' . NOT SOMETHING THEY TELL YOU ON THEIR WEBSITE.They sent a new plug but no board which is on back order.They even gave me the name of a repair shop that would replace the board FOR FREE.OF COURSE I WILL HAVE TO TAKE IT THERE AND GO BACK AND PICK IT UP.For me this is an 85 mile round trip.I 'm still waiting for the part to arrive and still unable to use it.In the end I will probably have to ship it back , and no doubt at my expense.So far this has been a disaster.If I every get it running I will write another review.At the moment it is a $ 479.00 LAWN ORNAMENT .
 I currently have a dead and useless Neuton electric mower in the garage and a recently purchased a gas mower . I hate hate hate to use a gas mower , but the Neuton was so frequently unreliable that I was forced into it ... largely this is due to the poor life of the battery.Their battery requires a 24 hour charge , but If I forgot to unplug it after 24 hours exactly , the battery was rendered useless . I replaced it twice and finally gave in and got the gas mower since I do n't have the memory or time in the day to baby a battery . Their customer service actually said `` only a dummy could n't unplug the mower after 24 hours '' . Hopefully this new niCad battery technology will enter the mower market and make a mower with a more reliable and foolproof battery .
 I would verbatim repeat what the other reviewer said about the battery . That is pretty much my experience . 2 dead batteries in a row and then a gas mower to replace this useless machine .
 Positive features :1 - No air polution2-Folds up and can be tilted up against a garage wall so the `` footprint '' is about 24 '' x 8 `` 3-Probably a better than average warranty , but keep in mind that if you decide to send it back , your cheapest shipping charge will be around $ 60Negative features1-Does not pick up leaves well . I had a craftsman gas powered mower that was like a `` leaf vacuum '' the Neuton picks up about 30 % of what the Craftsman did2-The plastic tires make it very clumsly to negotiate around trees and bumpy lawns . If you have a very flat lawn , this is not an issue.3-After two seaons of moderate use , the battery will not last long enough to complete 5,000 sq ft4-If you pull up on the handle -LRB- in order to get the mower over an obstacle , it creaks and eventually bends and then begins to split around the screws . I have repaired this handle by taking it apart and reinforcing it with a sheet steel strip inside and then using duck tape around it.I can supply pictures and videos
 I 've had my Neuton for a full season now , and I definitely have a love-hate relationship with it . I purchased it via the local utility 's gas trade-in for a very good price . First the pros : It 's light and easily manueverable . I have a few hills to get up , and this mower makes it easy.It 's very quite ; I really think the world could use a little less machine noise , and this is the quietest power mower.I 've had no problem with enough battery power ; I mow about 2000 sq ft without any sign of power loss.No cord ; I hate cords . Unroll , roll , unroll , roll . They catch on everything.No gas motor , no gas emissions ; very important to me in this day and age.The Cons : Very narrow cutting path . I bet I do n't get more than 8 '' cut at a time . And the cutting area does not extend to outside the wheels , making it difficult to see where to line up the next swath.Because the blade is so short , the cutting area on the blade is very small , which adds to the need to go over the same area multiple times.The mower misses a lot of grass . I always end up with single long blades of grass sticking up everywhere . Given that I probably mow every square inch 3 times , it 's very frustrating.Bottom line , I would n't buy this mower again , even at the low price paid . Even though I probably still save time over my corded mower since I do n't deal with the cord , it does n't do an adequate job .
 Purchased this unit in 2006 . Perhaps my expectations were too high but noted right off that its was not very powerful . The quality of the mowing is not very good either . Blade does not hold an edge - I have gotten into the habit of sharpening every 3rd or 4th mow , which to me is ridiculous.Battery is very heavy and does not hold a charge anywhere near what is advertised.Battery began to become worse after second season , and had to be replaced prior to 4th season . I then learned the current batterys do not fit in this unit -LRB- it seems to be a touch wider -RRB- and the old charger would not work - had to order a new one from Neuton so total for battery replacement was about $ 140.00 . Also not happy that even though mower is stored inside , it has become very faded - no idea why this is when its exposed to the sun for only about an hour a week.I thought about upgrading to the 6.2 model but Neuton really did n't seem very interested in my business . I even wrote to the president -LRB- the goof on the commercials -RRB- - no response at all.I am looking for a larger / more powerful more -LRB- prob 36 or 48v -RRB- but it will not be a Neuton .
 I live in Bluffton SC . I received my Neuton CE 6.2 -LRB- 19 '' cut -RRB- on April 2 , 2008 , and the edger package about 3 weeks later . Positives include quietness -LRB- similar to an electric edger -RRB- , already assembled when received -LRB- only added the mulching plug -RRB- , the voltage meter on the handle seems to be accurate , I can mow my whole yard without running out of power , one lever to change the height of the cut , the lack of gas/oil/sparkplug / filter , etc , and the ease of starting . However , I have several concerns about this product after several weeks of use.First , the mower did only a fair job cutting grass . It failed to mulch properly in longer grass -LRB- 1 '' cut -RRB- . There may have been an electrical connection problem
 I was very disappointed with this pump . First of all it is very big , so not very practical for taking on a camping trip . Also , the hose is not permanently attached like on other pumps I have used , and it does not stay attached very well . It comes with several different sized attachments , which is handy , but the biggest is actually not very big , so if you are pumping up an air bed with a large hole , it does not work very well .
 I have made repeated applications to my mound of fire ants . It kills the ants I see but does not kill the mound .
 I 'm not rating this low because of the product . This is an excellent product . It kills the mounds with no problem . Easy to use and goes a long way . The problem is you can buy this at Home Depot -LRB- same 16 oz . container -RRB- for $ 9.97 .
 I 've used nearly a whole container of this product and it does not kill the fire ants . They will abandon the treated mound , but rebuild just a few feet away . Hot water is much more effective and a lot cheaper .
 Saw people using these kayaks on the lake , thought it looked like good fun and easier to transport than a regular kayak -LRB- it 's inflatable !! -RRB- . Bought my boyfriend and I one , and was n't quite as impressed . Good item to take camping for some water fun but expect to get an arm workout !
 Loved this kayak until after about a year , the so-called guaranteed no leak valves broke and strated leaking . Coleman would not help me with this issue as it was only waranteed for 1 year . Attempted to fix leaks , but no go : -LRB-
 This kayak is my second inflatable and third kayak overall . I am not impressed . My first kayak was a hard kayak , which I carried aboard my sailboat and used all over the bahamas . I could go further distances , faster , in bigger winds and seas than I could when rowing the dinghy . The second kayak was a higher end -LRB- $ 500 -RRB- inflatable . Not as good as the hard shell but more stowable . This coleman , well , it does fit into my small car when deflated , which is about all I can say for it . And the seat is comfortable . I 'm an excellent rower/paddler and still found it difficult to make way against 10 knots of wind and a half knot current . Maybe a longer paddle with larger blades would help ? Definitely to be used in flat water/calm winds/no current . It would be good for running down a slow stream with someone to pick you up at the end of it .
 It does the job , but it is very loud and it takes forever just to fill a one man kayak . I am appalled at the other reviews that were pleased with this product . It is nice that it is rechargeable , but just needs more power to be effective . I would look elsewhere , which is what I am doing , but who knows when this piece of junk gets good reviews !
 This piece of junk never worked . It 's completely useless . Does n't charge , completely non-functional . And to return it , you have to get to a Coleman Repair/Distribution center . If there 's not one you can get to -LRB- and there probably is n't -RRB- , you have to ship it to them and you pay the shipping . So it costs almost as much as the pump just to get your money back.Absolute Garbage .
 I purchased a Coleman rechargeable quick pump along with a Coleman inflatable air mattress for use when guests visit . After using the Coleman rechargeable pump two times , it died . It wo n't recharge ; it wo n't even turn-on . When I called Coleman to ask about warranty information for the pump , they responded with `` We do n't actually make that pump , we just put our name on it so we ca n't help you , '' and then they hung-up the phone!I called them back right away , and got them to give me the number of the company that does manufacture the pump and when I called it , it was a disconnected phone number ! Coleman does not appear to care at all about the quality of their products or the concept of customer service . I will NEVER buy another Coleman product again . I understand that products break from time to time and that can be forgiven , but no company should treat their customers this way.I urge everybody who is considering the purchase of any Coleman products to boycott this horrible firm . By their own admission , they do n't even make the products , they just pass them off to consumers . You deserve better than Coleman !!!
 This pump worked a treat , for the short time it worked ! Did n't use it for about 6 months , and when we went to use it recently , it was completely dead . Appears the internal battery has ceased to hold its charge . Only the fine print in the instructions tell you to keep it charged or the battery dies . Not a good look , Coleman !
 This Screen Shelter was used once , on a 4 day camping trip.The poles are hard to set up and insert . One pole actually bent and kinked when appropriate pressure was applied , -LRB- as required to insert pin into the bottom of the tent pole -RRB- . Then on the Second day the Zippers began to act up and by the end of the Second Day one on the two zippers was broken and the mesh had ripped.This tent needs a far better pole design and a much more robust Heavy Duty -LRB- YKK type -RRB- Zipper.I am very disatisfied and intend to return the product for refund.Tom G
 The first time I hooked it up it shorted out and blew a fuse in my car . -LRB- Yes , I had the correct fuse for the voltage the pump was using -RRB- .
 i purchased this item in brand new condition . after not opening item for 2 months , i opened charged & went camping . item did not even turn on much less inflate my boat or mattress . my fault for not opening item for 2 months , but expected brand new item to work at least one time !!!!!!!
 While the product works fine , it only works for 12 volt dc -LRB- which in my opinion , was not totally clear -RRB- . So basically you can only use the pump if you plug it into your car lighter or happen to have a 12 volt plug / converter laying around . I looked into getting a converter and it 's rather expensive . Also , even if I did want to plug it into my car , the stupid cord is so short that I would need an extension cord . I wish both of these things I brought up would have been explained more clearly in the description and well as in the description of the air mattresses that have this pump as a common double purchase .
 I got the Coleman 12-Volt DC QuickPump for my new Coleman air bed . I was extremely disappointed when I went to blow up the bed for an out of town guest and found the pump can only be used if plugged into a cigarette lighter . Item description states cigarette lighter/power outlet . This product will have to be returned .
 I purchased this pump to use with my Sea Eagle SE 370 inflatable kayak . It 's pretty lightweight and compact . However , for the purpose of inflating boats , it does n't provide sufficient air pressure to fully inflate the boat . In the case of the Sea Eagle SE 370 it 's able to inflate it most of the way , but it 's clearly not fully inflated -LRB- I can push my finger down about 1 '' -2 '' on the hull -RRB- . I need to use a foot pump to inflate it to the required pressure .
 CHEAP . too small , too slow . connectors are too short and do n't fit the valves tightly . have to hand-held all the time while inflate . why do n't provide a connecting hose ?
 Did NOT work . I tried it in several different working cigarette lighters and nothing every time . Very disappointed . I gave it 1 star because the program insisted I rate the product . But really it deserves zero stars .
 works like crap . took almost an hr to fill the air mattress i ordered with it . . and the mattress is only a short full bed
 This worked for basically one summer . We used it on vacation in August of 2005 to inflate a few items , then we used it again in June and July of 2006 and in mid-July it stopped working completely and we had to throw it away.It worked great when it worked .
 I thought by the description and photo , this included an AC adapter so it could be used inside as well as with the cigarette lighter in the car . Wrong ! To be used only with a cigarette lighter . I hate returning items so gave it my daughter and her husband . Due to how limited it can be used , they have n't used it either .
 I was not super impressed with the quickpump . I could have done with out it . I like the hand pump that came with the kayak much better . I seem to get more firmness with the hand pump than with the electric pump .
 All though the product works , it appears to be from a water damaged inventory . Manual is not usable and the box was completely ruined . No word of this in the description ...
 I bought this to inflate my Sevylor Tahiti , but its does not have the legs to fill it properly . Its fills the boat to a point then air starts being pushed back out the intake hole . The boat still needed help from my lungs to be full up .
 do not buy not enough power to blow up air mattress wanted to send back but amazon wanted $ 6.00 dollars to send back
 I bought this pump to help speed up the set up time for my inflatable boat , it turned out to be a slight disappointment for the following reasons :1 -RRB- This pump is SLOW - takes about just as long to pump up my inflatable boat as doing it with a foot pump2 -RRB- This pump is WEAK - Sure it 'll inflate the boat , to about 60-70 % pressure , after that , you can hold it there for an extra hour and it wont add any more air . It simply can not force enough air in to inflate my boat -LRB- the simple foot pump can -RRB- . Its good if you wan na get to the first 70 % fill without getting a workout or sweating , but you are gon na have to top it off with a manual pump if you use this to get the proper PSI .3 -RRB- This pump has a 9ft cord . While this may seem to be adequate at first thought , try actually measuring 9 feet from your cars cig lighter out ... if you 're inflating something like a boat you pretty much have to have the boat right next to the car , leaving no room for you to stand between the two to get to the air inlets . Its possible but simply making it a little longer , 12 feet perhaps , would save a ton of time when it comes to running around filling all the different champers with a limited reach and falling back on spinning the boat.While I 'll still use this for hot days when I dont feel like using the foot pump too much , I wish I had bought something stronger ... do yourself a favor and look around for something better , you 'll be happier .
 The lantern is easy to manipulate , well designed . The light is very bright . But one of the mantles got a big hole burnt on it during pre-lightening and it 's unsafe to use broken mantle due to the description of the manual . So I guess users should always have some back-up mantles at hand when using this lantern .
 Well Coleman may be the `` OUTDOOR Co '' but I did n't know their lanterns were only for outdoor.There is nothing in the Amazon details or the outside packaging , but when you read the instructions -LRB- I know - I 'm strange that way '' -RRB- it says never to use in enclosed space such as a camper , tent or home . OUTDOOR use only.So its unsafe to use indoors for power cutsColeman & Amazon - this warning needs to be on the OUTSIDE of the box and in the on line details of the product.Very disappointing .
 We tried to use this lantern during Hurricane Sandy . However a gasket was missing and the propane leaked out . This ; lantern was purchased &#34; new &#34; from Amazon . I wonder ?
 I bought this light-weight bag for my 11 year old for sleep-overs because the color was perfect for her . Unfortunately , She did n't like the texture of the inside lining . I agree . It does n't feel good against the skin - kind of `` polyestery ''
 I do n't know much about the grasses , but mine arrived about 10 days after thry had been mailed . They were all brown except for one which was a pale green . I planted them in moist soil and will wait and see what the spring does .
 This is one of those terribly frustrating products . The first and perhaps the second time you put it up , you are ecstatic with just how well it works . Its fast and easy to put up and perfectly fits a picnic table with room to spare ! What could be wrong ? Well ; unfortunately the metal poles included as part of the ` insta-clip ' design are not very durable . On about the third use , they will have bent into some weird shape and will inevitably bend in half when you put the strain of the canopy on them . The poles appear to be made from soft steel and their is just no fixing this . The product would be a 5-star if it only the poles where made from something more durable .
 We used this only twice and the poles broke . Called Colman and they refused to replace the poles stating that the poles are not under warranty and it only breaks if it is windy . Do yourself a favor , do n't buy this product .
 Just want to repeat that the poles are JUNK . I figured some of the reviewers just got a bad batch , and decided to take a chance anyway . The screen house went up like a charm - oops , except that one corner looked a little weird . But no big deal . The next day took it down after an evening with no rain , light breeze , and in a very sheltered yard . WHILE TAKING IT DOWN , one pole bent severely and two others bent slightly , but it was clear that all would be useless in two trips -LRB- maybe one -RRB- . This was not poor ability on our part - we know how to set up and take down camping equipment ! And I know Coleman is not a top brand , but I find it extraordinary that quality has become this poor . To their credit , the return to Amazon was quick , easy , and free . Do n't waste any time or $ with this screen house .
 My husband and I set this screenhouse up at the beginning of the summer in our yard . We love the outdoors but the insects where we live are bad , so we bought this to replace our old worn screen house . We have a tent by Coleman and have been very happy with it so we thought nothing less of this when we made the purchase . It went up VERY quickly and we were impressed with that , however , the Patent Pending center hub which was designed to strengthen the shelter 's ability to stand up in windy conditions , allowed water to pour in every time it rained . This is not the type of screenhouse you can use in the rain and we had a LOT of rain this summer . Also , one of the seams split open in the area of one of the support poles . The material was n't very durable for us when acorns came out of the trees . We ended up with several three corner tears in the material rendering it useless to use again . We were disappointed though the size was perfect and it was easy to set up , but it was useless in rain and not durable enough for our needs . Even without a bunch of Oak trees that drop acorns , it still split open at the seam and was useless when it rained . I considered this purchase a waste of money .
 I have had 3 screen tents - all made by different companies . The others all lasted for several years and finally junked when the zippers died . The Coleman was only on its second summer when it croaked . The fabric became brittle from the sun and tore easily on top . The configuration of the poles on top made it hold water in a couple of pockets on top which meant you had to go out and drain it or it would of collapsed . The poles were lighter weight than others I have had and bent easily.I think I 'll check another brand and skip Coleman .
 I bought this because of the easy assembly info on the box . It 's easy to assemble - you just need about 3 people . 1 of the shock cords broke when I was assembling and the whole thing came down in a crash . Will try to get Coleman to replace poles . The poles are way too weak and the whole thing is really flimsy till the screen is attached . The screen house part itself is really nice - too bad they did n't put it with a good set of poles .
 I was very disappointed with this product , Coleman 13x11 Insta-Clip Screenroom . As I unpacked it out of the carrying case I noticed one of the tiedown holes was off . I deceided to give it a try and I could always fix this problem at a later date . I set up the screen room and before I could get it fully set up the tiedown tabs continued to rip off . I feel that for the price that I paid and the Coleman name a much better manufactured product would have been offered . I returned the screenroom and am awaiting a Full Refund .
 First time we put this up we had wind and one strap tore and and another tore off completly . We took it down immediately and are contacting Coleman to see how good their warranty is . Stay tuned .
 This is just to corroborate earlier reviews about the terrible quality of the steel poles . The screen room itself is great , sheds water well and is roomy enough to store all our outdoor gear PLUS a standard campsite picnic table . But , you have to be very , VERY careful putting the poles together properly , and even when you do the force of stretching the tent out to clip it to the poles can cause them to bend at the elbow joints . Once this happens the might bend back once , but after that they are weakened to the point of being unusable ; plus , they rust as soon as the paint is broken from being bent . They 'll also twist in the center hub at the top of the screen , making removal from the hub a wrench-inducing nightmare . Naturally , Coleman will sell you replacement poles ... at $ 17.50 apiece . Multiply that price times FOUR poles , and I 'll be buying a new screen for next season .
 With some difficulty I was able to erect this screen house by myself . My bad , since the instructions recommend 2 or more people . When disassembling , a pole broke - not bent , broke . Then another pole 's shock cord snapped . I was able to repair the broken pole for a second trip . When erecting the tent a third pole broke . It was unable to handle the stress when I inserted the pin at the corner of the tent.I went online for parts at Coleman 's website to find that it had been discontinued . Perhaps too many complaints?I had a similar experience with a tent . I think I will try another manufacturer next time .
 As soon as I had a chance after it was delivered , I decided to set up the screen house in the back yard as a trial run for camping . The directions were very clear , and even though it suggested two people for set up , I was easily able to set it up myself . I enjoyed the roominess and layout , and before long I had chairs and a table set up in it just to enjoy eating outdoors.When I went to take it down , however , disaster struck . There are no explicit instructions for taking it down , so I tried reversing the set up directions . As soon as I lowered one of the four poles , the entire structure collapsed . Three of the poles buckled and were subsequently unusable.When I contacted Coleman for support , I was told that the item was discontinued two years earlier , and that the poles were no longer in stock . They referred me to a custom tent pole fabricator , but the cost would have been excessive.Fortunately , I was able to return the item to Amazon for credit .
 I think the picture is misleading . The picture makes it appear that the tent comes with white sides also . It does not . However , the biggest problem I had with the tent is that it was very difficult to set up . It took three experienced tent campers to put this tent together . It also `` hiked up '' at the bottom allowing insects inside . I would not buy this product again .
 UPDATE : Fabric completely disintegrated when I put it up for the second summer ... what a shame , great design but LOW QUALITY MATERIALS . If you can afford a new one every year ... great buy.Original review : High winds , torrential downpours , zips opened and closed over and over again with no problems at all -LRB- 2 months -RRB- . I highly recommend the GeoSport , it has actually exceeded my expectations so far.The 5 sided design is a WINNER for sure . It shifts in the wind effortlessly , offers UV protection and for a screen tent gives a surprising amount of rain protection too.The vent at the top is fantastic as well , it picks up the slightest amount of breeze keeping it cool inside but also closes itself off completely when it rains.The instructions are COHERENT , putting it together is a breeze . It 's got a great carry bag and it 's compact and light so carrying it around would be easy.IMPORTANT POINT
 The quality is good . However , it is not universal at all notwithstanding the ad on Amazon . It does not fit my 22 '' Toro . Even with washers , the blade does not sit tightly on the profiled basis -- the blade is flat !
 Was looking forward to receiving this blade as my old one had reached the end of its useful life . This blade came with a warning regarding using gloves to handle it due to the sharpness of the blade ... could not be further from the truth ... so dull would likely not cut softened butter . With each pass on the grass this blade left a lot of uncut grass and did not cut nearly as efficiently as even my old dented and dull blade . I was not impressed with the cut on this at all and will go out and get a regular replacement blade for the mower . Do not waste the $ 15 on this blade , not worth it .
 Sprayer are high quality , but SP would not take care of wand , that new out of the box , had a bad seat , causing it to leak constantly . I still ca n't believe they would n't replace it . I buy Chapin from now on !
 Purchased this seemingly well-built item from a company I have long-trusted - mostly for tailgating in the fall , but other occasional uses as well . Read the packaging prior to purchase . Only when I got it home did I find a note INSIDE the thermos - it 's ONLY for COLD liquids . Why would you even SELL a thermos for only COLD liquids - and even worse - HIDE the notice where the consumer could not see it ???? When I contacted Coleman about my complaint - they informed me they were sorry I had trouble understanding their label.Run Away ...
 I was very disappointed that the liner was not stainless steel . It arrived with the handel popped off , but as I have a machinist in the house we were able to fix it instead of having to pay postage to return . If I had saw the liner was not stainless steel before he fixed it I would have returned it .
 It was advertised as a stainless steel jug but was actually plastic on the inside and not recommended for hot items - bordered on mis-advertising in my opinion - returned it
 This is just an inexpensive plastic jug , with stainless steel casing on the upper portion . The stainless steel is really only aesthetic . In fact , high quality plastic would be more structurally supportive and protective . Valve is difficult to press in for adults , and especially for children . Not really worth the price .
 Do n't waste your time and money buying this tent . I was at the beach the wind was blowing and all the sand came into the tent , also it rained and the water leaks on the edges ... better buy wenzel tents cheaper and better quality .
 Just ordered this tent . This tent is BURNT ORANGE . I guess it is fine for most people , but I hate that color with a passion . They need to keep that color in Austin where it belongs .
 I had one of these coleman 10x10 . The fly does not cover all the mesh . I moved it around and around and still could see out of it . I did not have the tent out in rain or dust thankfully . I returned it to coleman . They were very nice about it and refunded purchase price with copy of the sales receipt . I 'm still looking for another tent . I do n't need all that room , and I definitely will look for better fly coverage .
 This was our second of two attempts to buy a coleman tent . We were excited about the space of the 10 x 10 sundome . However , when we took it home and set it up , we discovered that the interior windows did not zip closed . This is a major problem because the rainfly does not completely cover the windows . Also , when we were setting up the tent , the rainfly was so thin that it ripped ! We were so upset with this tent that we have decided not to purchase any more coleman tents in the future . We purchased a slightly more expensive eureka tent and we love it . The extra money is worth it for a higher quality tent .
 This item came without directions for assembly , no invoice and no number to call . I had to invent a way to make it fit together , using an extra size of tubing and heating it to make it fit . The action was smooth at first but now catches midway . The mist is good , a real mist . For $ 25 I expect directions and a number to call.Yvonne Prete
 I 'll start by saying that I love Coleman products . This pump was so frustering , the hose is not attached because of the dual action , but there was absolutely no way I could get it attached to either nozzle , it just would not go on . Luckily I have 3 weeks before my trip and I can get a different one , with single action and an attached hose . I spent two days thinking `` there must be some way to attach this , this is what it is supposed to do . '' All the time getting more and more frusterated . If you do n't have enough time to return it if this happens to you , then I would look at another pump .
 Because of high return charge , I ca n't return it . Here 's South KOREA.I have n't a chance to use lagre size one , I ca n't compare two kinds.Also I ca n't rate this item .
 The product is easy to use , but the most important problem is that the connecter of the pump dose not match the need of the airbed also they were suggested to buy together . Do n't buy the pump and the Airbed together .
 It is all plastic , it is not fun to play around it , I do not know how people handle it.I bought this from warehouse deal , and I thought this as a bike pump , but not . It is only for airbed.I am sorry to give a one star , you may try it , I may get a bad one , because it is an open item .
 It would not fit any of my three differently branded air mattresses . One was a Coleman brand . They really should test a product before selling it . It also seemed to pump slower than my foot pump . Mine may have been defective - after five minutes of rigorous pumping my queen 6 '' mattress was only half full . I returned it because I had to use the hose from my other pump connected inline to get it to fit the air hole on my mattresses - which looked like a clusterpuff . Fairly useless - you may get lucky and it could inflate yours , but I would n't depend on it .
 It 's sad . This thing is really good at pumping air . It 's just horribly designed . And , AS USUAL , Amazon 's photos are WRONG!The design flaw I 'm talking about is the fact that these pumps have the hose connected to the handles that are pulled up and pushed down . This means that you absolutely need 2 people to effectively use this pump . The reason is because , since the hose is attached to the handles , as you pull up and push down on the handles to pump the air , the hose is moving up and down along with said handle . Therefore , the second person has to hold the end of the hose firmly into the nozzle of whatever you 're trying to inflate because the hose keeps moving up and down and will fall out of the nozzle as a result . WHY COULD N'T COLEMAN ATTACH THE HOSE TO THE CYLINDER WHICH DOES NOT MOVE WHILE YOU ARE PUMPING ??? Another problem is the fact that this thing is too short . The average adult almost has to kneel onto the bottom pads in order to pump air . If you stand on the pads -LRB- like with a normal bicycle pump -RRB- , then you have to hunch over so much that it makes pumping almost impossible.As far as pumping air is concerned , it pumps quite well . It even has an anti-backflow feature which prevents air from flowing backwards . So , if you take a break from pumping , the air wo n't flow out of whatever you 're trying to inflate . So , if they would have done a better job at the design , then I would have given this thing a 5-Star rating . Sadly , it only gets one star as I get ready to paste the return label onto the box ... it 's going back !
 I bought this thinking it would be better than a battery operated air pump . I was wrong . It is four times the size and it is just as loud or maybe a little louder than a battery pump . It takes about four to six times longer to fill an air matress with this pump compared to the battery pump . The manual pump as far as quality is good . But it certainly could have been designed a lot better . If you are buying this because you do n't want to mess with batteries then you might be disappointed . I would buy this if I had to use it daily and have no access what so ever to batteries . Otherwise I prefer an electric pump because of size and noise .
 I bought this to inflate my Sevylor inflatable canoe , which has two pinch valves and two Boston valves . The Boston valve adaptor on this pump does not fit any other Boston valves , which rendered this almost useless for my needs . It works well for the pinch valves , but is a tremendously sweaty workout . Extremely difficult to use for deflating as well .
 Made the mistake of buying this pump for my camping trip . Too hard to use and too bulky to carry . My advise for anyone considering to buy this is
 Not compatible with Sevylor funny double lock valves , the tip does not stay in the valve , its diameter is too small ...
 Although this pump was recommended with the Classic Assessories Float Tube I purchased and had the correct adaptor nozzle shown on the side of the package , the nozzles included did not fit the Boston valve on the float Tube . I call Coleman and they indicted the nozzle I needed did not come with that model . They did not have a explaination why the adaptor was listed on the box but said it would be investigated . Coleman suggested I return the pump to Amazon for refund ; which I did . I happened to have another Coleman pump that I bought with an inflatable matress that fit the boston valvoe on my float tube ; so , I really did not need it in the first place , but it would be nice not to have to move the pump back and forth betwwen the matress we use when guests visit and my float tube which I use in an entirely different environment . Besides the pump with the matress uses 4 `` D '' size batteries and I do n't know the life when in use . If I go on a camping trip with my float tube I will have to take additional batteries .
 I bought this for camping and travel to inflate an air mattress and in the picture it appeared to be of a reasonable size but when I got it I was shocked to see how LARGE it is . A smaller pump would do the job as well and not take up so much room in a suitcase or pack .
 It took 80-100 pushes to inflate a queen size bed . This pump is extremely labor intensive . Why deal with the pain when a rechargeable battery operated pump cost only $ 15 bucks more .
 This pump does n't work with Sevylor boats . It is missing the mini dual lock adapter . I was on hold for thirty minutes in order to find this out . Coleman owns Sevylor . The box reads , `` Works with virtually all inflatable devices '' , except their own .
 I bought this Coleman hand pump to go with a Coleman 4-1 twin/king quickbed -LRB- which I like a lot -RRB- . The main disappointment is that the plastic air hose does n't attach to the vinyl filling valve . You insert the tip , which fits ok but not snugly , put both hands on the pump handle as shown in the box photos , start pumping ... and the air tube pops out of the bed . There is a threaded collar made for a different product that does n't attach to the mattress valve and in fact gets in the way . So the only way to use the pump is to try and hold the air tube on the filler nozzle with one hand and pump with the other . The threaded collar ca n't be removed without breaking it off , in which case one might be able to duct tape or clamp the air hose to the filler nozzle . I expected better , both because of the completely misleading picture on the box and the fact that I was using two Coleman products that I expected would play well together . Disappointing design that I ca n't figure out why no one else mentions .
 Walked about one mile with two hiking poles . One pole pulled apart inside and would not hold its position . This product should not be sold .
 One locking mechanism was broken upon receipt -LRB- would n't lock -RRB- . On the second pole , the mechanism jammed so that it does n't retract . Replaced by the retailer , but the second pair was n't any better . Just goes to show that you get what you pay for .
 I looked at this pole online , and based on some of the reviews on AmazonI decided to go to the Coleman store and look at it in person.Well I 'm glad I did n't purchase this over the internet , because I would 've been unhappy with my order.I found upon further inspection of this pole in person , that it can be difficult to adjust the length of the pole and tighten it back down.Also , it does n't have a stop for the extension , soif you extend too far it comes apart.The pole seemed weak and flimsy to me.I considered this pole after I saw that another geocacher recommended it , but I can not recommend this pole , after trying it out in the storeand having second thoughts about it.I would recommend one of the Hamer 's Poles for a little more cash .
 Pole broke almost immediately . Very fragile and the components neither stay together nor come apart very well - by which I mean that to get the thing to extend takes a lot of twisting stuff around and then it comes ALL THE WAY APART . Then , getting it to lock into place either in extended or compressed configuration is another exercise is twisting stuff forever . Now , however , the thing is in two pieces and wo n't give up the middle section for anything . Useless . DO NOT BUY .
 The pole is not bad . It is very light and easy to adjust the height . The compass was broken when I got it . I am not sure it was damaged during shipping or the seller sent me a bad one . I asked for refund and Amazon gave me paid-post stick to print . I am waiting for the money that I will use to buy another one if I get it .
 This pole was great for the 2 days that it worked . The compass in the handle is cool -LRB- but sometimes requires shaking -RRB- and the overall design is comfortable . The removable head was helpful when hiking through ice and the stabilizer worked well in mud.I was loving every minute I had this thing until the metal gizmo that allows it to extend snapped inside . I would be willing to forgive this product , but once it fell apart and I looked inside , the design just looked flimsy . While this may have been a biased opinion -LRB- since I made it while trying to bushwhack up a mountain with a broken pole -RRB- , it was certainly justified at the time.My advice
 I recently hiked rim to rim to rim in the Grand Canyon using these poles and I must say I will never hike without trekking poles again . While these were a great `` intro '' pair of poles , they seemed sturdy and provided plenty of support , after the first day I lost a tip on one and the other within a few days . After the tips fell out the pole itself disintegrated very quickly . I would recommend removing the tips after purchase and gluing with epoxy or JB weld . I will be returning poles for a refund due to defectiveness and probably getting a nicer pair of poles from another manufacturer . I would n't recommend these to anyone unless you only want to use them once .
 I recently bought this tent for a February trip to Florida . Generally I liked the tent . In the way it is built the tent appears to be rain resistant , but I did n't have opportunity to test it in rain . I would have rated this tent near the 5 star level because of its relative low cost and ease of use except for several problems discussed below.First , the entrance door zipper is n't beefy enough . I can see putting small zippers on non high use areas , but come on , the front door ? This was a real bad move by Coleman . Charge me two more dollars and give me a real zipper here.Second , do n't plan on being warm in this tent at any temperature below the 60 's F. Coleman has placed massive screens on the left and right sides of the tent which cover about 40 % of the height of the tent . Why they had to be so big is beyond me . However , if Coleman had given users the ability to zip up a cover over these gaping holes -LRB- a cover like on the front door and rear window which are also screened -RRB- , the large screens would have been OK . But for some unknown reason the idea of covering these massive screens was apparently never thought of by the Coleman design team . Well I guess they never slept in one of these babies below 65 F . If they had , I assure you that the screens would have probably have been much smaller and for sure they would have been designed to be covered by a zippered flap on the inside of the tent.After all , I was n't staying in the Arctic , this is central Florida we 're talking about here . Based on the fact you ca n't cover these huge screens , I would not recommend this tent for any camping below 60 F. Because of this design flaw , if night air bothers your respiratory system , you will be getting more night air than you will know what to do with in this tent.One last small improvement suggestion for the Coleman design team if you 're reading -- how about making the tent bag a wee bit bigger ? Maybe your seasoned professionals in the controlled environment of the factory can easily fit the tent into the bag provided but we mere mortals have difficulty doing it out in the field.In conclusion , I really wanted to give this tent a much higher rating because of its ease of use and value but the blatant stupidity of these easily fixable design flaws prohibits me from doing so !
 The lid is so tight we tried to pry it off with a screw driver when it first arrived . Now the top is chipped and if it had hot anything in it , a huge burn would occur . I use it as a flower pot . Coleman , what have you not done right ?
 It 's extremely hard to open because the little knob on the top is not only tiny but badly shaped - nothing to grip . When it 's hot , it 's impossible to open . The first time I opened it , the top went flying out of my hands into the sink and chipped . Oddly enough , the chip on the knob made it easier to open . Go figure .
 This product is unfortunately junk . The construction of it allows the coffee grounds to seep out of the percolator as soon as it boils . I purchased this after a trip with friends that owned a comparable GSI model of camp percolator . Up to this point , we had been using a Coleman French Press , which is a great product . Upon opening the box , I noticed that the internal tin ` coffee filter ' did n't fit as tight as the model I had used and that there was no ` glass window ' into the coffee pot to verify that the boiling water is turning to percolating coffee . Taking this on another week-long camping trip in mid-August 2012 , I used this . Really a bad experience , unless you like coffee grounds in your finished product . After 6 days of gritty coffee , decided to return it and order the other brand of product . I would not recommend this product to a friend .
 Nice made product but it 's not universal , make sure how you want to handles if the gas tank is on top of the generator the handles might not work for you . The wheels fit but ca n't mount the handles .
 Makes great coffee but first pot came with broken glass topper . Second pot arrived with topper intact but it broke after about 2 weeks . Bottom portion of topper breaks easily where it threads into metal top of percolator . Also has a very flimsy aluminum brew basket and stem that looks like it will not last very long .
 I , too , was tired of the auto drip at home having hard water . I ordered this item and it arrived with the glass dome broken . I recd a replacement , used it one week and - it too broke in the same spot . The company , TOolbox , wants me to pay to ship it back and I refuse so I guess im stuck with 2 watering cans and have gone back to my auto drip .
 I received my Coleman 14-Cup Coffee Enamelware Percolator and was impressed with the weight of the pot . However when I opened the lid , I was very dissapointed with the quality of the basket and stem . It came in slightly bent and I could understand this happening because of the cheap quality of the metal . The quality of the insert does n't match the outside of the pot . I know that I will be searching for a replacement made more substantially.Tommy Gee
 Received my percolator with a bent stem . Upon straightening the stem it of course became loose and wobbly at the connection point on the base . This part appears to have been farmed out to the absolutely drop dead cheapest of Chinese manufacturers . Upon calling Coleman for help I discovered they stopped making this replacement stem over a year ago . Nevertheless they continue to sell a coffee pot that they can no loner support . This is unethical.I was told during the first phone call that a new stem would be shipped , it was not until the second phone call was I told about the unavailability of the part . A second ethical failure . When I mentioned the lack of ethics being demonstrated herethe service rep said `` I have nothing to do with that . '' When I mentioned that raising the issue with her superiors would help I was assured she would do so . I see a third ethical issue on the horizon . Yes , the good name of Coleman has been squandered in the name of short term profits , poor customer service , outsourced jobs , and ethical lapses . What a shame .
 Basket was bent upon arrival , basket tube has a kink in it , the aluminum in the basket and top are corroded , glass top cracked during the fist use.Overall poorly done !
 I 'm not happy with this product . You are only able to make a full pot of coffee . Plus there are no markers to use as a guide on the pot to indicate were to fill the water up to . I am very disappointed with this product .
 Ordered this for a Valentine 's Day gift , and it arrived with the glass topper broken . Very disappointed , and my sweetie loved it if it did n't have to be returned .
 I loved the look of this pot . That , the 14 cup feature and all of the positive reviews here were the reasons that I bought it.When it came , -LRB- the shipping was pretty fast -RRB- , I took it out of the box and went right to the sink to wash it up so I could try it out . The first thing I noticed was that the stem and basket were bent up pretty badly . They were easy to straighten out owing to the fact that they are made out of really light aluminum . Too light in my opinion.I put about 12 cups of water in the pot , 1/4 cup of grounds in the basket , put the lid on and set it on the stove to brew . A short time later , the coffee appeared to be done . I turned the heat off , got a pot holder and picked the pot up from the stove.The pot was only about 10 inches above the stove and I was turning towards the table , ... when the handle broke off . Guess what happened next . Yup , that 's right ! Gravity took over . The pot landed on the corner of the stove and then went to the floor . I was scrambling backwards as scalding hot coffee went everywhere . I 'm glad my Grand kids were n't under my feet as they usually are.I have read most of the reviews that are posted here about this pot and did n't see any others that had the same problem so I am assuming my experience was a fluke but ... . I asked for a refund instead of a replacement . I do n't need that happening again.I gave this pot 1 star only because I evidently could n't give it a zero .
 my wife wanted this coffee pot because it looks old fashioned.when she washed it the glass top broke.the pot was expensive but not worth the money.probably made in china
 When I recieved the coffee pot it was damaged . I returend it about 3 weeks ago and have not recieved credit yet . I do not know who to contact at Amazon and I think I am screwed !
 This is a real disappointment . Within one week of receiving the percolator , the glass on the top cracked rendering the pot useless . I expected much better quality from Coleman . Would NOT recommend .
 If you are buying this for camping , move along . Mine was only used once for coffee then for boiling water and does n't even make it into the car these days.There were grounds in it -LRB- ok I can live with that -RRB- and it took FOREVER to boil . Frankly when we camp we have mountain biking/kayaking/hiking to do and ca n't wait around for this . Does n't stand up well on a fast gas stove.As other reviewers have stated , the interior basket/stem is really flimsy , and although mine did n't have a chance to , my friend 's one melted when the top fell in the campfire -LRB- it 's not glass as some have said , it 's hard plastic -RRB- . The handle gets crazy hot , and the hinge holding the lid on is not firm either.It 's probably great for RVing etc but it does n't come camping with me anymore , things either work reliably or they get left in the garage . : -LRB-
 Despite careful care-taking , it rusted around the rim . I would n't purchase this item . And for future camping trips , I probably will take a kettle and french press instead .
 I love the Coleman brand , and this ceramic on steel is great - but the `` guts '' of the pot are so flimsy I know it 's gon na break really fast .
 Not going to get too lengthy here . Just look at all of the other one and two star reviews and you can see what I am complaining about . So just to recap - Glass knob broken -LRB- not in box -RRB- , Inside basket stem made from non heat treated tin or lead , bent on arrival and cracked while trying to straighten out . Junk!I think I will ask my dad for his old Coleman gear .
 Ordered two coffee pots for mother 's day gifts . One arrived with a HUGE chip out of the bottom inside and out . I thought Coleman would be a good brand but I was mistaken . Sent it back . Amazon refunded quickly ! Not sure what one to order for camping . I want enamal but not too many bigger size pot choices . But I would not reccomend this coffee pot .
 Usually Coleman products are sturdy but not this one . The glass `` dome '' broke while making coffee the very first time . Returned it . Went with an electric percolator .
 The top rusted after only a few uses . The insert did n't say closed and coffee grounds were at the bottom .
 Having recently taken a new job and renting a home in Alabama , we decided to hold onto our primary residence and selectively move certain goods to the temprary house . This included an automatic coffee maker which drove the need for a replacement in our primary residence . We liked the concept of the Coleman 14-Cup Enamelware Coffee Percolator and ordered on line . It arrived with several paint chips missing , which we accepted as `` product allure '' . However , after two uses the glass knob on the top cracked and broke , rendering the product useless . I 'm hesitant to replace the knob for fear it will continue to break . Do n't buy this product - it 's no longer manufactured . Bad , bad decision .
 Purchased this and used it about four times then the basket stem broke from the bottom base . I know from the start it was flimsy and cheaply made . What I did n't know , until today , is that if you go to Coleman 's online store to order a replacement , they no longer carry the replacement baskets , stem/base in stock . So , I 'm stuck with a coffee maker and no way to make coffee -LRB- other than cowboy coffee and that is not an option -RRB- . For the four times used , the coffee was good . Now , I guess it will become a target for my next trip to the back yard range.Time to look for another manufacturer ; Coleman has lost my business .
 glass top flimsey and breaks easily . replacement glass costly if available !!!!!!! would not recommend to anyone this product is very cheap and flimsey !!!!
 I am not happy with this purchase . Coffe pot not made well . Inside basket and stem were bent top of pot had rough spot on the inside which cut my finger and the lid does not fit snug on the pot . Put it right back in the box . Want to return it but I do n't know where I should send it back . Amazon or the company who made it . Wasted my money !!! Although I have ordered numerous items through amazon and never had a problem .
 I bought this item based on Colemans name , the size and positive reviews . The pot is sturdy but the basket and stem are flimsy . The stem seems to short for the pot and did not line up with the glass knob . As a result the water did not drip onto the basket as it perked and I ended up with a pot of freshly brewed hot water . After several attempts to line it up failed I decided to return it for a refund .
 I was disappointed with this product being made in China for one . Also the brew basket is extreamly flimsy and easily bent . I expected more from a camping item .
 I was so excited to get this percolator . I was completely bummed once it got here . There are a few things that bother me . The first and biggest issue I have is the knob on the lid broke while I was making coffee the 2nd time I used it . I heard it snap but wasnt sure what happened till I went to take the lid off and the knob fell off - and there were small pieces of glass in the coffee . This obviously is an issue with this particular percolator as they sell replacement knobs on the coleman website . The 2nd issue is the basket and stem are very poorly made in my opinion . Mine was slightly bent upon arrival . It had nothing to do with the packaging as it was packaged well . If I was to purchase another I would find a different one for sure . Dont waste your money .
 Love the color of the coffee pot but it was flimsy and when we made coffee for the first time , the glass bulb burst . We did not have the burner on high , just medium . I contacted Amazon right away and returning it was very easy .
 I noted the negative reviews before I purchased this product but decided to go with the Coleman brand reputation rather than the reviews . Big mistake.The Good : The pot is heavy and of good quality construction . It should provide many years of service if properly maintained.The Bad : -LRB- 1 -RRB- The glass knob on the lid broke with the first brew . -LRB- 2 -RRB- The insert stem arived with a slight bend in it . -LRB- 3 -RRB- The insert components are of very poor quality and of weak construction . -LRB- 4 -RRB- The lid is not engineered to fit properly.The Ugly : I 've not found a better subsitute as yet . After all , the reason I purchased it is to use it in the more harsh environment of a campsite . So no reason to return the unit . Instead I 'm going to try to find a higher quality insert and glass knob . If I can replace the OEM with better after market quality products it will be just the coffee pot to serve the purpose in the campsite for many years to come .
 This is a nice screen room for an overnight camping experience , but it just was n't cut out for the week-long camping trip we took to the beach.We had a steady breeze and this puppy just was n't cut out for even light wind . The poor thing started to `` pop '' and then the anchor tabs ripped off of 2 corners on the first night.And gusts ? Forget about it . Once it was up it was fine , until the wind came up on the 3rd night . The poles broke and it came down on our heads . We ended up tossing the frame before we left for home -LRB- one broken chain-cord , 2 bent poles and one broken pole -RRB- . BTW , It was n't easy to put up , the hub system was problematic and it took 3 people to get it set up -LRB- and to take down ; with a lot of pushing , pulling , leveraging and a few swear words -RRB- . So do n't count on it being a `` quick up/down '' type of product.If you just need a nice shelter in really moderate weather or sheltered camping areas , I 'd say it 's worth it . But if you think you 're going to have wind -LRB- gusty or even just breezy -RRB- , save your money .
 We put this tent up for a summer . Liked it well enough because the sides were vertical and it kept the rain out . However , we had trouble stretching the tent over the frame which put enormous stress on the fabric and the clips , some of which pulled off the frame . This year when we started to put it up again the roof fabric ripped at the seams and quickly spread further into the roof area . It 's poor value if you want to use it for more than one season .
 This product worked fine for 2 months . Now the thing just KEEPS saying `` low salt '' we 've added 90 pounds of additional salt to a pool that was crystal clear 2 days ago and this same saltwater system was working fine then . But now the thing just keeps saying low salt . We 've done the maintenance as according to the book that came with the product , but it 's just not working . So , I guess the product is now `` broken . '' Yes , the thing comes with a 2 year warranty , but today is Saturday and Intek is n't open until Monday . Now we 've got a green pool to look at -LRB- we 're not swimming in it -RRB- and who knows if we 'll even get a replacement or refund before the end of the pool season ?? We 'll find out monday when Intek is actually open . But , take a lesson from our experience and just buy chemicals in the beginning . We 've spent $ 205.73 on the saltwater system , and $ 60 on the salt so far this season . What a waste . Next time , we 're sticking with chemicals !
 I really had high hopes for this unit after reading the reviews here on this web site and others . I ended up purchasing this from the big box store and have had nothing but troubles . When I tried to write a review there , they would not even publish it -LRB- I guess it might hurt sales -RRB- . I have perfect pool chemistry according to all my readings and according to the pool store 's readings . Yet the longest operating time I can get this unit to operate is 2 hours -LRB- I need 11 hours for my 12500gal pool -RRB- . It usually comes in to alarm and turns it self off after about 30 mins . The error code 91 indicates that the salt level is too low . But with my test strips and the pool store 's digital salt meter we see that I have 3300ppm-more than enough.I then began scouring the internet and find that this code 91 error is very common and a lot of people have issues getting this unit to work . In my opinion this unit is not made very well . I have returned it and spent a several hundred more dollars on a hopefully better unit-The Goldline Aqual Trol.I hope this helps .
 This product worked fine for about 2 weeks & then it produced no chlorine . I followed the instructions to the letter & tried everything ... still no chlorine . I tried to return it after 8 weeks & of course Walmart wo n't take it back after 30 days . I called intex & was on hold for almost 30 minutes only to get an operator that I could barely understand . I argued with her for awhile and after going round & round and getting no results , I finally hung up . Long story short ... this product is GARBAGE and intex has horrible customer service !!
 Our tap water is very hard -LRB- we live in Tempe , AZ -RRB- and this saltwater system could not handle it . From day 1 it required kid gloves to function . We constantly had error messages . When it did work , the inner metal plates quickly became coated & crusty with salt/mineral deposits -LRB- which starts up the error messages again -RRB- and we had to take it apart and spray it off with a high pressure hose once a week . -LRB- The manual says you may need to do this once a month at most . -RRB- Big pain in the tush . So , our pool was green off and on all last summer , despite our best efforts . If you live where you have hard water , like we do here in the Phoenix area , do n't buy this !! -LRB- we used this with a 18 ' diameter , 4 ' tall , above ground pool -RRB-
 Bought this last summer on recommendation from a friend . He found his at Target . We ordered direct from company , wish I did n't , cause at least at Target or Walmart , it could have been returned easier . He has a 15 ` foot pool , we have 24 ' . Non-working part had to be replaced right out of the box . Threads for connections do n't fit tight , water leaks constantly , so we are adding salt and water all the time . We may not even use it anymore . Wasted $ 200 plus cost of salt . We only used it about 3 weeks at the end of last summer . My advice , spend more money on a better system .
 We love the saltwater system but if you purchase this generator be prepared to replace it after just one season . Ours went out exactly one day after warranty and they would not honor it . Intex said they have to receive it before the warranty expiration date . Love the saltwater and it is much better than clorine . We stored it for the winter and it did run for about a week this season but just quit . Could n't get any help from their customer service so just gave up .
 INTEX Pool Saltwater Chlorine Generator Chlorinator NEWDeluxe Saltwater SystemWe put this sytem on our pool 2 yrs ago . Everytime the lights flicker you have to go reset . It requires constant monitoring to insure it is running . During vacation our pool turned green because it went off . After 13 months the eye went bad . We followed the instructions to the T . Since it was our first sytem we tried the same model again , thinking maybe we just got a bad one . Same problems only this one lasted 9 months . It only runs half the time because you never know when it goes off . We are switching to another brand . Do n't waste your time or money on this one !
 We wanted to do the salt water system as it seemed a safer alternative all around , as opposed to Chlorine . We made the investment and purchased the Intex Salt Water System . We have followed the instructions to the detail and have been `` attempting '' to use this thing for the last couple of months . It is the most temperamental peice of equipment I have EVER used ! I am out there literally every day trying to address a digital code alarm for various reasons . While we gave it the ole ' college try ... we are getting rid of this thing . We have also had a number of aggressive water beetles invade our pool . Our friends that have the chlorine version of our pool do not have this issue . Chlorine it is !
 It was love at first sight , this was the best thing EVER for my pool . . no shocking , no chlorine , awesome soft water , crystal clear always . But now it 's eroded a hole at the top of the cell which leaks all the time unless I close off the pool valves . It does n't appear to be a part that I can replace so now I have to take up the battle on the warranty or pay the money to replace it . But already , several days without it running , my pool should be a frogpond in no time :-LRB- I will update if they replace the unit quickly and I change my opinion , but I doubt it . I 'm sure that somehow this 2 month life expectancy is my fault .
 Worked for s few days , then got the low flow code . Fixed that , now have a low salt code , even though we just added six more bags of salt . Big pain in my tooshie ... will stick with chlorine next year !
 Help ! If I purchase a new one I will need to cover the face to protect from fade . You ca n't set what you ca n't see . Any suggestions ?
 Purchased Intex saltwater water system model cs8110 in summer of 2010 . Consistently had problems with unit showing low salt , even after adding recommended rates . Calling Intex customer service ended up being a waste of time as well.But hey -- all this is my fault , not the manufacturer who made the defective system . Silly me ! I should have known ahead of time they were going to sell me a defective system and I would have saved the receipt . Heads up ! No receipt ... . no help from Intex .
 At least the one I bought did not work . Dumped the recommended amount of salt into the pool and it gave a low salt error code . The manual said that could also mean the the electolizer plates could be clogged or malfunctioning . It was new out of the box so they were not clogged.You CAN taste the salt in the water at the recommended level . I had to drain half of the water out of my 6000 gallon pool and replace it with fresh water.I returned the chlorine generator to Wal Mart where I bought it for a refund but there is no recouping the cost of my municipal water , the 20 dollars worth of salt or my wasted time .
 This is my second one . The second one did not last a year . When I call about returning for replacement , they do not answer . This product is junk and the seller does not back it up . Look for something else .
 I purchased the product from 7th Avenue Store !!! BAD IDEA !!! taxes , fees , and return policies are AWFUL !!! I tried to return the product and was treated extremely rudely !! I have never received such treatment thru Anazon sellers !!! This is one company that I will never order from again ! honestly can not actually comment on the quality of the product , because I could not get it hooked up to my pool . but I have to say that it is not compatible with all above ground pools !! The saltwater generator should have adapters that a re compatible with all above ground pools ! It would be good if the company included some other pool adapters without the customer 's needing to search for a cure to the problems !
 We purchased this and just shy of a year it stopped working , they did replace it under warranty , but that process took 5 weeks . The replacement has now stopped working ... 2 years 2 units ... not a good track record I would not recommend this for long term use . It is an awesome product while it is working . My husband is a stickler for premaintenance and takes care of this unit exactly as the instructions state ... but now , I have a pool full of salt water . . and have to decide what to do from here ... Unhappy customer .
 We purchased this unit with our pool 3 years ago -LRB- this is the third season -RRB- . Overall , the unit is very easy to set up , and I echo the other comments that you have to wait about 24 hours for the salt to dissolve before the unit begins working.When the unit is working , it 's great -- you just add 160 pounds of salt to the water at the beginning of the season , and once in a while you may have to add a little more salt -LRB- 25 pounds or so -RRB- to replace salt that 's been splashed or flushed out of the pool . The quality of the water is wonderful -- the salt gives the water a really nice , silky feel , and I find it much less irritating to my eyes than normally chlorinated pools.My main problems with the unit are as follows :1 . The unit does not have a clock -- it only knows to come on the exact same time every day , for the amount of time that you specify , and the pool pump must be running at the same time . This means that you have to be around to set the timer the first time at the correct time . Not a big deal until the power fails -LRB- see # 2 -RRB- .2 . The unit loses all settings when the power fails . That means that you have to start over with # 1 . Also , the unit does not have a power fail alarm -- you have to walk down and check its status every day to see if it worked correctly or not -LRB- a flashing 93 on the display -RRB- . If the power fails , all it does is display an ' 88 ' on the display . The unit does beep if other errors occur , such as low salt or no water flow .3 . The unit that contains the titanium plates wears out over time . I wound up replacing mine last year after about 1.5 seasons of use -- at a cost of $ 119 plus shipping ! 4 . My unit just failed for good -- power supply went out -- and now I have to either replace the entire unit -LRB- $ 200 -RRB- or find another chlorination method.I would recommend that you carefully look at other options before buying this unit . There are other units on the market for less money .
 Bought the tent to replace a smaller tent from another manufacturer , thought that the Coleman name would mean I would get a quality tent . The tent is roomy and well ventilated , however upon setting it up and attaching the rain fly to the first corner , the elastic cord pulled right out - the loop holding the cord to the rain fly was never sewn completely . Not to worry , I thought I would just use my knife to modify the defective loop by cutting a hole in it - worked - attached the cord.But - upon attaching the SECOND corner - SAME THING , the loop failed . What about the THIRD corner you ask ? SAME THING ! Ok , Fourth corner was different ... The loop had ALREADY FAILED and the cord was already GONE , not even in the bag . I know like about everything , these are sewn in China but somebody should have caught that.If this is indicative of the kind of QC Coleman has established , I would steer clear of the brand all together . Now starts the process of returning / warranty - wheeeee !
 We purchased this tent from a different vendor -LRB- only because we needed the tent right away and could n't wait for shipping -RRB- , but I know I LOVE Amazon 's reviews when I am looking to purchase a new product so I thought I would review this item . The light system is a neat idea and my kids loved the remote control to turn the lights off and on . We had light rain when camping and there were no leaks but I have to tell you , I was quite nervous with the wide open screened area and the rain fly barely covering it . I would n't trust the tent in a bigger storm , especially if there was wind . The very first time setting up the tent as a test run before our camping weekend , the seam on the rain fly ripped some where the guy lines attach . I did n't think I had the tension too tight either . We went on a two nighter weekend campout and upon taking the tent down noticed that one of the corded poles for the rain fly had snapped at the nylon cord . I checked out the cords on the tent frame too then and saw two areas that were just hanging on by a thread and about to break too . I would n't trust this tent on another outing . While the tent was n't very expensive to start with , I surely expected more than one use out of it ! Off to contact Coleman for a refund .
 I finally got around to using my new Coleman Sundome 6 tent . It would be hard to design a worse tent . When even a little bit of wind blows it lays down on the ground because the supports are like spagetti . No amount of tie downs make any difference . Putting up the cover on the top is like launching a spinnaker . It really takes off then . Without the large rainfly on top there is no place inside the tent where you can get out of the sun . It turns into a oven . The zipper on the doors and windows is like one you would find on some lady 's purse . They both failed on the first attempt to use them . They came off the track and would not go back on On the up-wind side the little tabs sewed into the bottom to hold it to the ground started pulling out . The wind that day was gusting to a whopping 15 miles per hour.I finally called off my camping trip and deposited my brand new tent into the dumpster and went home . Amazon would have probably given me my money back but I got a lot of satisfaction in throwing this thing into the dumpster .
 It 's telling it 's for four people but only 2 can fit and fill comfortable in it!I did n't like it but you have to decide on your on !
 FIRST I BOUGHT IT , ONE OF A OAR IS ALREADY BROKEN , AND I TAKE IT TO A SMALL STREAM FOR A HALF HOUR THERE IS A SMALL HOLE GOING ON.IT IS NOT THE puncture-resistant AS DESCRIBE
 i dont know whether this was just my bad luck , but mine tore in just a month or two . i wanted to get out on the lake and fish , and an anytime inflatable rely sounded great , and easy . so i bought this raft , then 80 bucks , last summer . i probably used it les than ten times . i tried pumping it up once , i herd a leaking sound , but the time i found the leak , the boat blew up and the smal tear became a 3 foot tear . it wasnt my fault of overfilling , cuz the seam didnt tear , it was off the seam , and i didnt pop it , cuz it looked like the material actually just teared , and not punctured . by the way , this stupid boat is too smal for 4 people , and not much room for any other things like tackle . with no warranty , this product is crap , and useles , a waste of my 80 bucks . DONT BUY THIS PRODUCT , AND DONT BUY ANY OTHER JUST BECUZ IT SAYS GUARENTEE , LOOK FOR A WARRENTEE !!
 this hose does n't kink but it burst the first week i used it . and i do n't have high water pressure . a two inch failure of the outer cover and boom . what a piece of junk .
 The product quality looked OK , and value was comparable to local stores . Online ad was skimpy on details like color of hose . A call to Amazon customer service prior to ordering produced an `` I think the color is ... '' answer . Returned the hose and still looking for similar item in a brown or beige color . Art 12-8-07
 Coleman generally has decent camping gear , but this was not as well made as expected . There are gaps between the utensils and the handles , which will allow bits of stuff to get in there , and hard to clean . They generally did n't have a great feel to them , not being of high quality . I am returning them . They are decent , but not great .
 Do know that this flatware may not be red once delivered , mine was black . If that matters to you at all but mine was to match my blue enamel dining set while camping and I am a `` Glamper '' so it matters to me . I design camping photos for publication . The flatware goes back!Update June 15 , 2012 . The Seller -LRB- through Amazon -RRB- said they will not pay for the return of the black flatware because it 's Amazon 's fault it is pictured red . So not only did GoCampingCheap charge me $ 8.00 to ship it to me but they also made me pay $ 8.13 to send it back . The flatware only cost $ 12.99 . I paid $ 16.00 in shipping charges total on a $ 13.00 purchased . Do not purchase from Standard Camping Supplies or GoCampingCheap -LRB- same company -RRB- or you will regret it if the product is delivered wrong or if you do n't like the product accordinng to them .
 The roll up case is not secure . It would be better if there was a flap to keep the pieces from falling out . The silver ware itself is nothing special .
 Like everybody else can testifies here this is a very very bad product that leaks after a couple of months and loves to kink . I bought one last year . I followed everything the package recommended , drained it before the winter and put in the shed , but when I opened in Spring the hose had more holes than Swiss cheese . So I called their customer service , and they ask you to cut the ends of the hose off take a picture and then only then they will replace it . Apex NeverKink customer care really wants to make sure that you are not taking advantage of them and you have to prove for them that you are not lying . Well , they sent me a new hose and plugged a wand sprinkler on it . When my wife was watering the plant in pots in the yard and shutting down the valve of the sprinkler wand between pots . In one of these times the hose literally EXPLODED and she got completely soaked in water . I was so done with this hose that I just cut the end of and used a hose repair kit in the place where it burst . Two weeks later it burst again . So I called their customer care again and they told me that I was leaving the hose on for prolonged periods of time . It was less than a minute between one pot and the next . SAVE YOUR MONEY DO N'T BUY this product .
 Bought the 100 ' length of 4000 series commercial duty hose because reviews were good . In warm weather this `` commercial duty ?? '' hose becomes very soft and kinks badly . It has NO flexural rigidity in bending or squeezing . It is tangles easily when being dragged in sections across the yard . Product is NOT Recommended . Product returned to Amazon .
 I 've owned several garden hoses over the years , these hoses were the most expensive I 've ever bought -LRB- through a national chain hardware store -RRB- . Just this Spring I noticed one of the hoses leaking , water was spraying me from behind , the outer sheath had split . Oh well , wrap it in some electrician 's vinyl tape and keep using it . Then it split , and split again , and more holes appeared . Odd , because I have two of the 50 foot hoses in the front of the house , one of the 100 foot hoses in back , they have ALL started breaking down in the same way . Bummer is I 've torn my file cabinet and all warranty folder/records apart and ca n't for the life of me find a receipt to take it back to the store ... Oh yeah , they kink , definitely , you get used to it .
 Absolutely no better or worse than any hose I have ever owned . Kinks easily . Does make a nice leak free connection at both ends though . Definitely would not buy this or any other NeverKink product again .
 I concur with the other reviewer , it is a rather average product . it kinks just as much as any regular hose .
 I thought that I was getting a quart of brush killer . When I opened the package it is a tiny 16 oz bottle . I looked back at the amazon post and no where could I find the amount -LRB- ounces -RRB- on the advertisement . This is an obvious deception because it was in a list of similar products that were all a quart and it makes it look like you are getting a good deal when in reality you are paying more for less . I wish that I would have bought from another seller who is more honest than Michael J. Powell -LRB- Pest Control Outlet -RRB- .
 First wagon came to me with a busted box and had parts missing.I was sent a second box and it was ok but it still had nut bolts and washers missing and I just went to home depot and bought what I needed . So far the wagon seems ok after I got it together which was not hard to do .
 Want to be as dumb as me ? Then buy this wagon in spite of all the bad reviews : - Flimsy metal ? Right . - Bad welds painted over ? 4 . - Tires wo n't stay inflated ? 2 . - Unbelievably lousy packaging with loose parts ? Check . - Inscrutable instructions ? Yep.A nice additional feature on my wagon is that the front wheels would n't fit on the axles . Had to bang them on with a sledge . Did this damage the bearings ? You bet!If you buy this , you deserve what you get.Negative stars .
 We ordered two of these carts . For both of them , the directions are very poor . Some of the parts were damagsd . We had to make our own parts and bend one part back into shape . The finished cart is sturdy so I gave it 2 stars .
 If you do n't live near a hardware store to be able to buy missing nuts and bolts and if you are n't very handy , you should pass on this one.The printed instructions were blurred and therefore hard to follow.Parts are n't `` True '' which distorts the finished product . Too bad because with just a little extra attention to the packaging of the hardware and alignment work on the parts this could be a great wagon .
 When I opened the box to put the wagon together the screws and nuts were all over the box . As I put it together I discovered that two pieces were broken . The welded points were very poorly done and they just painted over them . I contacted the company for replacement parts , but they said they could n't help me since I bought it from Amazon . So I had to pack it up -LRB- which was fun -RRB- and send it back for a refund .
 I just got this item and opened it up , finding there was only one nylon strap on the box at one end and just tape on the other . Once I got the box open and pulled out the tires , bars , flat bed I found all the assembly hardware was hanging out loosley with out being in a bag to keep them from falling out of the box . Once I got all those pieces out and put them in a plastic bag I started looking at what I had and I am missing most of the pieces . So now I cant even put the thing together . Very maddening and upsetting . I would think that an item of this price would not be shipped in a box that isnt put together securely and that the small pieces would be in a secure bag . I am hoping that I will get a repacement on the pieces .
 Ordered this and the base to match in beige . Was thrilled when it came so quickly but ... The base was just the metal part , no support piece , so a neighbor drilled a hole in the pole of the umbrella and we put it up that way . The first breeze and one of the struts came loose from the umbrella.Looks great , but save your $ $ $ . It 's going back today !
 This umbrella looks AWESOME out of the box . But as you will soon find out the connection between the top pole and bottom pole of the umbrella is VERY weak . The whole thing is held together by two small loose -LRB- and stripped , in my case -RRB- screws -LRB- in that metal piece that connects the top and bottom pole -RRB- . And the bottom pole only goes into that metal piece about 3/4 '' so there is no stability at all there it pivots all over the place in the wind . After 1 week a small gust of wind broke mine in half . It looks nice but is TRASH and very poorly made -LRB- in China -RRB- !
 this product broke the fourth day we had it . the button that holds the umbrella straight snapped . not going to send it back to much trouble . wrapped it in duct tape
 It probably will never kink if you do n't unroll it/seems too light and already has the tell tale kink look
 DO NOT BUY THIS HOSE IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A HOSE THAT DOES NOT KINK !! THIS HOSE KINKS AS BAD OR WORSE THAN ANY I HAVE EVER OWNED .
 I bought this hose on 9/24/2011 and it ruptured on 10/17/2011 under normal house pressure . It did not kink , just popped .
 I have bought less costly hoses that perform better . I was disappointed in this product.Don ' t Reccommend . I will stick with the rubber instead .
 Bought a few of these Stump Removers hoping to get rid of stumps -LRB- mostly red oak -RRB- around the yard.First , the package -LRB- cylinder -RRB- is at least 25 % empty . Why leave so much room for air?Second , I followed the instructions completely - drilled one-inch holes as instructed -LRB- takes a while if you have a lot of stumps -RRB- , filled with product and poured water on them . 3 months later the stumps are still there . And they look EXACTLY the same . The product obviously does not work as advertised -LRB- manufacturer promised 6-8 weeks to see the results -RRB- . Or maybe I have these special stubborn stumps . I do n't know ...
 Herbicide Stump Remover Hi-Yield Granule 1.5 Pound - do n't really know yet , it has not been in use long enough to know if it is working .
 I purchased one of these back in April of 2004 , its now the beginning of October and this unit failed twice . First time the batteries exploded , causing a stain in my wall outlet . I sent it back to Coleman who replaced it and sent me $ 5.00 to replace the outlet cover . This was in June . The replacement has now failed , it does not charge and the flashlight does not work . The glowing locator pad is the only remaining part that works . I took this one apart and found a resistor that was baked . The whole thing is in the trash now . Save your money , buy something better .
 Based on the overall 4-star rating of this hose , I ordered one . The only thing we use the hose for is to fill up the bird bath in the front yard daily . Nothing else.After about 4 days I decided I needed a 2nd hose for the back yard , so I ordered another one . I should have waited.The next day , the 1st hose started to leak . When the 2nd hose arrived , I replaced the 1st one with it.The 2nd hose lasted about 5 days and it started to leak too.I 've never had any hose in my entire life that sprung a leak so quickly , let alone 2 within a week of being put into service.With the poor quality of this hose , I 'm beginning to question the validity of Amazon 's user ratings . Are they being submitted by employees of Apex Hoses?Look elsewhere because these hoses are junk !!!
 Although I have several of these 7612-25 -LRB- and -50 -RRB- hoses with no problems , this one leaked at supply-end fitting no matter what I did , AND after only two days of light use , it totally failed with a huge leak a few inches from nozzle end . I actually started to balloon out several inches before it blew !
 Just because the FDA says it is safe , does n't mean it is . Do your research if you are looking for a truly safe drinking hose for kids and garden . Look for a natural rubber , non toxic hose .
 I just received three of these hoses through Amazon and tried them out . One is fine the other two leak out of the attachment ends . I replaced the washers , no luck . The ends are defective . They have a lifetime guarantee . I will email and call the manufacturer and try to get replacements . The hoses seem fine , it 's the ends that suck . Will keep you posted . I am really disappointed .
 At first I was pleased with this hose , it has a rather small diameter but was working well . I was using it in a limited capacity around the yard and simply by dragging it across the ground a hole wore through in less than 1 month . This hose is clearly not designed for use around the yard . I would stick to its actual application as a boat or camper hose that gets limited use and be sure not to drag it around .
 Similar to another review , I bought this hose in April 2011 and after 3 months of use , the brass coupler that fits into the watering nozzle began to leak . It must be a bad weld between the 2 brass pieces . It 's now physically loose and absolutely useless . I 'm very disappointed because Amazon says that I am over the return time window so it 's a total waste of $ $ $ .
 very disappointed - I purchased this hose because I wanted a good quality hose for our new trailer ... on first use the brass coupling on one end had a hole in it , it leaked -LRB- sprayed ! -RRB- so badly we could not use - had to replace with a hose from campground store -LRB- not cheap -RRB- When I called to request refund , I was told they would send return packaging , we never received it . Just chalked it up as a loss and a bum purchase ...
 I 'm very disappointed with this hose after 3 months of use . It was absolutely perfect for my use and exactly the right size , it also never kinked . When using this product with an attachable device like a water wand , the brass piece at the end starts to loosen and eventually comes off , leaving you with a useless hose which ca n't screw onto any watering nozzle . The only redeeming quality is that Amazon is letting me return it for a full refund after this long of a period due to the lifetime warranty included . For that reason I 'm going to give it 2 stars , but I highly recommend getting a hose made in the USA like the platinum flexgen hose from Gilmore if a larger diameter is ok for your needs .
 After a review of available umbrellas , we chose this one . The main reason was the generally good reviews . The first order was returned to Amazon by UPS . Apparently , the poor packaging caused damage . We received a second one . The packaging was also fairly inadequate . However , we assembled it and put it on a patio table . The cloth material of the umbrella is poor quality . It is thin and translucent . It just feels cheap . The pole is made of a very thin gauge aluminum . The first moderate wind that we had caused the umbrella to blow over . The top section of the pole -LRB- where it tilts -RRB- deformed so that it is no longer vertical.Is there anything good to say about this umbrella . Nice color . Other than that , it is cheaply made and generally poor quality . I was originally going to give it 2 stars but then I realized that 2 stars would mean it was almost reasonable.I would not buy this brand or model again and would suggest that no one else does .
 UNBELIEVABLE ! I was looking for red umbrellas and ordered these , described as red . The picture in the ad clearly shows a bright red umbrella . I was severely disappointed when they arrived . Not only are they MAROON , or dark red , but they are exactly the same as umbrellas I could have bought locally for nearly $ 20 less ! Ordering these was a huge waste of time . Do I have to ask if red really means red ?
 This was a replacement umbrella for one that flew away and broke - I neglected to close it before a storm passed through . Since the umbrella selling season was over I resorted to an on line purchase . I chose this umbrella because I like the aluminum/crank type and loved the sunny yellow color . However , the order took over three weeks to receive , and when I got it the piece on top would n't screw on because the pole top was crushed . The cover fabric is very flimsy , and the whole thing always seems to be on the verge of flying away . . I would not recommend this umbrella . I will buy a new one in the spring , and this will be a spare .
 I really liked this patio umbrella for one month . It blocks California sun well , and cranks are smooth . However , after 5 weeks , the metal spring fell out . Very disappointing . Amazon return policy expired 10 days before the umbrella broke . I guess it 's going in the trash .
 `` Pebble Lane Living '' did not ship what I ordered . I ordered a brick red patio umbrella and received a white one . The crank is kinda sketchy , feels like it will break . The Umbrella leans because the middle is weak . In my humble opinion why order from `` Pebble Lane Living '' if they do not ship what you order .
 I used it for three months and then the pole broke where the tilt mechanism installed . It broke by itself ... probably during one of the rainy and windy days . I noticed it later . My previous umbrella lasted 12 years . And I did n't expect this umbrella to break so easily.I 'm not going to spend a penny on this brand again .
 After a review of available umbrellas , we chose this one . The main reason was the generally good reviews . The first order was returned to Amazon by UPS . Apparently , the poor packaging caused damage . We received a second one . The packaging was also fairly inadequate . However , we assembled it and put it on a patio table . The cloth material of the umbrella is poor quality . It is thin and translucent . It just feels cheap . The pole is made of a very thin gauge aluminum . The first moderate wind that we had caused the umbrella to blow over . The top section of the pole -LRB- where it tilts -RRB- deformed so that it is no longer vertical.Is there anything good to say about this umbrella . Nice color . Other than that , it is cheaply made and generally poor quality . I was originally going to give it 2 stars but then I realized that 2 stars would mean it was almost reasonable.I would not buy this brand or model again and would suggest that no one else does .
 UNBELIEVABLE ! I was looking for red umbrellas and ordered these , described as red . The picture in the ad clearly shows a bright red umbrella . I was severely disappointed when they arrived . Not only are they MAROON , or dark red , but they are exactly the same as umbrellas I could have bought locally for nearly $ 20 less ! Ordering these was a huge waste of time . Do I have to ask if red really means red ?
 This was a replacement umbrella for one that flew away and broke - I neglected to close it before a storm passed through . Since the umbrella selling season was over I resorted to an on line purchase . I chose this umbrella because I like the aluminum/crank type and loved the sunny yellow color . However , the order took over three weeks to receive , and when I got it the piece on top would n't screw on because the pole top was crushed . The cover fabric is very flimsy , and the whole thing always seems to be on the verge of flying away . . I would not recommend this umbrella . I will buy a new one in the spring , and this will be a spare .
 I really liked this patio umbrella for one month . It blocks California sun well , and cranks are smooth . However , after 5 weeks , the metal spring fell out . Very disappointing . Amazon return policy expired 10 days before the umbrella broke . I guess it 's going in the trash .
 `` Pebble Lane Living '' did not ship what I ordered . I ordered a brick red patio umbrella and received a white one . The crank is kinda sketchy , feels like it will break . The Umbrella leans because the middle is weak . In my humble opinion why order from `` Pebble Lane Living '' if they do not ship what you order .
 I used it for three months and then the pole broke where the tilt mechanism installed . It broke by itself ... probably during one of the rainy and windy days . I noticed it later . My previous umbrella lasted 12 years . And I did n't expect this umbrella to break so easily.I 'm not going to spend a penny on this brand again .
 We bought two of these in November of 2011 and they still smell really bad . It 's a very strong chemical smell that remains after repeated washings , airing etc. . Unfortunately we 've never been able to use them . I 'm really surprised Coleman has such a product .
 I bought 4 of these bags thinking they would work well for camping when the evening temps droped to 50 . Everybody in the family complained of being cold ! I used mine as cover instead of a bag , the double thickness made it warm enough.In all fairness I have used it as liner quite sucessfully . I put it in a 20 degree bag in tempts of slightly less than 20 . Slept on ice pack with a Thermarest pad and was surprisingly comfortable . It did feel nice to the touch.I really ca n't recomend this for anything other than sleep overs or a heated caabin type of camping . Using as a liner is barely acceptable , it adds alot of unnecessary bulk , your better off getting a bag thats rated a little lower than expected .
 I ordered two of these lamps one for myself and one for my mother . We had a storm in Sept of 08 and was w/out power for a week . With in a day of each other both my lamp and my mother 's fell apart . The bulb casing popped out of the lamps and can not be put back together .
 I bought two of these lamps last year and neglected to take them out of the box until I needed them this past weekend for Hurricane Ike . I loaded up the batteries and they worked well for about 15 minutes , after which the light bulbs just popped out ! Very strange to say the least . So they were n't much help as we endured a power outage of 40 hours .
 this lamp was n't able to sufficiently `` night light '' a room in my house with no other light . i wanted it for the purpose of not falling getting up at night , but it really did n't help , and ate up batteries very quickly . i ca n't imagine it being any more helpful in a camping situation , and i have been a hiker/backpacker my whole life . i really do n't know what it would be good for .
 I have only had a couple blackouts that were short lived since I got the lanterns , but I put them on immidiatly , I am very happy with them much better than a flashlight for this purpose and definately safer than candels
 the bulb was missing from one of the lamps . Do n't know what to do to get a replacemant bulb .
 I chose these lamps because my parents had great success with Coleman products since the 1940s . I purchased three for our camp in the Adirondacks where the power goes out at least once a summer , and I did n't want the young ones using kerosene or candles.Unfortunately , the first time we needed them -LRB- 1 -RRB- even the best batteries did n't last , -LRB- 2 -RRB- a bulb burned out right away , -LRB- 3 -RRB- the bulb was missing from the second and -LRB- 4 -RRB- the bulb assembly fell apart on the third.This was about 12 years ago . Very disappointing as they were hardly used at all . Sounds like others are having the same problems ...
 i have this lamp and it gives out bearley any light and to top that it is very very very very very ugly , this is a waste of your hard earned money
 The first lamp that I ordered would n't light . I checked all batteries , the light bulb , and the on/off switch . Nothing . So I ordered a replacement . The second one one lighted , but the on/off switch was defective and would not always operate . I conclude that if two lamps in a row are found to be defective , quality control is bad on the item .
 Years ago , this lantern was the best - but then they must have changed it somehow in terms of quality and each one I bought has broke -LRB- all four of them -RRB- . After using them just a few times , the bulb suddenly pops up and out - and a small piece flies off - and they just bust - just like that . I 'm not buying anymore of these - and am hesitant to buy Coleman anymore - it 's just not what it was years ago . If it was not for this lamp breaking so easily it would be the best lantern .
 I expected a direct replacement one for the one that was broken on my Weedeater leaf blower . I had to modify the part I received rather extensively to make it work .
 I found this hose to be extremely flimsy -LRB- and had to return it in a day -RRB- . It tends to kink a LOT . So , I strongly recommend that you look for something more substantial -LRB- I ended up purchasing one from SAMS club -RRB-
 When I opened the box I was excited because the hose looked of solid quality . However , when I hooked it up , it started leaking just behind the connecter -LRB- where the metal connector connects to the rubber hose -RRB- . I would have attempted to try and patch it , but I also found the hose to very easily kink at the slightest bending . Maybe I was spoiled by my other hose , which is a Sears Craftstman . I use it for my backyard . I bought the second hose for the front . It is going back to Amazon .
 This is a gimmick . The pads slip around in the grip . The grip is unwieldy and clumsy . Just by the steel pads and scrub .
 I should have known that no hose made by man can be guaranteed not to kink , and this one is no exception . Shame that there is No Truth In Advertising !
 I purchased this hose based upon it 's claim to `` Neverkink '' . Not sure why they make this claim . Do n't see any difference between your average cheap hose and this one . It does kink and I have retired it to the storage shed for use when I need extra hoses . Do n't waste your money .
 When I unroll this hose from the reel , it gets around 10 kinks throughout . The kinks are impossible to shake out and prevent the water from traveling through . I 'm forced to straighten the whole hose -LRB- 100 feet ! -RRB- to get at the kinks . I paid 42 dollars & 89 cents for this item from Amazon in September 2007 and I 'm now looking to buy a replacement hose . I see the price is now over 60 dollars , which is outrageous and I 'm hoping to save someone a regrettable purchase with my review . The only reason I 'm giving 2 stars instead of 1 is because the couplings work well & do not leak .
 I agree with the other review . We 've been fighting this hose for 4 years and will replace it before next season . It 's on a hose reel and even when pulled straight out it kinks up . How they can call it NeverKink is beyond me !
 The fork on this set is just plain useless . It 's way too tiny & skinny . The knife is just about as useless , but good news , the spoon is great . So if your looking for just a spoon , this set is for you . If not , look else where . I recommend spending more money and get the Brunton My-TI Flatware .
 What 's going on with Amazon ? Coleman sells this for only $ 19.99 and Amazon 's price is $ 26 . xx ??
 It 's listed as In Stock , but it is not available from Amazon or from Camping Gear . The company no longer makes this item .
 These trellis ' could not hold up under the weight of the tomato plants . Not a good product .
 I had purchased wire tomato cages from a local hardware store years ago . I purchased these because they were the same height as the others and I thought they would be made similar . These are made from thinner wire and not as sturdy . They have served the purpose to contain the tomato plants , but they have bent under the weight of the plants . I would recommend the manufacture consider using a heavier gauge wire for the next product upgrade .
 I guess that I should have known that a nylon flag would n't last too long but this one is badly frayed in just over four months . If you 're going to fly a flag 24/7 in a windy area buy a polyester flag .
 Tremendously disappointed with Coleman . Received the Coleman Eaglepack tent -LRB- which is very similar to this model -RRB- as a wedding gift . The first time out one of the rainfly poles snapped . I was very careful because I had read reviews that suggested the poles were fragile . When I called customer service , I told the representative that the pole had broke on the first use . They asked when I received the tent -LRB- after giving me a very hard time for not having a receipt -RRB- and when I had mentioned that it was several months ago they told me I was lying and that I must have used the tent several times . To make a long , painful story short , I eventually talked to a manager who said they would send replacement poles immediately . After waiting over two months , the poles still had not arrived , so I again called customer service . It ends up they never had shipped the replacement poles and Coleman is now out of replacement poles -LRB- many people surely have had the same problem -RRB- but they are also out of the tent . The representative said that I would have to ship the tent to Coleman at my expense and they would send this tent brand new as a replacement . After complaining that shipping would certainly be over $ 15 -LRB- and I could have purchased replacement poles for cheaper a few months back -RRB- they agreed to pick up the old tent at their expense . I am very confident that when I receive this tent as a replacement the rainfly poles will again break immediately , no matter how careful I am.Save yourself a lot of trouble
 I was given the earlier model of this tent for my wedding . I just tried it out for the first time camping on the beach . The first night the main pole snapped and poked a hole in the rain fly . The rain fly poles then snapped which made the tent useless . The weather was n't bad so there was no reason for any poles to snap . I called Coleman to have the parts replaced . In order to have the defective tent fixed I would have to pay to ship it to them . This would end up costing more than the tent is worth so I have decided never to purchase another Coleman tent again .
 I bought this product based on the following information about the product at amazon.com . I am very disappointed to find that it does not have `` The tough 20-by-10-inch turf tread tires . . '' as amazon.com product description describes it . Its tires are not even '' 18 '' x 9.50 '' knobby tread tires as the following `` Technical details '' describe it in amazon.com . I trusted their description of the tires !! I am very unhappy to find this out after I spent one hour and assembled it !!! Otherwise I would have returned it to them !!! The tires are very cheap tires and measure the most only '' 16 '' x 6.5 '' '' . What a rip off !!! Also technical details and Product description give different warranty period . I do n't now what to believe anymore at amazon.com !!! --------------------------------- The following is taken from amazon.com description of product `` Technical Details * ATV dump cart easily hauls and dumps firewood , topsoil , fencing supplies and outdoor equipment * 650-pound load capacity ; tracks behind ATVs at speeds up to 20 mph * 18 '' x 9.50 '' knobby tread tires with needle bearings and grease zerks for high speeds and rough terrain * Features an easy single-lever release dump mechanism * 3-year limited warrantyProduct DescriptionAmazon.com Product DescriptionThe Agri-Fab poly Explorer `` 10 '' ATV dump cart easily hauls and dumps firewood , topsoil , fencing supplies and outdoor equipment . Tracking perfectly behind ATVs at speeds up to 20 mph , the Explorer `` 10 '' carries a load capacity of 650 pounds . The tough 20-by-10-inch turf tread tires with ball bearings provide long life , flotation and durability . The 1-inch axle is heavy duty and sturdy . The tough poly bed will resist rust and endure years of hard use . This dump cart features an easy single-lever release dump mechanism and comes with Agri-Fab 's 1-year limited warranty . ''
 I bought this cart and within 10 minutes of topsoil moving , the axle fell off , ripped out of the tongue that attaches to the draw bar when i ran over a small stump . DO NOT carry more than 100 lbs in this trailer or you will be sorry .
 I received these as a gift from my boys for Christmas and was able to use them for the time when I went to the Broncos vs Ravens playoff game . When I got to the stadium parking lot , 1 of the 2 flags had broken off somewhere along the 25 mile drive . Now I 'm debating whether to even use the other flag at all next year .
 We purchased this unit to heat water for tea on our wood stove . Glass knob self-distructed after the second pot of tea . Glad we are tea drinkers not coffee drinkers or we 'd be sunk . The pot rocks back and forth while heating on the wood stove making quite a racket in our quiet little farm house . None of our other tea pots new or old have done this ? About ready to retire this 3 month old pot to become the chicken feed scoop .
 Junk , missing dome and basket . Looks good but how do I make coffee with a missing dome and BASKET ?
 I bought this percolator to replace an aluminum WWII era percolator , that still works excellent , because I wanted to move away from cooking with aluminum . The actual weight of the pot and lid is nice , however , the interior parts are quite flimsy . I even had to bend a piece back into shape before I could use the pot for the first time . The stainless basket is nice but the lid to the basket does n't fit tight in the basket and you end up with a lot of grinds in the coffee . On my old aluminum percolator the basket lid actually snaps tight into the basket . This is a typical Corporate American profit squeezing product . I do n't expect it to last very long at all and will get used to flossing the grinds out of my teeth .
 I purchased and received this percolator over a week ago . I read most of the reviews on this product before purchasing it . I needed a large durable percolator to take on trips so I did n't have to take my wonderful porcelain Berggren percolator that I use daily at home . I have only used the Coleman 12-cup percolator three times due to the strong unbearable metallic taste and the defective stem/spreader . I used the same method for percolating coffee in the Coleman 12-cup stainless steel percolator as I do for my 9-cup Pyrex -LRB- clear glass -RRB- percolator , my 9-cup white porcelain Berggren -LRB- Scandinavian -RRB- percolator and my new purchase ... the 12-cup stainless steel Rapid Brew percolator . This Coleman percolator takes forever to perk . The water just boils . When it does start perking , it is not continuous as with my other percolators . It perks for a second , dies down then perks inconsistently , whether on HIGH , MID-HIGH or MEDIUM heat . I 'm wondering if the wrong stem/spreader was mistakenly put with this percolator . The bottom of the stem slides over the convex bottom of this percolator . The Coleman percolator looks nice and is heavy stainless steel ? -LRB- there are no markings that identify it being made of stainless steel . Only a stamp on the bottom `` Coleman '' -RRB- ... and where can the awful unbearable metallic taste originate from ? As far as the issue with the glass bulb breaking that has been mentioned in a lot of reviews , I did not encounter that problem . If you need a durable stainless steel percolator , I would recommend the 12-cup Rapid Brew stainless steel percolator . It has been working out fine for the last couple of weeks .
 I have had this product less than a month and the glass part of the top broke off during me making coffee . It is from China and another representative product from there . Had i known it was foreign made , I would have looked elsewhere . Coleman 's name was one of the reason that I bought the pot . I will make sure I research things more in the future.This product is a total failure in my mind . The least that should happen is for Coleman to replace the glass part of this pot . The best would be for a quality replacement be made by Coleman .
 Orderd this pot & it lasted 32 days before the glass dome cracked & broke from heat . Dealing with Coleman has been quite difficult . Going back to my trusty old Farberware stainless stovetop perc . Thats if I can find one .
 I had a Corningware percolator that broke . The handle melted off . Apparently , these were recalled 40 years ago for that very reason . Who knew ? But it made the best coffee ever . So I knew I wanted another percolator . I chose this one because it was heavy gauge steel with a glass top . No aluminum -LRB- alzheimer 's contributor -RRB- or plastic -LRB- taste wrecker -RRB- , so I bought it . It does n't build enough steam , heat , pressure or whatever magic makes a percolator work properly to brew a decent cup of coffee unless you want to brew a minimum of 8 cups of coffee , and even that is n't good . I am still shopping . If you would like to buy a used Coleman 12-cup percolator , just let me know .
 We really liked the idea that this was stainless steel . First one we received was dented in the spout . Second one , was dented in two places on the bottom . Amazon returns was great and they were reluctant to send us another one but we decided to try for a third one cause we used a credit and would lose out on the credit if an order not placed . So third one came in , no dents however the finish is really questionable and very rough on the top of the pot . We will keep this one but we recommend for the price of this pot and the quality that you get - PASS , PASS , PASS on this product.Update on this
 I found diffuclty making smaller amounts of coffee . Water boiled away before perking less than 6 cups . Took a long time to perk quality coffee .
 Used this umbrella cover twice before it ripped down the seam . Do n't waste your 10 bucks .
 We followed all instructions and it simply did n't work . The bottle was leaking when arrived so I am not sure if the product was spoiled or if it just does n't work at all .
 I am extremely disappointed in this canopy . I used it 3 times and the last time a storm blew in and bent the poles so it is now unusable . The company will not be held responsible for the shoddy materials and I now have a canopy that is 2 feet tall due to the bent poles !!! A horrible waste of money .
 This tablecloth bleeds . As soon as it got wet we all ended up with red checked arms ! I ordered a dozen from oriental trader for the same price and they are perfect ! Go figure!Avoid these !
 Really disappointing for a Coleman product - do n't even get it a little bit wet or it will be all over you . Dont buy !
 Unless you want the red dye smeared all over your arms do n't buy . We have just used dollar store plain tablecloths after this messy disaster !!!
 very thini should never have ordered this after reading reviewsyou get what you pay fori did not have problem with the colors runningit was just so thin and punctured very easilyfor Coleman i am quite surprised -LRB- quite dissapointed -RRB-
 I had a coleman tablecloth for several years . So when it was time to replace it , I did n't think twice . This new tablecloth is horrible . It 's very thin and not durable . I am quite disappointed .
 Reasonably put together except for the lousy gate mechanism . Just as others have said this thing only opens and closes when the unit is empty . Put any material in it and you have a gate that is stuck open with material pouring out . This unit was simply not tested in development , there is no way anyone who used this thing would approve it for mass distribution .
 Solidly built except for the Gate machanism . It jams constantely . Very POOR design of this item.Otherwise , it would be a great spreader.Knowing and owning other Agri-Fab products , I 'm very surprised that they come out with shuch a lousy mechanism for the opening gate.If it was n't for that -LRB- it makes it a very expensive conversation piece , good only as a yard ornament -RRB- I would give it a five star rating
 I PURCHASED THE AGRI-FAB 175 # ATV PULL BEHIND SPREADER EVEN THOUGH I HAD READ A BAD REVIEW ABOUT THE GATE MECHANISM . IT WAS EASY TO ASSEMBLE AND ADJUST . GATE MECHANISM FAILED TO WORK PROPERLY THE FIRST TIME I USED IT . THE GATE WOULD NOT OPEN . I CONTACTED THE COMPANY . THEY SUGGESTED ADJUSTMENTS . I HAD IT ASSEMBLED CORRECTLY . IT NEEDED NONE . THEY SUGGESTED SPRAY LUBE/GRAPHITE . I RETURNED FOR REFUND . DO NOT PURCHASE THE ATV MODEL . THE GATE MECHANISM ROD DOES NOT OPEN THE GATE . OTHER MODELS HAVE A DIFFERENT SET-UP AND WORK OK .
 The spreader works great , until you have to close the hopper . The slide rails get clogged and the slide wo n't close , then when you manually push the slide close , it wo n't open correctly . I called tech support and they said to spray it with Pledge , done that , does n't work .
 I received ther easy heat control RS-2 and installed according to directions and the unit never worked . I had to unplug the roof cables from the RS-2 unit and plug directly into an outlet to get the roof cables to work . This unit was a dud .
 I INSTALLED IT AS PER INSTRUCTIONS . EVEN CALLED THEIR CUSTOMER SERVICE TO MAKE SURE I INSTALLED IT CORRECTLY . I UN-INSTALLED IT AND RETURNED IT . IT DOES N'T WORK AS ADVERTISED . A SIMPLE LIGHTED SWITCH DID THE TRICK , ALTHOUGH I HAVE TO OPERATE IT MANUALLY . AT LEAST I CONTROL WHEN IT IS ON .
 Installation was easy . The unit worked great for 2 season and then failed completely half way through its second season . I was going to give it one more try . But , now that I see other comments from consumers who had the unit fail as well , it sounds like mine failing was not a fluke . Great product if you want to replace it every year . For over $ 100 I 'm not willing to do that .
 The cable control only came on one time , usually the sensor is under snow or ice and will not sense moisture . I normally plug the roof coil in directly in the mornings when the weather is going to be above 30 degrees to melt the roof ice and snow . I probably would not purchase another RS-2 automatic roof de-icing cable control it does not work very well for Wisconsin winters .
 I had an electrician install exterior wiring on a new 20 amp breaker , then I installed the easy heat deicing cables myself and have had no problem . But the controller has not worked at all . I saw a previous review say it only works in the presence of water and all I have is snow . That sounds odd but it does n't work .
 The RS-2 supports only 1200 watts max but it does not say that anywhere including the Easy Heat web site . The installation instructions mention this fact . Not enough current for me - I have 1400 watts.The sensor detects water . It does not detect ice or snow . So the ice must already be melting at the sensor location before the de-icing cable is turned on . One hopes that that happens before the ice dam causes water entry into your house.I sent it back .
 Absolutely the most worthless product out there . Why ? Because immediately after installation the product stopped working and froze onto the roof . Do n't waste your money on this junk !
 Have n't been able to get this product to work . Followed the instructions but had no success . Therefore not very impressed .
 This sprayer is not yet designed . The hoses are too short -- by a frustrating few inches . The pressure gage is directly on the output of the pump and therfore oscillates so violently one can not see the needle . -LRB- I will add a damper to prevent a fatigue failure of the gage . -RRB- The connector to the spray wand broke off during my first use session . -LRB- I have replaced the thin-walled plastic part with a brass part . I have replaced the cheap plastic hose clamps with real clamps to stop the leaks . The pickpup hose is curled so that the pickup screen would not stay near the bottom of the tank . I have added a weight to the end of the pickup hose.This product is not badly designed . It has not been designed at all .
 This sprayer advertises that it puts out 1.8 gallons per minute . It does not . This is an easy specification to measure so there is no doubt of the result . I spent over an hour on the phone with Agri-Fab and they were unable to make any adjustments to the pump that achieved any better than 0.6 GPM . Without regurgitating all the details , I needed at least 1 gallon per minute to achieve the dilution recommended - even if I were able to go 1 mile per hour on my tractor - and I was simply unable to achieve this.If something is advertised I expect result at least close to specifications . I am now faced with disassembling , packing , shipping at my cost , and returning this item . Amazon should enforce some truth in advertising before someone else is affected by this improper claim.Bill
 This sprayer does work but I encountered the following problems :1 . When full or near full the liquid solution comes out of the top where the hoses enter the tank spilling in areas not intended for the spray . The solution will also come out when going up or down hills if it reaches the hose areas .2 . When the switch is turned off after spraying , solution continues to drain from the boom at a fairly substantial rate . I have to turn the valve off to stop the flow .3 . There is no way that this unit will put out the maximum amount of solution that is advertised.I also own another spray rig from Northern Supply that does not have the above problems . I chose to buy this rig since I needed a bigger tank and it has its own wheels . I got those features but I wish I 'd have gone with the Northern version.On the up side , it did spray well enough and with sufficient amount of herbicide to take care of my pasture weeds .
 I took these on a 5 day camping trip , to use with my stainless steel cook set . All of the pieces show wear , the nylon is peeling off on the edges . I did n't leave them in the pans on the stove , nor did I cook anything that stuck to the pan . I am really disappointed in how cheap these were made . Buy a quality utensil set and a key ring to keep them together , but do n't buy these .
 After opening the package and handling the utensils , I noticed that my hands were red.I had to scrub the 3-piece set several times before the red ink stoped comming off , because of the concern with lead in the ink comming from China , I decided to throw the set away .
 When I got these in the mail and took them out of the packaging I noticed my hands were red ! Just touching them dies your hands red ! I washed them , and they still make everything they touch red!I realized Id be better off getting utensils at IKEA !
 Go to your local dollar store and buy some spoons and spatulas and you 'll get something of equal or better quality . I did n't have the problem with the red dye rubbing off , but regardless I would n't purchase these utensils again . The only upside is that they do n't melt -- we used them making scrambled eggs in a cast iron pan and the spatula survived .
 Upon receipt of the utensils , I realized that they were not what I wanted at all , and tried to send them back . The problem was sending them back and being charged for shipping both ways , I would be paying more than what I bought them for ! So , I kept them and decided to use them . I am giving them away as soon as I get home . I am on my camping trip as we speak -LRB- writing from a local library -RRB- and I must tell you , the tongs were useless . They are hard to grab and they rest of the items are poorly made . They are too big to put in any camping box . So , my opinion is DO N'T BUY THEM ! Total waste of money!DN
 I bought this a few weeks back for use on a cross country trip that included some car camping . The first time this was taken out of the package it was purchased in was moments before it was used at the camp site . After it 's first use we collapsed it up and packed it away . The next time we used this we immediately it started leaking . Upon closer inspection I found that the basin had developed tears at the bottom seams where the basin folds when you collapse it down for travel use.I 'm a little disappointed that this would happen this quickly after use , but I also understand that this sort of thing happens from time to time . Since I 'm still in the midst of my vacation I 'll have to find time to reach out to Coleman to see inquire what or how they 'll address this .
 This thing leaks . I ended up throwing it in the garbage awhile back after a couple of uses . I 've gone back to using 2 plastic washtubs that do n't take up that much more room -LRB- assuming you use them to store stuff in them -RRB- . So for car camping I would go with something sturdier for sure .
 It only lasted one Camping trip . The second trip it developed a leak at a place where it folds . Yes it folds for compact storage . I guess folding is a good idea to have it compact but not if the material ca n't take it . It 's very thin material . I would have paid more for a durable one . I threw it in the trash at the camp grounds as it 's not worth getting it replaced under warranty.We are now using a Rubbermaid 18qt clear storage box , we use for transporting camping stuff , as our sink . It is made of Polypropylene , it 's tough , worked in an emergency and now it is the main solution . I bet I paid $ 10 for it at a local hardware store .
 Poor PVC quality ! Filled this with water once and by the time I was finishing up -LRB- 5 minutes later -RRB- , water was already leaking from a hole caused by one of the plastic forks I put in it . Waste of $ !!!
 Very handy at first and if it had n't started leaking on the second day and completely broke down by the sixth day I would say it is great . Maybe I just had a lemon and others will be better .
 I used this product once and it is leaking in 2 spots . It also is very small and does not look as big as the picture .
 This little plastic creation is not big enough to wash dining ware of any sort , especially pots . I use it to store things .
 I attempted to use this item on my camping trip and it proved to not be usefull at all . The sides of the wash basin do not stay up so you can wash the dishes and keep all of your water in . When we used it the sides were always colapsing whether there was a lot or a little water in the basin . I will not be using this item again . most likely throw it away .
 My husband used this when camping . After the hot water was poured in , the basin became very soft and pliable . After about half way through washing dishes the first time , a hole came in the rinse side . He did not get one whole load of dishes washed . He expected better from Coleman . VERY DISAPPOINTED IN THIS PRODUCT !!
 I really despised this Coleman PVC sink and it now lives in my bin of rejected and unloved camping gear . I gave it a chance , but it is too small to be useful and very unstable . With hot water , it feels like a child 's pool toy that 's been left out in the sun . It was a waste of money . It wo n't last and will soon end up in a landfill . There are far better products out there.Seattle Sports Pack Sinksare larger and tougher . I use two of them when car camping . It costs more , but it works and makes the whole camping experience that much more enjoyable . Problem solved . You do n't need to settle for this chintzy and cramped little piece of junk . Spend a little more for something that works and that you can depend on . Go big or stay home .
 Great idea , Received in good time , BUT it leaked the FIRST TIME we put water in it . It would cost me more to return it than it cost me ! Lesson learned .
 I bought this for my scouts , it was far too small to wash anything bigger than silverware and one of the legs broke before then even filled it with water the first time . Since they were also limited to cold water because the material gets soft when on contact with heat , I decided to go back to my 5-gal bucket wash system .
 I bought this item for use with car camping . It is a simple item made entirely of plastic -LRB- with nylon straps -RRB- and is as pictured.After sitting in the gear box unused a few times out for short trips , I tried to use the product . There was a leak in one of the basins at the bottom , rendering half of the item useless . The plastic does n't stand up to the folding induced when the item is stored -LRB- as delivered -RRB- . The construction is poor and the materials are the cheapest available . Given how the product is folded for storage it is inevitable that it will leak and soon.The cost was low , but seeing as I was not able to fully use it once before breaking , it does n't matter.Don ' t buy this item .
 As all campers , I am in pursuit of products that take up less space , durable , and serve a practical need . This product was attractive for its ' space saving feature.First use it leaked , that was fixed with duck tape . Second , you cant fill it past halfway or it easily tips over and spills . Third , it is impossible to clean and a residue remains after the first use . Spilling and residue attract bugs and raccoons and they do n't mix well with camping . Second time I used it the original hole widened so this thing went into the trash . It is plastic , with plastic parts and I expected a short life span but this did n't even make one trip . Very poor product
 As some other reviewers mentioned happened to them , one side of our unit sprang a leak on its inaugural trip . The other side held up fine with no collapsing even without water in both bins . We used the leaky side as a holder between wash and wipe . It was helpful but not as helpful as the functional unit would have been.Given that some people love this and some hate it , I am wondering if the big issue is one of quality control . I am still thinking about replacing it hoping to get one of `` the good ones '' . UPDATE 9/18/2011I did purchase a second one and when we opened this one there were two holes in it . We spent some time trying to figure this out , it is a great idea . Clearly others had successful ones . We wanted ours to work ! Sadly , we are going back to the bulky 1950s porcelain basin .
 Arrived with a small tear in the corner -LRB- not on a seam -RRB- so one side did n't hold water -- out-of-the-box . I need to figure out how to repair this type of vinyl anyway ; my soft-sided portable food storage bag also has a tear . Therefore , I wo n't return it to Amazon .
 I was excited to use this sink this past weekend on a camping trip ; however , the product failed to function as promised . I unfoldeded the sink , filled it with water and immediately it began to leak . The sink hit the garbage can on the way out of the campsite .
 Way too small , it does n't even hold a single dinner plate . I hate to throw it away but that 's probably what I shall do .
 First time I unfolded and filled the washbin with water , both sides leaked . The vinyl was cracked along the bottom edges in several places . The vinyl is brittle even in the mildest of cold weather . Unfortunately , the return window for this product seems to be only about 45 days and I missed my chance to get a refund .
 After pouring in water for first use , we noticed the water level dramatically falling . We then realized there was a lot of tiny holes in the basin and it soaked everything around it . We had to throw it away after that , worthless item ! Do n't waste your money !
 This Basin is a piece of junk . It leaked the first time I used it . It is almost impossible to fold back to original size for storage , but not a big issue since it is only good for one use .
 This was such a waste of money . The first time I went to use it , it leaked all over the place . I through it away . Not even worth sending it back to get a refund . RIP OFF
 When the wash basin arrived , I was a little skeptical at the size . I was pleasantly surprised when we used it on our camping trip this past weekend that it was larger than I expected and I was able to wash full size plates and a frying pan without a problem . The fact that it folded up so compact was the reason I purchased it - that 's one less big thing we had to bring camping . One the second day , after breakfast , I went to fill the sinks and water rushed from side a to side b. . . the seam had broken . So much for that compact item in our camping gear .
 When we opened the product there were splits in both sides . We could not even patch it since the hot water made it too soft for the duct tape to stick . Not worth the $ 15 .
 The sinks are too small ! For what I think is the first time ever , I 'm returning an item purchased on Amazon . I must have had a little too much vino the night I ordered this , and did n't read the other reviews carefully enough ! The sink would barely fit my wine glass ! : - -RRB-
 We have used Savu brand from Finland for quite a while , and wondered about this new , unfamiliar brand . Then my wife researched it and found it 's made in Finland , also . But the similarity ends there!We bought a package and it 's been a total disaster . The bag sticks together , and if you pull it apart , the bottom rips and the wood chips fall out!We 're learned our lesson
 I ca n't believe that the aluminum foil on these bags cut right thru my hand.What could possibly be mixed with this foil to do something like this?Also , the food stuck to the foil on the inside , another first and the smoke smell is minimal .
 YOU NEED TO FIRST BROWN THE MEAT ... IT COMES OUT PURE WHITE -LRB- CHICKEN -RRB- AND TASTES TERRIBLE . . I WANT TO SEND THE BAGS BACK BUT HAVING TO PAY THE POSTAGE IS N'T WORTH IT . ALSO MY HOUSE SMELLS TERRIBLE ... I THINK MY DOG WANTS TO RUN AWAY !
 First , the setting slide is located where you have to hold the base , causingit to shift . Since there 's no trigger/lever to open/close to release productthis same setting slider must be used to open & close ; , which is difficult tosee & begins to dump excessive product to the ground . Also the broadcast isa very large area & not controllable . While applying fertilizer it shoots itback on your clothing & completely soiled my jacket & jeans . What a MESS !! & More work than I wanted , from something that I had hoped would save me time . -LRB- The included documentation is lacking , with only generalized settings . -RRB-
 I 'm on my second season of using the yardbug and , other than its sleek style and compact design , there is not much good to say about it . The bagging and mulching capabilities are marginal - it tends to leave large grass clippings when mulching and does not give a clean sweep when bagging . Maintenance and adjustments are difficult to perform . To change the oil requires attaching a chute that can lead to a mess . Even leveling the blade is a complicated task . Most disappointing is the cutting capabilities . Cutting tends to be uneven and I often find the mower scaulps the grass when there is any uneveness to the surface . I find the mower to be unstable when mowing on an incline and the safety features are agravating .
 I bought this unit based on a Consumer magazines good recommendation for an even cut when mulching . 4 months later I am still waiting for Yard Machines -LRB- MTD -RRB- to supply a solution for an uneven cut problem I can only attribute to poor design . I need go over my lawn twice to get average results . After deck leveling and blade changes I am now forced to bring my mower to a repair shop to have them try to fix the problem . I ca n't recommend this mower at this time . If the repair shop can fix this problem I will edit my review . BTW , I am a HVAC Mechanic so I know how to turn a wrench . UPDATE
 I have had one for 3 years and have spent more on it in repairs that I did to buy it . Do not buy .
 was shipped a different product than was pictured . was put in touch with the vendor who was terrible to deal with . had to pay for the return shipping eventhough amazon and the outdoor store agreed the item was not what was pictured . will never deal with either one again .
 Upsides
 DROPPING THE STARS ... . UPDATE : WORKED FIVE TIMES PERFECTLY THEN DEAD . Lifespan Oct to February ! Still under warranty . You spend the $ 20-30 to pack and ship it back however.INITIAL REVIEWWHAT I LOVE ABOUT IT : You will be warm and toasty.The ignition works every time.It is silent.There is some odor as it functions on HIGH but none on low.It is compact and lightweight . Nice HandlesOn HIGH it glows BRIGHT RED across its entire face.If you are experienced with propane read no further.What bothered me about the unit is the way too few instructions , videos , images on how to set this up and how it behaves when it lights.I DID NOT EXPECT A - STOVE TOP BURNER WIDE FLAME - TO BE THROWN OUT OF THE FRONT FACE of the unit.Yes that is what happens when it ignites and since I had never had any propane device of any kind I surely was surprised.Coleman is not open evenings , nights , weekends nor holidays and therefore is n't around when you are likely trying this device for the first time , to tell you anything.The pathetic manual that comes with it has mere pencil drawings that are anything but detailed.They have no video on its operation.The manual contains no color images.Their website offers no assistance.First of all to open the propane cylinder HOLD IT UPRIGHT AND REMOVE ITS CAP.Might be obvious to you but some caps on somethings do not come off as the piercing male rod of some connections are meant to go through the cap . So I did n't know ! Sorry.In this case its just like a soda bottle cap , take it off.Hold the heater grill side up and slip the bottle underneath and twist NEVER TIPPING THE BOTTLE . If you do n't have good arms you need an outdoor table for that exercise.All the while being OUTDOORS . That part Coleman tells you.Now here 's what they do n't tell you.FOR GOD 'S SAKE FACE IT AWAY FROM ANY PERSON OR FLAMMABLE THING.Be behind it in other words then PUMP THE IGNITION BUTTON.That big flame can then blow toward nothingness . Think of a flaming pizza . That 's what you are about to get.phewww.I 'm just not certain this should be called and INdoor device as not only should you attach and detach the cylinder OUTside but I think you need to be OUTside every time you pump that ignition button!Of course I bought it for an indoor cold drafty bathroom and I ca n't go outside nude each time I need to turn it on . So I 'm veeeeerry veeeeeerry careful.Also NOTE that the ENTIRE RIM OF IT IS BURNING HOT while its on , not just the pie wide face of it.One reviewer remarked that his baby in diapers is comfy enough to be just in diapers around this heater . I WOULD NOT HAVE A crawling BABY nor walking TODDLER IN THE TOUCHABLE VICINITY OF THIS DEVICE . And beyond a few feet there is n't much heat from it so I do n't know what the heck chances he/she is taking with a baby in a tent with this . Its like putting a stove burner down on the ground ! I 'm afraid for my calf and my elderly parent wo n't touch it let alone a little one . No way in hell.COLEMAN YOU NEED TO DO A VIDEO !!
 I do n't like writing reviews because it seems like it is wasting my time but I got ta let people know about this product . Igniter switch never works !!! I was out on freezing cold and tried to turn this thing on for hours and it did not work until I found someone with match at 2am . Do not buy this if you are not going to bring something to start the fire .
 I purchased this to use during tailgating.Tried it out for 1/2 hour or so and was not satisfied.Very little heat produced . Could only feel a difference if within a few inches of the heater . Would probably work just fine in an enclosed area , but not out in the open . Will need to look for something else , or just deal with the cold : -RRB- Item was returned .
 Not worth taking home , too much to pay for something that wo n't work properly .
 I should have read these reveiws before I bought . The AgriFab has a good name . But it must be for larger equipment because this unit is junk . As someone else said , way undersized in the gears and spreader equipment.I got half of my yard done before the gears stopped . I actually called the mfg and they sent me replacement parts and they stopped working almost immediately after I started ! dont ' t waste your money !!!! Junk
 The pull behind lawn spreader works good for the price . But trying to get all the parts of it delivered was another story ! Customer service would not return calls or e-mails and would not give me answers when the parts would be available .
 After assembly , you relize that the product is imported . Will meet my needs , but if you plan to use this product on a large property -LRB- 1 acre lots or larger -RRB- shop some more .
 This spreader started giving problems after just a couple of uses . Construction of gear assembly is flimsy and not adjustable . Do not buy this spreader if you want reliability . Hopper is sound . Feed adjustment slips when you start it and stop resulting in gradually increasing feed rate .
 I used this spreader to put rye grass seed on a couple of food plots , using a riding mower to pull it . It lasted all of 11/2 plots before the gears separated and the wheel stopped spinning . When I tried to see if there was something I could adjust I was amazed at just how flimsy the rotating components were and how loosly they all fit together . The hopper , wheels and tubing which hold it together are fine ; but the rest is extremely undersized . I do not recommend this unit for any application . Two thumbs down .
 this speader is junk ! used it 3 times on lawn and the gears are locked up , wheels wont turn junk junk junk
 This unit worked well at first , but after a year of service as one other reviewed stated the gears do n't stay meshed and the spreader stops spinning and the product just dribbles out the opening . The gears are sealed in a cheap plastic housing and can not be maintained without destroying the housing . Another case of stupid design.Unfortunately I did n't read the reviews on this unit until long after I had bought the unit . I sent a letter of complaint to agri-fab but they just ignored it . So I will buy a commercial grade spreader from someone reliable .
 The controls are formed of a brittle plastic . Mine broke after 2 uses . It is also difficult to translate the settings between the fertilizer manufactures and this spreader . Scott settings are not transposed for you in the instructions making the rate of spreading a gamble .
 I used the Agri Fab Broadcaster today to put down Turfbuilder with halts . It worked good for about 100 feet , then the fertilizer stopped coming out . I tried several times , but after driving for a while , I would look back and nothing was coming out . I am going to buy a real broadcaster now . You get what you pay for .
 This is a piece of junk the gears went out after only using it a few times.I bought it from Lowes a year ago , and wish I could get my money back I paid $ 129 for nothing .
 I 've had one of these for about 2-3 years . Last year the gears locked up -LRB- they are made of cheap plastic -RRB- . Going over 2 mph will burn them out . The controls move all over the place making the spread rate vary each time you use it . I am currently looking for a good quality replacement .
 Ooof ! I got suckered in on the price , and quite frankly , as one who has unwillingly been relegated to doing his own lawn maintenance due to the lack of professional results -LRB- in other words , I do because I must , not because I want to be out there over-doing lawn maintenance every weekend -RRB- , this unit should have been just fine.I literally used it 3 times on my paltry 1 acre and the spreader stopped working . I 've learned since then that this is because it has a plastic differential which is prone to stripping out early on . Make sure you buy a spreader that does not have a plastic differential . If there is a saving grace , it comes with two good tires that you can strip off before inserting the rest of the unit in the trash . Steer clear of this one at all costs .
 Almost two days of assembly and I still had to return it . A cheap price for a cheap product can mean money wasted and not money saved . Spend a little more and buy something a lot better .
 I an not at all happy with this product . The batteries never stay charged long enough to do more then half of a small hedge and my home is sourounded by hedges . I would NOT recommend this product to anyone and cant even use it . Your better off purchasing an electric hedge trimmer .
 No power and battery drains rapidly . I went electric , much better but ... watch the cord .
 This product is a worthless piece of Junk . the battery lasts about long enough to run the blades until you try and start trimming . and the blades stall with contact of bush ! I was able to use it one time . Very expensive useless trimmer .
 Beautiful heavy fabric , but the pole was too short and the noise of it hitting the top of the car was so annoying I pulled over on the freeway to take it out of the window . Would be better if it came in different lengths . I ended up cutting off the flag and using it for something else .
 Ordered this to tow behind my riding mower and was disappointed on two major counts :1 -RRB- Missing parts and stripped bolts . Proper assembly could not be fully completed due to a missing hitch plate and a poorly threaded bolt that could not be used . I managed to improvise , but sending the correct parts and a couple of extra nuts and bolts should be a minimum requirement .2 -RRB- I live in the Carolinas and the soil is too hard for this aerator . I added over 50 pounds of weight to the top of it but had minimal ground penetration . It might work on softer soil , but does n't do much for Carolina clay .
 The design of this propane stove is nice , but after a single use , the propane regulator on the stove did n't work . That left us with five camping days left to go and no way to cook . I 'm pretty disappointed as Coleman has a good reputation .
 I have used Coleman equipment all my life , so I knew that I could get good equipment from them . I was therefore extremely dissapointed with this stove . When I first fired it up , I tried the `` instastart '' feature , which appears to be a piezoelectric type . The button was very difficult to push without placing my hand on the backside of the stove , which might be hot if I had already been using the stove . The crystal did produce a spark , but repeated attempts did not start the flame , so I had to fall back on my zippo -LRB- never go camping without many sources of fire -RRB- . The first thing I noticed was flame from the wrong spot , so I stopped using the stove and cooked over a wood fire . This would not have been possible if I had been camping in one of the many places that no longer allow wood fires . When I got home , I took the stove apart to see if I could repair it . The stove required lock ring pliers to take apart , which I would have to do after every camping trip to clean under the burner pan . The burner pan has a razor edge , and I will have to treat the resulting wound after I finish this review . I found that the leak was from the copper feed tube , where it is brazed into the burner port . The damage was probably caused in shipping , but would not have occured if the manufacturers had added a quarter inch of tubing to allow for flex . This part would have eventually failed just by having it in the back of my truck , and driving on dirt roads . I was able to braze in a new , longer tube to allow for vibration and flex , and grind down the razor edge , but I will still have to disassemble the stove every time I use it to clean under the burner pan , so as to prevent drawing animals into my camp . This stove will probably work well for casual campers , but I would n't recommend it for serious campers . If you plan to camp more than a mile from a paved road -LRB- I usually rock hound fifty or more miles into the desert -RRB- , look elsewhere for a stove .
 As of today , I will have ordered and returned three of these stoves , all of which were defective out of the box . The first had a warped grate or stove top -LRB- not sure which -RRB- , which prevented the grate from sitting firmly in place -LRB- it wobbled like a table with a short leg -RRB- . The second and third both had deformed bases -LRB- stamped metal that was n't stamped properly -RRB- and so did not match up with either the stove top or the lid , leaving open holes and jagged edges along what should have been a snug seam . If I were Coleman , I 'd be pressing my Chinese suppliers for compensation for the consistently shoddy manufacture/assembly of one of my core products . I will look for something else at this point .
 I have used many Coleman products in the past and used to have high opinion of them . The two-burner stove does not have the same fit and finish as Coleman stoves used to have . In fact there is no carrying handle but a whole to slip your fingers into ! The InstaStart did not work for me no matter how hard I tried . The user manual meekly says to use a match if it does not work . Otherwise it is like any other propane stove . It heats up quickly -LRB- may be too quickly if you are cooking rice -RRB- . The stove is for our occasional use as we go through kitchen remodeling . I rather doubt if I would use it as a rugged outdoor camp stove .
 Self igniter does n't work on one side , poor fit and finish , burners are n't even straight . So called adjustable burners use 1/16 of the knob to go from off to high , the other turn and a half is just wasted motion . A true testament to how far Coleman has sunk from the quality products that made their name for 50 years . Looks like it was assembled in a Chinese kindergarten .
 poor design . comes apart easily and batteries wo n't stay in . remote works one-third of the time at best . these are used as a part of my home security system . I have about 20 of them , and i wish i had my money back instead of these . not good quality . i do n't recommend .
 purchased via the warehouse seller ; although the lantern appeared in new condition and was unused , it did n't work - using the included mantle and new kerosene , the lantern would not provide a sustained light even after mantle burn-in , pressurization and proper priming - it appeared to be either a defective generator or a faulty design , as after a minute of nice light , the mantle would burst into an orange fireball ; this happened no matter what pressure or valve setting , the result would be the same ! i was really disappointed and returned the lantern - although amazon refunded the cost , i ended up out of pocket for the shipping cost - not really happy , as this was the first item i 've ever returned to amazon ... i have used other kerosene appliances and lanterns with no problem - i hope this is n't an indication of latter-day Coleman QC and manufacturing !
 According to the Product Description on the webpage for gaultheria procumbens , Spring Hill is charging 12.99 for a 3 '' pot . A 4 '' pot of the same item retails here in the Pacific Northwest for $ 2.50 .
 I am completely unhappy with this griddle . The main issue is that the angled sides leave very limited room for cooking pancakes , which is what we usually have when camping . It would have been better if it was made with a larger flat surface with a small lip around the edge . Also , the non-stick surface has not held up , even with careful use . It certainly needs to have a thicker coating of more durable material . Finally , this Coleman griddle does n't fit on the Coleman 2-burner stove -- go figure . I suppose it might be good for making a really big omelet , though that 's not something I typically cook in the woods . Overall , I think it 's a poor design and I 'm sorry I did n't return it immediately .
 I purchased this griddle to replace my over-used , once-upon-a-time-non-stick worn out light-weight griddle . Unfortunately , I was n't very satisfied with the Coleman Steel Non-Stick Griddle for two-key reasons .1 -RRB- Lack of cooking surface area : As one can see by the photo its edges are not very steep . Consequently a great deal of cooking area is lost . Now this does have some benefits such as safely holding and then pouring off excess bacon grease when it is necessary . If - on the other hand - one is making pancakes the resulting lack of a cooking surface severely impacts the production rate , which can be a bothersome when cooking for more than three people .2 -RRB- Poor cooking results : The griddle does n't distribute heat well -LRB- even for a lightweight griddle -RRB- . I 've uses other lightweight griddles and have been much happier with their performance . When I used this grill I cooked over a Coleman two-burner stove and I found that the heat remained focused under the burner which led to some well-done-barely-cooked-two-toned pancakes even after I adjusted the burners several times.Ultimately I have another griddle that is well used , and when our camping trip was over I decided to donate the Coleman griddle to a local Boy Scout troop and returned to my old , worn , lightweight griddle .
 This griddle is too small to fit over both burners and too big to fit over one . It was n't worth the money at all . The quality of it was decent , though .
 Have to give this a one-star . Definitely not worth the money . You can get this identical product at Wal-Mart for $ 13.99 , but it 's not even worth that . It fits over both burners of a Coleman stove , but the griddle only heats directly over the burner . The griddle does n't evenly heat . And most importantly , it is definitely NOT nonstick . The first time I used the griddle , I made pancakes , and from the first pancake , all stuck to the nonstick surface . Subsequently , it appears as though the surface was burned off by the heat of the burner -LRB- even though it was on low -RRB- . Now , I have a useless griddle . I will pay more money for a heavier griddle next time .
 Beware !! I bought one of this units in Venezuela about two months ago , and after using it for 15 MINUTES the high pressure hose broke . Yes , the equipment has a warranty , but the local dealer is out of the replacement parts needed and will not exchange the equipment for a new unit -LRB- which has probably the same problem -RRB- ; B&D ; Service Net site in USA states that the spay gun and hose needed are back ordered and that there is `` no release date at this time '' for the parts . It sucks !! I totally lost confidence in B&D ; , will buy it never again ! As last , after a 2 months wait , I got the replacement gun and hose . Then , I began to wash my patio and , after aproz . 1 hour of use , either the motor or the pump stalled !!! This washer is definitively a pice of junk ! If I could rate it with negative numbers I would .
 These coolers have a push-in drain , rather than the screw type available on some models . I ordered two coolers , and one leaked like a sieve - the case was mis-drilled such that the inside drain gasket could never seal . The other only leaked a little bit - still unacceptable . I sent them both back - really appreciate Amazon 's return policy .
 I bought this product through Amazon for a great price in the summer of '09 before we went on a 3 week camping trip . We already have a larger cooler that has lasted us for quite a few years , and although it has thicker walls than the average cooler , it is not quite as thick-walled as the Coleman . The Coleman worked fine for 10 days or so until my wife tried to slide the packed-full cooler to the back of our truck . The weight inside the cooler was too much for the cheap plastic handle and the handle broke right off!Next time , I 'll spend more money and buy something that lasts . I 'll be looking for something with much stronger handles . There are certainly better options out there ; even the rope style we have on our old cooler are still going strong in a much larger and heavier cooler when packed full of ice and food .
 I bought this for the Next Hurricane . But I found I needed it immediately to store tea , dips , cokes , etc. for an up-coming party.I placed two 64-oz plastic jugs of hard ice and two 1/2 quart containers of hard ice in the chest . Then I put in one chilled 2-quart container of tea , two small bowls of chilled dip , and several chilled 8-oz Cokes . This was done by 10 p.m. one evening . By 8 a.m. the next morning , the ice in the containers had thawed by half . By the next day , all ice had thawed to cold water . The chest was in 75 F. ambient temperature , no where near the sun.Here 's what really chapped me . On day three -LRB- the day of the party -RRB- , I raised the lid into the open position and took out the dips to take to the kitchen . I inadvertently left the lid open From the the kitchen , I heard an awful noise . l went into the room where the chest was sitting and discovered the lid had fallen off , a victim of gravity -LRB- hey ! are n't we all ! -RRB- and popped out all the hinge screws !!! So , I do n't recommend this product at all.Jim Averill
 I have an aluminum table that has been in the family for well over 30 years and has been heavily used . I thought this table was the same quality since the picture is the same as my old table and it was described as aluminum . This table is very flimsy . When you unfold it to set it up , the top pieces do n't match so you have a gap in the middle of the table top . I expected better of Coleman .
 I bought this to place craft items on to sell at a craft show . I was a bit disappointed in the quality . The top of the table is metal -- a very thin metal . When placing heavier items on the table , the thin metal `` dips '' in a bit . Also , the table is not that sturdy . A couple features I did appreciate was the size of the table and the ease of transit . Fits well into a trunk . Saying that , it 's decent , but not the best . Had I known the top of the table was so flimsy , I would have paid extra for a plastic composite top .
 When I buy something inexpensive , I do n't expect high quality , but I expect a useable product . Not only did this come with a hole in the table -LRB- which is n't difficult to do since it 's cheap particle board -RRB- but it does n't hold up well for anything of any weight . I suppose if you are lucky enough to get one that is n't damaged and you plan to use it for lightweight table settings , playing games , or some other light use it may be fine ; once mine is done with it 's temporary purpose it will be used for trash . Amazon will make it right so know this reivew is strictly my opinion of the product .
 NOTE
 I ordered 2 of these flimsy tables . They were not only expensive to ship , but one arrived damaged . The one that was not damaged in transit would not even open fully , meaning that people 's drinks would slide off the table . These are the most flimsy tables I have ever encountered . If it were n't for the replacement tables I found at costco , the party I planned would have been a disaster .
 This table is not appropriate for sitting at - it is only up to knee-height -LRB- which is n't made explicitly clear on the advertising -RRB-
 Like the first review said this trimmer does not cut off clean . You end up with chewed off instead of cut trimmings . My old trimmer -LRB- not a B & D -RRB- was 100 % better . I am sorry that I purchased this inferior trimmer .
 `` Trimmer '' saws and chews -LRB- splinters -RRB- its way through shrubs , bushes , etc. . No one can say it cuts . It does successfully chew to length .
 I bought this product and cooked with it ONCE over a wood fire and the glue holding it together melted away and when I picked it up , a searing hot piece of metal flew back and burned my arm .
 Decent design and price . Did the job but not without a few casualties . The slots are too wide and a few hot dogs easily slipped through . .
 The grill leaves much to be desired . While it heats quite rapidly , using little fat will cause food to stick and permanently alter the so called `` non stick surface . '' It 's lightweight , making it easy to pack for outdoor use , but its lightweight may ultimately cause its cooking difficulties.The product is quite inferior to other Coleman cooking utensils .
 This griddle does n't have a very good nonstick finish . It is hard to clean & easily scuffed using a no-scratch pad . Once the surface is scuffed , everything you cook on it will stick , no matter how much oil you use.It is the perfect size to fit over 2 burners of over a camp stove or 2 RV burners . Probably too small for household use .
 Have had two of these griddles . They warped easily . Go with a TFal griddle for about $ 30 . Much better quality , same size , deeper sides -LRB- about 1 '' deep compared to about 1/4 '' on this Coleman -RRB- , and better handles . The nonstick surface on the first one we owned got trashed when I overcooked some eggs and underapplied sufficient oil . Get the TFal !
 Zero gravity chairs are supposed to recline to an almost horizontal position . The standard size does not - while it reclines , you are still upright . I sent it back . Bought the XL and it reclines to horizontal as expected . Do not buy this chair -LRB- in standard size -RRB- if you want a REAL zero gravity chair .
 Works ok if you are a very skinny person . I am a little older and not as small as I was as a teenager . It 's pretty comfortable . I would n't recommend it for purchase or to anyone . Sam 's sells the same style for around 60 dollars and it 's much wider and more comfortable
 After just three weeks the fastener at the end of the string broke off and I had to repair it.Also the string is already wearing out and will probably need replaced very soon.Bad design .
 Was great at first but after less than two months , it drips even when the handle is not pressed and the spray patterns are not as focused as they used to be .
 This is the second of the multi-spray nozzles I have purchased . Both have started leaking within months -- this one in 4 months .
 I 've used this about 6 months . After about 4 months of frequent use , it would get stuck `` on '' constantly . A little WD-40 helped , but not for too long . Then , a short ~ 1-2 foot drop to the sidewalk cause the whole head to break off . -LRB- Cheap plastic -RRB- Not much great here ... perhaps all sprayers like this stink though ?
 We ordered the Dramm 12706 Revolver 9-Pattern Premium Garden Hose Nozzle , Berry color , and to put it nicely , the ordering was the best part of ownership . the proiduct has not worked correctly since day one , with waster squirting out between the berry controller and the black sprayer . We will never order a Dramm agai . Just plain bad .
 This product is not made in the USA . You should take it off your page that says it is . I called the factory to confirm it .
 I think I ended up purchasing this due to the wonderful color choices . I chose Yellow , its super easy to see in the grass . That 's where my positive review of this product ends . It never worked correctly from the start . All functions worked great , except the soaker . It sort of just squishes water out of a little bit of all of the other functions and around the edge ... Comparing it to any hose nozzle I 've used in the past this is n't how the soaker function is designed to work . It was n't hardly worth my effort to send it back . The other -LRB- and more important to me -RRB- functions worked so I just dealt with it . I have now had it for right about two months and I realized the little metal piece that holds the on/off grab bar on the `` on '' position is missing . Now THAT was a function I deem essential . I used it all the time . I think two months is a little bit short to fall apart ! Its possible that I got a bad apple , but I would n't buy the identical model to replace it . I 'll try something else .
 After using this for only a couple of months it broke . The internal plastic part is cheap and will not last long .
 This nozzle seemed to be well made and it worked great for a few weeks.After about 2 months of occasional use -LRB- maybe used it 4-5 times during that time -RRB- , the whole nozzle started to leak water everywhere . Another reviewer mentioned that the internal components of this nozzle are made from cheap plastic and will break easily from regular use , and it seems they were right . No pressure at all on the trigger and there is water going everywhere . I just turn on the hose and immediately this nozzle starts leaking water.Don ' t waste your money , get something better .
 I bought this in the berry . It is really solid and is holding up well with all of the watering I am doing during the drought we are currently in . Highly recommend.Will update my review if there are issues.Update and Ratings Change
 I just purchased this item . It shows up quickly but one of the setting is a total dud . Definitely not a good sign for a low-tech product which has been around for decades .
 These are supposed to last for years . Ours lasted TWO MONTHS-just long enough to be outside of amazon 's return timeframe . Three of the four I bought leak so badly I am throwing them out . -LRB- And two of them arrived broken , so that really means 5/6 did n't last one summer . -RRB- I faithfully drain the water out of them after each use , so it ca n't be excess pressure . They only reason the 4th one does n't leak is because I 've only used it twice.They leak horribly : about 75 % of the water leaks out of the sides , leaving the remaining 25 % to dribble out of whatever the dial is set to . No mist , no jet , no soaker . Just a gush of water getting all over my hand and nothing on my plants.An email to the company went unanswered.UPDATE
 This nozzle does the job but tends to leak on certain settings . I have other nozzles that are better - the quality is n't great and I would n't recommend .
 Every single one of these multi-spray pistol grip nozzles breaks within months of buying . The weakness is that there is one very lame washer that has to deal with all the pressure of the water . It does n't last and water starts , not dripping , but gushing from the sides of the nozzle . I am looking for any tips on a nozzle that would last for at least a year . At $ 15-20 a pop these nozzles are one of my biggest garden equipment expenses . And I hate to think what the local landfill looks like with all these old nozzles in the heap . That makes this product unacceptable at any price in my mind .
 This is a nice hose nozzle with a good selection of patterns including `` soaker '' which is great for water plants and trees . The only problem is it last for one year and then leaks , just like the other reviewer had mentioned
 Loved it for a few days . After about 10 short usages -LRB- I only have a small patio to water -RRB- , the thumb switch controlling water flow quit , and water could no longer be turned off . If it had lasted it would have been great . Now I 'm trying the all metal Dramm nozzle .
 My nozzle broke after several weeks with minimal use . The valve on the inside quit working and water ran through it nonstop .
 I purchased 2 of these , one in green one in blue . The blue one is typical of Chinese made junk . I use the center setting on the dial a lot and on this one the water sprays all over the place instead of in the center like it 's supposed to . The little wire placed in front of the handle to hold the pressure down so you do n't have to keep holding the handle when you are watering large areas is crooked and wo n't fit underneath the plastic piece because the hole drilled through the plastic to hold the wire on is drilled crooked . It 's a piece of junk but I needed it right away so I 've been living with it for months but will toss it before spring . The green one of the same brand is perfect . You 'd think that whoever picks the items to ship out would notice the defect on the wire and pull another one since they were n't packaged in any way and it 's obvious how crooked the wire is . I 'll probably order another one and hope it 's as good as the green one since I 've looked everywhere but ca n't find one thats NOT made in China and I need one . It 's a crap shoot that 's for sure . I 'm sure the color had nothing to do with the quality though . But I can attest to one thing . Chinese made items usually look great but they fall apart very quickly and are made of inferior materials .
 This is the worst hose nozzle I ever used . It is really heavy and awkward ... holding the lever down is uncomfortable and none of the spray choices works well except for `` shower '' which dribbles a bit and unless you keep pressure on the lever , it is much too weak . I hate this nozzle . The jet spray is a joke and the other sprays barely work . I prefer mymuch cheaper half broken nozzle where the spray is controlled by the pressure you put on the lever .
 I was happy to find a red watering nozzle so I ordered 2 of them . I also have a red garden hose and other red accessories . When I opened the box , it contained a purple one and a green one ! I contacted them for a return request and after 2 emails , they still did n't give me one , but wanted to give me a partial credit instead , which is not what their return policy states . I finally gave in because I figured summer would be over before I actually received a red one . Then they told me there is n't even a choice of colors !! So why then do they offer a choice of colors in their listing , I asked . Oh well .
 Purchase this inverter for my rv , within two days the led screen stopped working , only shows part of the voltage numbers . The cables that came with the unit are to large for a standard 12 volt plug . Going to try and return the unit .
 It 's hard to say if this is a great product or not because it only hooks up to battery with alligator clamps not the cigarette lighter like the other one I had . So , this is not going to be easy but it will have to be hardwired to the battery . UGH this is not a quick easy to go with so that my family can travel with a place to charge all the electronics or a TV ... so it 's kind of a waste for me because it 's going to have to be mounted in one vehicle and with alot more effort .
 ANT_ON_LINE will not work with me to get a refund as the item is not what they have in their advertisement and I ca n't use it as it arrived!The Whistler product may be great , but they should not use ANT ON LINE as a dealer if they are not responsible for their ads or to their clients .
 First the rake came incomplete . Then when I received the missing partthe screw was not included and I had to scrounge to find the right screw.After I finally got it together I found it was too short . I tried tocall Customer Service , left a message but never received a reply . I am5 ' 10 '' and I had to bend to use it . The leaves I tried to pick up were wetand the rake was n't sturdy enough to hold them all together .
 I was disapointed . The rake was rather heavy , and awkward . However , I could have lived with this , but the rake simply does n't pick up enough leaves to make it worthwhile . When you `` close '' the rake , most of the leaves are forced out . I returned the rake . The good news is that the Amazon return process is really slick .
 I have had this recliner for a little over 3 months . It is very comfortable , even if you 're not 6 feet tall , although the arms are a little low . Also it is squeaky , and spraying silicone at the joints I can see does n't seem to fix it much . However , one of the laces just frayed through . They are supposed to last for 2 years , but this set did n't . I have just bought replacement laces , since they are specifically excluded from the warranty . But it seems to me that they should have lasted a lot longer than 3 months . The recliner has n't been subject to any inappropriate use -- only used by one person at a time -LRB- nowhere close to the weight limit ! -RRB- , no children jumping on it or anything.It does n't much matter that the laces were n't under warranty , since the warranty appears to require you to ship the whole recliner to an authorized dealer at your own expense to get warranty service . It 's pretty unlikely I would have done that in any case.All in all a nice recliner , but do n't depend on it.Update
 The pump was delivered with a bad motor and would n't run . The manufacturer sent a service person who replaced the motor but damaged another pump and the pool controller . The cost for these repairs will far exceed the cost of the Pentair pump .
 Pump was very easy to install , direct replacement for out AO Smith . It seems to work well or at least a lot better then our 20 year old pump it replaced however it is quite a bit louder ! I was suprised at the noise especially since the description promoted how quiet it was supposed to be ! Good price at $ 278 , local stores were almost twice that .
 contacted poolman about the run and cut off problem.they want the installation picture and the electrians name and number and the reciept.what good is the one year warranty.i do not recommend this product.junk!fist off , i think you folks at poolman are not even are worthy of your name.you sell pool equipmentand do not have your own product help line . i fixed the problem myself and you will never know what was wrong.you rake in the cash , but do not have a customer relationship with anyone.we just but stuff from and that is what you want.if a customer has a problem you termiate your responsibility from the product and have the customer deal with the factory.you will never see another buck from me.angelo
 BEWARE !! Pentair does not warranty labor on this pump , parts only . Amazon and Pool Supply Warehouse are trying to help me.I received the pump 7 days after ordering it . That was pretty good considering I ordered it on Dec. 16 , 2011 at the height of the Christmas mail blitz . It was installed on Dec. 23 , 2011 -LRB- I live in Florida -RRB- IT LEAKS -LRB- not from the plumbing -RRB- . Pentair has put me in touch with a local pool company but it turns out the factory warranty only covers parts . The Pentair affiliate wants to charge me $ 125.00 for labor to replace the seals that were defective from the factory . Change the review to no stars . Bummer.The installation was tricky because the plumbing was not compatible with the Hayward I was replacing . Not a big deal though . The big deal is that the pump is NOISY , far from `` whisper quiet `` and a drip developed . . Upon checking to see if the noise was from improper seating on the slab I noticed a water leak from underneath the motor . I checked all the pipes and all the fittings were bone dry , so I am guessing it was shipped brand new with a bad O ring or gasket somewhere . Pentair says that each unit is tested before shipping . It did arrive with traces of moisture but now I am thinking that this was a unit that might have been returned.I did not use the union kit supplied with the pump . My installation already had unions . the pump had inside and outside threads which was good . However the o rings supplied with the union kit were too big , good thing I did not have to use it.I am not happy .
 I purchased this Pentair pump because of good luck and longevity of the last similar Pentair pump I had . Hoping to get a similar run out of this pump but time will tell . As of now it is running quiet and strong.Now my complaint
 I bought this pump in May and it worked beautifully for a few months . I turned it off for a vacation in August and all it ever did after was hum . The cost of repair -LRB- labor -RRB- was more than a replacement of different brand . Suggest staying away for this brand as they do not provide a warranty worht the paper it is wrriten on .
 The chair itself is reasonably comfortable but the foot rest bar is in the way when getting in or out of the chair and is hard on bare feet . When the chair is reclined the foot rest bar is uncomfortable unless wearing shoes . I have had to end up using a separate footstool.Also the instructions say that the straps supporting the seat and back are not under warranty and should be replaced every two years ! Thre is no mention as to how to obtain the new straps . I feel this information should be included in the product description . I would not buy another one .
 Got 2 of them , but unfortunately had to return them . Still too short for a guy of 6.3 ' . The fabric does n't go down far enough , i.e. there is no support for the lower leg/heel . In other words not comfortable unless you 're willing to put a cushion over the lower bar , which is a hazzle .
 Ordered and received two Faulkner XL Forest Green recliners and after 2 weeks on the back deck they are now blue and no longer match our patio furniture .
 I 'm a larger person but weigh less than the upper range rating listed for this chair . Although it seated comfortably the first three uses , on the fourth use a critical `` plastic '' part snapped making the chair useless . I 'll be applying for relief under the 2 yr . waranty , but I found it incongruous that a chair made of powder coated steel for strength depended on a small , thin piece of plastic less than a 1/2 in . in width ?? Why would n't all parts be similarly designed for strength .
 Do not purchase this chair . I ordered my first one through Amazon and within two months , the webbing ripped out -LRB- though used by my son who weighs 150 pounds -RRB- . Amazon refunded and thinking it was a bad luck of the draw , I ordered a second . Since Amazon discontinued the chair , I ordered through one of their `` trusted partners . '' Within two months of getting the new chair , the lacing disintegrated . Kotula 's , the seller , told me too bad that they only had a 30-day return policy -LRB- though they had n't posted that -RRB- . So I called the manufacturer and he told me that many things wear out in two months . He had the audacity to tell me that oftentimes if you buy a new car , the brakes will wear out in two months . Told him that was ridiculous and had no bearing on his faulty chair . Indicated that I either wanted my money back or the chair repaired . He said that the only thing he could do was to send me more lacing and that I could repair it myself . So apparently , that 's their 2-year warranty policy . What a joke ! I see under these comments that I 'm not the only one that has experienced this type of breakdown . Save your money and purchase something that will last longer than 60 days . If this chair was in fact a car , there 'd be a federally mandated recall within minutes !
 I returned this recliner because the bungi broke . I weigh 225 lbs and this XL recliner was rated for 350 lbs . If it 's made in China do n't buy it . I only had the recliner for 2 weeks when it failed .
 Just got my Faulkner chair yesterday and was so happy with how good it felt . Then I discovered that a crucial locking device to hold the position in place did not work at all . The part is made of cheap plastic ! I closed the lock facing in , I tried closing it facing out . Nothing held the chair in place . Very annoying . I am not a big heavy fattie , I am a 5 ' 5 '' 108 lb 65 year old woman and it does n't matter a bit . Why does the chair seem good overall yet with the key parts they are so poorly made ? I just wrote an email to the company but based on other comments here I see the attention I get may be next to nil . I hope for the best .
 I purchased this 11 months ago at Amazon and it was very comfortable but did not hold up to ratings , I weigh ~ 270 and 1st the lacings for the cloth part of the seat started breaking , then the cloth itself tore . Such a shame .
 Wish I would have taken others advice.Chair lasted 8 months inside house.Do yourself a favor and avoid Faulkner.U wo n't regret it that way .2 year warranty is a lie !
 The Sandals did not perfrom as expected . The strap retaining clips broke during use and I was unable to continue use of them . I have not contacted the seller , but I will.The tool provided did not allow for easy assembly.Because the nuts were of poor quallity it was difficult to tighten properly . I used my own tools and was successful at that point . It took quite some time to fully assemble and the instruction manual provided was of no use.If the clips had been made from metal it would have been the perfect tool for my lawn.I would probably not recommend it for others for purchase .
 I thought this was a great idea , and it still could be . Two problems
 The idea is great , but the product is n't . You need to have very large feet and large work boots to wear these . I have a womens size 10 , and they did n't fit well . The straps were as tight as possible and the shoes continued to wiggle loose . To use , I had to pull a foot out of the ground , then push it into another area , working one foot at a time , that is with dry hard soil . With soft soil , it was a challenge to move at all , it felt as if the ground was sucking the shoes into it . Too much effort to use . My shoes will now gather dust .
 Very unhappy ... product is very hard to use and is cheap . I was unable to use it because the straps are not strong
 Lawn aeration shoes are a fine idea , but this model has a critical flaw that needs improvement.The toe strap works fine , but the back strap and heel stop combine to fail to hold the foot in place , and after just a few steps your foot pops out . Tightening the back strap sufficiently to hold is a dangerous idea , because the flimsy plastic sinch will snap.My workaround solution was finding a now disposable pair of shoes , and using liquid nails to bond them permanently to the aerators .
 I bought this because they looked heavy duty . I spiked about 10 square feet of my yard and the buckles became loose . When I went to tighten , the buckle snapped -LRB- very cheap plastic -RRB- . I did not pay much for these so I guess I ca n't complain much , you get what you pay for , but I would have hoped they lasted longer than 10 square feet . I was going to buy new metal buckles , but the nylon straps -LRB- heavy duty -RRB- are sewn & glued around the buckle . If it was n't for the crappy buckles , I would say good buy for the money . Otherwise they are n't worth it .
 Very difficult to wear and use on the lawn . Foot keeps getting stuck in the dirt and grass.Much better to get a person with an aeration machine . Maybe a strong , young man coulddo better then we did ????
 I should have listened to the reviewers prior to my own . They broke within the 1st 3-4 mins and are pieces of garbage . I would send them back but they are in pieces ! The only thing they are good for now is possibly using the extremely sharp -LRB- CAUTION -RRB- spikes for bashing my brains in for this incredibly stupid purchase !
 This is the worst waste of money that i have ever spent . Within three minutes on one broken , the other one kept falling off . The first three minutes were great . Do you realize how much walking you would have to do to do a whole yard ? It would take days .
 This product is of poor quality . The very first step I took on the grass with these , the straps came loose , upon tightening them , the snap simply broke.Seemed like a good simple idea . . not so much !
 Received this product as promised -LRB- good job Amazon ! However the product is poorly designed in a way that the strap broke on first use !
 Broke on my first step taken . Going to return to get my money back !! I would not suggest this product .
 Definetely not worth the money I should had followed the reviews . while trying to tighten the straps one of them broke .
 I ca n't use this item as they will not stay on my feet no matter how hard i try to secure them !
 I 've tried using these aerator sandals multiple times , and it is always the same outcome
 Obviously the designer spent less than 5 minutes with his prototype before sending it off to China . So now he has 2000 pair , realizes the problem belatedly , and has to price them cheap so buyers will not bother sending them back.SOLUTIONS FOR YOU : A. BOLT a pair of old shoes to them ... Not a simple task but it overcomes the useless straps and works great . Pick a well made lace up oxford style to assure a steel shank in the soul . Boots would work but tougher to get down inside for the heel bolt and oxfords offer a different walking motion that makes it easier to raise the spikes out of the ground . Recess heavy diameter but short -LRB- 1-1/2 '' is fine -RRB- flat head screws in the shoe down through the unit . Add washers . Drill straight through the toe end in two places . cut or drill two fat round openings in the vamp to insert/access the screw heads . The steel shank in the heel is tough to penetrate but stick with it and water down the hot drill tip.B . There are enough `` extra '' strap location holes in the soul of the unit itself to rework strapping in a different configuration than the way it arrives . Could add additional strap material and buckling found elsewhere if needed . Have n't tried it but seems reasonable .
 I bought this on the recommendation of a famous gardener -LRB- his DVD -RRB- , but was very disappointed . The problem is that the sandals kept coming off , which caused a lot of frustration . No matter how I tied it down , it would eventually come loose and fall off . It 's a nice idea , but this particular version is a waste of money . Instead , I recommend the standard aerator too , the Yard Butler M-7C Lawn Spike Aerator , also available here on Amazon . That is very effective and a much better value over this particular product .
 I should have listened to the negative reviews . The plastic straps on these broke within seconds of trying to get these tight enough . I finally ended up having to duct tape these to my shoes . Once I was able to do that , they finally held tight . When I finished , I noticed that two of the spikes were bent . I guess I must have stepped on a root or something . Will not be purchasing these again !
 Obviously these are in effective . But makes a great joke gift . So now they are asking me to write at least 20 words . I would not have bought these for any other reason - it was a joke . Who knows maybe they work . I 'll never know .
 I decided to try these out , even though there were numerous bad reviews , and what a waste of time it was . These aerator shoes are probably the worst engineered product I have ever seen . One of the extremely cheap plastic buckles snapped off the first time I put them on my feet , so that one had no chance of staying on . But even the other one that did n't have defective buckles , would n't stay on my foot . As soon as I took a single step , my foot slipped right out of the shoe . It 's literally impossible for these things to stay on your feet . It 's like somebody said `` Let 's just engineer something and put it on the market without testing it in any way whatsoever '' . These things are overpriced by about $ 25 . Yes , I know that 's more than the cost of the product , but they should be paying us to test it for them , because that 's exactly what 's happening . I 'm returning mine immediately .
 I should have been prepared . I started a paint/epoxy job in the home garage and put these on after I was nearly done . Had I known the strap was going to break THAT easily , I would have been better prepared with Velcro or something , anything !
 Within 10 minutes , the buckles on both shoes broke . I had to tie the straps around my feet to keep them on . The spikes are high quality , but with such horrible a system to attach them to your feet they really are n't usable .
 I only gave this a 1 star because you can not leave 0 stars . The straps broke with in 10 minutes of using it and my ground was not even that hard ... . absolutely a waste of money . STAY AWAY
 The shoes looked good . I thought this was an easy way to aerate my lawn . I used them once and the straps failed to secure the spikes to my shoes . I then tried to tighten them and the strap broke on one . I would not recommend this product .
 you can tighten them as much as you want and with the first step they 'll come off of your feet
 these things were horrible ! I get my right foot in , tighten it , take one step , snap ! the belt breaks . Then I rig it with some cable to get it to stay on . Start walking around and these things start ripping up the ground and my feet get really heavy . Maybe it was too wet , but this was terrible . Tried to walk for about five minutes before I started cursing and yelling , and then ripped them off my feet and straight in the garbage . throwing them away was a great feeling !
 I purchased this item because I thought it would be better than making something similar myself ... why not let someone else to do right . Well , I did like the plastic shoe design , though I 've only used it once ... what I did n't like is the cheap plastic buckles . In fact I broke two of them simply cinching them up around my boots and I did n't even put that much tension on them . These shoes would be a reasonable buy if the manufacturer just used a reliable metal buckle ... I picked up a set of two for each shoe at my local camping store and they seem to work fine ... go figure . Bottom line ... unless you want to change out the buckle ... pick a different solution.IV
 My only concern with this product is looking like a huge buffoon in my front yard . Anyone had that problem yet ?
 I should have read the reviews before i bought this ... it is very cheaply made and will break before you take a step in it ... if only i had read the reviews ... please dont buy it ... it is not a good product at all .
 I had to buy velcro to keep it on . . Not sure why they wouldnt fix this problem
 One of the shoes broke in the first few minutes , the straps need to be much stronger . There is no good way to attach these to your feet so that they do n't slip off . Poorly designed product and you get what you pay for . To do the job properly you are going to have to shell out more that $ 10.00 .
 Never got to use these shoes as the cheap plastic buckle on one of the straps broke as I pulled to tighten .
 The shipping cost was ridiculous but the price of the sandals seemed too good to be true ... until I tried to assemble them . The directions were not helpful and the lock nuts used to tighten the spikes did n't even fit . The sandals wo n't fit a normal sized foot.Beware ; you get what you pay for !
 I tried these on my lawn . The straps would n't stay tight so I kept slipping out of them -LRB- I wore boots -RRB- . Also , the sod was getting stuck in them so I was basically pulling up the turf instead of aerating . After 10-20 feet one of the little nails broke out of them . I tried pulling the straps tighter to keep my shoes from lifting out and the cheap plastic strap keeper broke on one of them.Don ' t waste your money .
 the same day I tried themthey broke @ the strap & they are hard to keep on your feet when walking on your lawn , i would buy these again if they were to make them more comfortable & extra durable !
 As I was putting these shoes on for the first time , the plastic buckle broke . Upon further inspection , I found that the buckles were so flimsy and cheap breaking them is inevitable . Without ever having been used , I tossed these shoes into their proper place . The trash can.The company that is making this garbage knows darn well they are putting out crap . No company who shows such little regard for the hard earned money of their customers deserves to be in business .
 The buckles on these things are garbage . DO NOT BUY.One side broke while trying to put the shoe on for the first time . I started walking around on the lawn with the one shoe that did n't break , and the straps on that one kept loosening every 10 steps or so . . The `` good '' shoe 's buckle finally gave out on the 2nd tighten . So for 10 bucks , I got about 20 steps with one shoe.Unless you plan on fashioning your own strap system , pass on these .
 Thought I would wear these while mowing the yard , sort of &#34; kill two birds with one stone &#34; , aerate the soil while mowing the yard . Wrong . I found them hard to move in , sort of like trying to walk in quicksand or thick mud .
 I feel these are dangerous ! I used them with hiking boots when they flipped , thank god . They rely on the end of the platform to hold the shoe -LRB- I used both shoes and boots -RRB- in place . If it fails , the platform can flip and the spikes might penetrate your shoe 's sole . I am lucky , I was wearing boots when this happened as the spike almost made it 's way to my footIMHO , you should consider renting an aerator , it 'll save you time , and , I feel , potentially , the cost of a tetanus shot .
 Great idea , just really hard to use . I did manage to get them on , tried to aerate my lawn , and finally gave up . They did not come with instructions on how to place them on your feet so that they would stay on when the user is stomping around the lawn . And it looks so simple , how could you screw up ? Now they just take up space in my garage .
 It tears whole climps of dirt that cling to the spikes . Maybe if you use it on dry lawns and you weigh 400 pounds it may work
 They do NOT stay on and they are impossible to use . For that reason , I would not recommend these to anyone .
 The base of the shoe and the spikes are very well-built and sturdy . the straps could n't handle a simple tightening before the buckle snapped . This would be a great shoe if they had better fastener .
 do n't Bother this product will not stay on your feet . A Total waste of time , go ahead and it done with the correct tool .
 Have used them 4 times and the nylon strap buckle broke . Unless you 're wearing Boots , these are extremely uncomfortable to wear as they cut into your skin ...
 These garden shoes are rubbish . I have average size 6 feet . Shoes just flopped all over the place when walking as straps did not hold shoe against the foot . Straps broke when trying to tighten . I tried taking the nails out and pushing them through the soles of crocs but the angle was too awkward Basically , the nails need to be attached to a shoe which fits against the foot I 'm going to buy myself some running spikes instead !
 i was so excited to get these spiked aerator shoes so i could toss my worthless two pronged step aerator . however , i will be using that old thing for another year becauce these shoes are horrible.the straps are so flimsy that they can not stay on . with the slightest resistance if the spikes dont come up easily and you have to pull your foot up with any force , the straps immediately come flying off your shoes . So one shoe is stuck in the ground and the other is falling off and well i hope you have medical insurance because you could really break an ankle with these things.even if you are brave enough to try , dont buy them for your dad or hes going to break a wrist in the fall or his hip.Really these are terribly designed and not even worth free .
 The straps on these are nylon , fastened together with a plastic buckle . I strapped them on to my boots and after 2 steps the buckle broke . Amazon took them back easily with no problems , but I definitely would not recommend the product .
 A few design improvement would have made this great , but as others have reviewed : * The straps with plastic buckles are useless . Any resistance while walking will pull the strap right out of the buckle.I tried modifying the straps with velcro after cutting off the buckle , but I now think that a better quality buckle combined WITH velcro to reinforce , might have made these work.Velcro alone is still too much resistance and pulls apart . I 'm think that it needed a total of 3 straps . * The heel clip needs to be much higher and perhaps wrap more . Any play in the strap and your heel comes right out of the back of the shoe.Bottom line , not worth the money since you 'll need to spend more modifying it to actually work .
 I usually do n't write negative reviews on products I do n't like , guess it 's the whole if you do n't have anything nice to say about something deal , however I feel would be doing future buyers a disservice if I did n't warn them on this useless piece of crap . The idea is great on these , the execution not so much . The buckle is a piece of plastic mess that 's too weak for it 's intended purpose and broke on first attempt at tightening . After rigging it so that I can try to at least salvage some of my money , it did n't stay on , kept slipping off after every few step . I would n't waste my money buying these spikes if I had to do it again . In the interest of being positive , the spikes seem really strong so if I was looking for useless spikes , then this would be my choice , and I ordered Amazon prime and got them super fast .
 These are garbage . In Theory they would be great if the strap buckle didnt give out ten minutes into my walk . Do yourself a favor and rent the big powered aerator locally for $ 40 bucks or buy the walk behind push guys.These are not like your dad 's aerator sandals .
 I took a chance with these even after reading the mostly negative reviews . Really a pretty bad product.A buckle/strap broke on one shoe the first time a tried to tighten them . Then as others have described , I had to duct tape the shoes on to keep them from falling off . Do n't waste your time .
 It took awhile to get these on . When I did , I stood up , picked up five lbs of soil and tried to walk . They strained my endurance , and I almost fell . I cleaned them up and put them in storage . An individual needs strong legs for these , and should use them on very moist soil .
 Spikes & plastic shoes ok . Straps not so good . They will not stay on your feet . Have to figure out way to keep them on my feet . I almost broke my neck the first time i tried them on .
 The straps broke while I was attempting to put the item on . I managed to tie them up well enough to use them once . Was n't worth the shipping to try to send them back for a refund and threw them away afterwards . Either buy more expensive ones or just rent the aeration machine from a local rental company .
 I got it and had a try . What I found out is that it did n't work well . it 's broken after a couple use . I do n't think grass get help in any sense .
 The shoes would not stay fastened to my shoes . It took forever since they kept falling off . Next year I am just going to rent an aerator machine .
 Do not buy this product . The straps are terrible they do not function correctly . You would be better off taking a roll of duct tape and using it to strap it to your shoes .
 This is a great concept if it worked . I could not get them to stay on . The shoes kept loosening and slipping . I did try to put the straps through my shoes and them strap it with some success but the toe area kept slipping off .
 I work at a golf course and every year they plug the fairways and greens . The machine that does this makes 1 - 2 inch plugs that are removed from the surface and mulched . Tiny prong aerators that fit over your shoes or the ones you press into the turf with you foot do not do the job according to the course supervisor where I work . The plugs must be at least one inch in diameter and about 3 inches deep for proper aeration . I have a pair of these shoes and he told me I wasted my money .
 Great idea if they worked but unfortunately a waste of money . Once spikes gripped the sod , shoes would n't stay on my feet , despite numerous adjustments . Buy a hoe instead .
 Do n't bother . Not even correctly conceived in practice . The `` shoes '' do n't even stay on . Went in the bin after about 12 hours .
 I experienced difficulty in keeping the shoes on my feet . The straps appear not to secure the shoe enough while walking . The rate of speed when walking is relatively fast due to the `` time is money concept . ''
 They do n't stay on well and are a pain to walk around in . Threw em away and used golf shoes
 If your foot is anything bigger than 8.5 mens , then do n't even bother ! Even with a smaller foot , you probably wo n't be able to use them with modern tennis shoes , as they wo n't fit . There must be a reason that the photo on the box pictures a person wearing loafers - When 's the last time you mowed your lawn wearing dress shoes ? Then there 's the strapping system with its completely useless instructions . Did the person that designed the system actually try it out to see if it works ? I do n't think so ! Bottom line - Save your money or just get a Rubik 's Cube , it 's easier to figure out and would probably fit better on your foot .
 The straps buckles were a big disappointment to me like others have stated . They simply do not hold the straps tight and thus the shoes keep coming off . My solution was to replace the proved buckle with one inch plastic quick snap buckles like you find on a day pack . These stay tight and I can walk all over my lawn for an hour or so and they never come lose and slip off . I used the one inch straps that came with the shoes .
 They worked great for about 10 times and then the strap broke off the shoe part . They cant be used now .
 I was disappointed the straps were way to long.It did not make sense why then were so long . I cut them but I cut one too much . It was a pain .
 I was disappointed with these spike shoes , even though they were n't very expensive . The straps did not secure the shoes very well over my shoes , even when I adjusted them properly . I pulled one of the straps tighly and the plastic nylon buckle snapped . Bottom line , when I did get them to fit and stay attached , I had to walk very carefully to avoid them falling off completely . The average person is not going to want to deal with it . The spikes are very strong and do a good job of aerating whatever you do managed to step on . If they improved the strap system and they stayed on your feet , I 'd pay MORE for a product like this .
 If you want to even try them for the first time , be prepared to develop your own strapping system . The instructions are useless , and the strapping system is not intuitive at all . It seems as if the designers never tried them before .
 It 's a great idea but poorly implemented.Here 's what 's not so great about these `` shoes '' :1 -RRB- the buckles on the straps are plastic and after tightening they bend . if you tighten too much they break . They should be metal buckles .2 -RRB- the heal plate is way too small and your shoes will eventually loosen and your feet will slip off the back easily .3 -RRB- when walking on dirt it tends to stick to the shoe . stay on the grass and you 'll have a better experience .4 -RRB- the straps come loose too easily5 -RRB- the straps are way too long6 -RRB- after the buckle starts bending it 's really hard to loosen the straps.I wore them as i mowed the grass and they worked ok for the first go around . then they slipped off . Then the buckle broke . Then they would n't stay on . It was a lot more work mowing ! for better or worse ; -RRB-
 Shoes too small for anyone with a decent size foot . Company had no symphathy when called and complained ! Did some rework with them to fit over shoe . Would not deal with company again .
 I weigh 210 and I guess I am too heavy for these because when I stepped on the soil and sunk in it brought up the soil on my lift . This caused divots . Also one of the plastic fasteners cracked.I found a better way to airate the lawn . I used the weed hound and it left nice holes where the weed was . I hit those holes with the hose and I know water is getting down there .
 I 'll agree with pretty much any negative review of this product.If you wear over a size 10 in men 's , do n't expect them to fit remotely well . I wear a 13 and my shoes stuck off the end an inch . The straps are long but that would n't be a problem -LRB- cut them down with a pair of scissors , people -RRB- , but they 're attached to brittle , weak plastic.And they do not stay tight . I stumbled around like an idiot for 15 minutes and lost count of how many times I had to re-tighten the straps - until they broke ! At which point I gave up.Furthermore , in hindsight , the spikes do n't actually penetrate deep enough to be of much use , and if your soil is at ALL rocky you can expect to stumble or fall any time you step on a small rock because - for example - the heel of your foot will sink in but your toes stay propped out of the soil.USELESS , stupid , deceptive product.This company should be ashamed , but they 're probably just laughing at suckers who buy this crap.And if you think I 'm writing this in the fresh heat of rage after having just come in from trying to use these , you 're wrong . I tried them three months ago , once , and just happened to come across this product page . This is a sedate and calculated review .
 You need big solid shoes or these wo n't work . If you tighten the straps too much , which you have to do to stop them from coming off , they will break . If you have thin grass , the dirt will stick to your aerotor shoes ; tearing up your lawn .
 This would be a good product if they would stay on your feet . Unfortunately , the straps make a very poor connection to your shoe . As such , they come off after every one or two steps . After a while , they are just put on the shelf and not used .
 I thought this was a nice idea to be able to aerate the lawn while mowing . I attached them to my feet and the first step , they slipped off my feet . I messed with the straps for a couple of minutes but everything I tried resulted in the same result , them just falling off . I then tried to pull one of the straps tight and broke the plastic buckle . My last attempt was to just tie them around my shoes and I managed about 5 steps and thought , `` hey , this is pretty cool '' . Just at that moment , one slipped off , I tripped over it and almost impaled myself on the 12 spikes . I wish I could have seen myself because it was probably a pretty comical scene . In all seriousness , I would avoid these shoes until they come up with a better way of keeping them on your feet . The few steps I did take , they seemed to be doing a nice job .
 These `` shoes '' are anything but . The look like they should work in theory , but as many have already pointed out these things are worthless . If you are light enough and small enough to wear these tightly then you are too light to actually spike the ground . On the other hand if you are a big guy like me -LRB- 6 ' , 200 # -RRB- you can expect to pull these `` shoes '' right off your feet with practically each step as the spikes will become stuck as you try to balance and move . All in all this was a huge disappointment . Save yourself time and headache and save up for a professional service if your lawn truly needs it . This product seems like something you might buy at a Dollar Store .
 Good idea poorly designed . They will NOT stay on your feet . Take 4 steps -LRB- marching steps , mind you -RRB- and off they come . Hope the seagulls at the landfill do n't land on these things .
 It seemed like a great product . An easy way to aerate while mowing the lawn . The first time I put the sandals on , before stepping off the deck onto the lawn , the buckles on the left sandal broke . Good idea , poor construction .
 THESE SHOES ARE A COMPLETE WASTE OF MONEY . THE STRAPS DO N'T STAY TIGHT ENOUGH TO STAY ON YOUR SHOES . HERE 'S A THOUGHT . WHY NOT MAKE A REAL SHOE WITH AERATOR SPIKES ??!! THAT WAY , ONCE YOU PUT THE SHOES ON , THEY 'RE ON !!
 I got them yesterday and I tried them immediately . I can confirm the most of the reviewers opinion
 I found this product NOT worth the money.The sloe of shoes do not bend which makes walking impossible . The lenght of the spikes may be okay if you could actually walk . The straps did not hold feet in and kept going off shoes . I almost fell several times trying to make them work then just gave up . It pulls up the lawn . Shoes falls off feet constantly.I had other family members try these shoes as I think it is a great idea but they also could not walk and almost fell down.The way I use them is tie rope through the straps , step on the shoes then pull the shoes up by the rope . Too slow going for me.I think they are a waste of money and so do my family and friends that tried them . I will look into getting golf shoes now to aerator.The one plus is they have several places in the sole you can adjust the strap to see if you can use but I gave up . Not worth a broken hip or leg.In all fairness product is as described . Just can not use it .
 The plastic on one of the straps snapped the second time I used it . Did not want to take the pain to return the shoes so have made do using some shoe laces to replace the straps .
 I sure wasted my money , these were HUGE when I got them and they would not stay on my feet 15 seconds , even adjusting the straps as tight as possible , they were useless , the straps do n't hold the foot in place firm enough . . so that when you step into the ground , when you lift up your foot , the whole thing comes off . When I ordered them , the ad indicated there was 1 size only
 One of the straps broke the first time I used them . The second time I used them in TN where there are some rocks in the earth every time I walked and stepped on something hard the spikes broke off , be careful you could get hurt with these .
 Believe no one who says these are worthwhile , unless of course you 're interested in destroying your lawn . You see , as you walk forward your leg tips forward but the spikes DO NOT . This means that as you pull your foot the grass gets torn up as you walk forward . ALSO you 'll be exhausted pulling the spikes out of the ground . In theory its a good idea ... in practice its a terrible idea . Rent or hire someone to do this job .
 I loved the concept of these aerator shoes which would make manual aerating of the lawn a lot easier . However , upon the first use , both of the plastic clips broke on one of the shoes . Its just a thin plastic that is supposed to hold the strap tightly to the foot . The spikes are going into the ground and have to be pulled back out before taking the next step . Obviously , something durable is needed to withstand a little pressure when the spikes are pulled out of the ground . The packaging says durable , but these things are not the slightest bit durable . We had to rig them up with rope to continue using them . Very disappointed .
 Like everyone else , the buckles broke just while tightening up the slack . No real pressure at all and they broke . Now I am going to tie the straps together and try to use them that way . They just are n't worth the trouble of sending back . Do n't at your own risk .
 Great concept but poor construction best describes this product . I got the shoes on no problem but they would not stay in place , constantly coming off and causing me to roll my ankle . Tried tightening the straps and like other reviews the straps broke . After securing them with my shoe laces they still would not stay in place . I had them on for about 10 minutes and in that time two of the spikes were bent . Save your money and rent an aerator for the day or invest in a real one .
 the plastic and nails seem to be pretty sturdy . the belts are adustable but the will not stay on . the first time I went to put them one the plastic part of the belt Broke off.Not very satisfied with this product
 The Bond Green Giant Spiked Aerator Shoes are very difficult to use as intended . The shoe straps come loose and can cause falls . I attached one of the shoes to the flat head of a sledge hammer and used it to drive the spikes into the ground ; however , I had to double the straps back on themselves to keep them from loosening . The shoes are impossible to use as instructed . If I had the opportunity to purchase these again , I would pass . They are not worth the money spent .
 Not a fan ! My husband bought these and he put them on , tightened them around his shoes , walked around for about 5 minutes and the plastic piece that holds the straps on broke . He had to duct tape them all around his shoes to keep these on ... THE FIRST TIME . He threw them away after that . $ 13 - down the drain . Look for something with better straps and better quality plastic .
 They were out of the package for exactly 30 seconds before the buckle broke pulling it tight . Cheaply made is an understatement .
 Straps do not hold these sandals on at all . I was able to go about 3 or 4 steps before the sandals stuck into the ground and my feet left the sandals.I know these were cheap but I expected much more . I just threw them into the garbage Do n't wast your money !!!!!!!!!
 Aeration shoes purchased were of poor quality . Straps broke on both shoes while trying to tighten them up . Waste of money will never purchase any products again online from this company .
 The second I put the shoe on the buckle broke . The buckles are made of VERY thin plastic . The other shoe does n't even stay on your foot . If you try and tighten it , it will break the buckle . I do NOT recommend this product at all !
 I bought these several years ago . The idea is good but the experience is like walking on a log . Very unstable and eventually you fall off or , in this case the shoes come off . If you walk near a tree and hit a a sizeable root while wearing these spike shoes , you will fall over . Not worth the time and investment .
 I purchased a pair of these from my local nursery , so that I could aerate my lawn . The straps immediately loosened when I tried to use the product , and they kept falling off my feet . I even tied them on my shoes using additional strapping , but they still failed . Do not buy this product .
 Horrible experience with the shoes . Straps were not tight fitting enough to keep them on tight . When I attempted to tighten the two of the four clasps broke .
 Once I bolted the spikes into the bases and applied the straps , I was excited to get these things out into the lawn for a test run . First step and wow ! - they really dug in deep ... and STAYED right there in the lawn . The straps came loose from my shoes that easily and it never got better , even after 4 tries at reconfiguring them . The directions are horrible and the straps are worse . I 'm now faced with rigging my own strap system . Once I do , I 'm sure they 'll do a great job . Have these things been TESTED with this weak-as-hell strap system ??? You can not tell me that one person has successfully cruised around their lawn with these aerators as-is .
 I bought 4 sets of these shoes and am not very happy with them . seems like now matter what shoes i have on they slip off and its hard to tighten the straps . the part that goes on the back of the show should be higher
 Simply put , these do n't stay strapped to my feet as designed and delivered . You need to add additional lacing or web straps at minimum running from the toes to around your ankle/heel to provide the basic stability necessary to take more than a few steps . Your foot is n't a rigid piece of 2x4 making perfectly repetitive heel-to-toe steps over perfectly flat terrain . The buckles on the straps provided are also incredibly flimsy and shattered easily ; I resorted to feeding the strap through the loop sewn to hold the buckle . I did complete my lawn , though I 'm not sure how thorough the job was . Although I did it while mowing , I do n't think I would want to be on record as recommending that strategy for safety reasons -- even if the product had worked perfectly . Consider this as raw material for a DIY project at most .
 the strap broke on first use . cheap item so i should n't expect much better . I would not recommend purchasing this item .
 Not too impressed with this product . Hard to keep on and use . Perhaps I just do n't weigh enough -LRB- thats a first !! -RRB- , but very hard to use .
 I ca n't really give a honest review of product because I never recieved the item . Waited for two weeks never recieved the lacing , so I had my money refunded . Figured I would return the item when it came . It 's been about a month now , still no lacing .
 The laces are too short -LRB- by feet , not inches -RRB- and the tabbie things on the end are too fat for the Lafuma recliner . As a result , you ca n't double-lace the places that were doubled-up originally -LRB- both because there 's not enough length of lace and because the tabs on the ends of the laces wo n't fit through the grommets a second time when there 's already a section of lace in 'em -RRB- . Oh , you can struggle for an hour or two to make it sort of work as I did , but you 'll end up with an uncomfortable recliner that is stretched too tight and yet sags in places -- think of it like a face lift gone wrong and you 'll have something of the idea . So do n't cheap out like I did ... And do n't tell me I was lacing it incorrectly ! I had a second Lafuma lounger on hand from which to copy the lacing pattern , and it just could n't be done . When the laces on this other recliner wear out , I wo n't buy these replacements for it , that 's for certain!To be fair , these laces might well fit a Faulkner knock-off chair just fine . But they do n't fit a Lafuma , in contradition to what the ad copy says above .
 No drainage holes -- a MUST for bonsai pots . It is a real pain drilling them after the fact . Do n't recommends these .
 the description clearly states : Vintage ceramic bonsai pots have pre-drilled drainage holesRustic finish for authentic bonsai presentationAesthetically pleasing natural variations in green colorSize
 for this price , I would expect a much thicker cushion with more than just a velcro closure . it also lacks ties to secure it to the chair . feels very cheap and I think it is way overpriced
 When I moved into my apartment the owners had put the combat bait stations in it and they left them in there . I have a pitt bull mix and shortly after we moved in she had gotten a hold of one of these and chewed it up because evidentally the poison tastes sweet to them . Now I have had over 1000 dollars in vet bill and we are still not quite sure whats wrong with my dog , shes lost some of her hair , has gotten an ear infection from the toxins and may have nerve damage . They should upgrade the caution status on the box to dangerous because if this stuff is ingested it is extremly poisonous to animals !
 The description of this product clearly states twice that it 's for LARGE roaches . Just received it and on the box it says for SMALL roaches . Do n't need it .
 I am putting a bate in front of the ants , they just walk away as fast as they can . The syrup leaves spots very hard to clean after it dries out . Do not waste your time and money .
 We installed the 6 ' ft gray version of Max-Slats . While easy and quick to install , they provide very little privacy . Each slat blocks about 90 % of each vertical gap line in the chain link fence , but that leaves 10 % on each side . When lined up together , that is about a 20 % gap between each slat . We regret not returning the items and looking for something more solid . Hugely disappointed in the coverage of this product .
 We installed the 6 ' ft gray version of Max-Slats . While easy and quick to install , they provide very little privacy . Each slat blocks about 90 % of each vertical gap line in the chain link fence , but that leaves 10 % on each side . When lined up together , that is about a 20 % gap between each slat . We regret not returning the items and looking for something more solid . Hugely disappointed in the coverage of this product .
 What can I say ... I 've been struggling with this unit for 3 months now since it arrived . The interface is horrible - you ca n't even figure out what buttons you need to push for what action -LRB- sure , you can read the manual - but I much prefer it when a product is intuitive -RRB- ... anyway , 8 times out of 10 the display will show it raining when actually the sun is shinning brightly - and it actually showed the sun in the middle of , what was left of , hurricane Wilma ! We got 6 inches of rain that day and the display on this unit had the sun shinning the entire time ... do n't waste your money on this unit .
 Within 30 days of purchase , the remote device stopped being read by the interior device . So after spending 2 months trying to find customer service contact information on Oregon Scientific , I gave up . Too bad . I thought OS was a good product up to now .
 The main unit seems to work okay , however , I bought this mainly for the ability of getting the outside temperature remotely . The outside temperature on my unit usually reads eratic temperatures , and the barometer never changes . But even if these did work , I can not get a signal about 6 feet away through one wall . I tried every thing
 Not as good as expected . Unable to change to metric system in the main unit . Unable to change the time to 24hr format .
 We installed the 6 ' ft gray version of Max-Slats . While easy and quick to install , they provide very little privacy . Each slat blocks about 90 % of each vertical gap line in the chain link fence , but that leaves 10 % on each side . When lined up together , that is about a 20 % gap between each slat . We regret not returning the items and looking for something more solid . Hugely disappointed in the coverage of this product .
 I have to return the item because it does not respond even a squirrel is two -LRB- 2 -RRB- feet and , is only activated by human at four -LRB- 4 -RRB- feet . I thank Amazon and the seller -LRB- Grady -RRB- for refunding the amount I paid .
 After 2 months the hooting on the owl stopped working . The head still turns , but the owl does n't hoot . I 've changed the batteries several times with new batteries . I also wrote to the seller telling them the problem and asking for a replacement but have received no response after 3 weeks . I do n't recommend this product .
 This is the second type of owl we have bought to cover our pool . Birds have been using pool and leaving behind their waste and feathers . We received it yesterday and it appears sensors are not working properly . Owl randomly reacts to movement and not as it is purported to do . We may be sending it back if it does not do what we ordered it to do .
 We 'll if your into owls it 's ok for looks . But I really think it does not make a difference for pesty black birds who were constantly crapping on my pool cover . The batteries do not hold up long enough have to keep replacing the batteries if you want it to Hoot . It was a expensive novilty is all I make out of it .
 We bought one of these to try to keep the birds from flying over our pool . Within minutes of putting the owl up , the birds were attacking it . Not only did it not keep the birds away , it seemed to attract them . It was amusing to watch the birds swoop down one after another to peek the owl in the head , but completely useless for our bird problem .
 It 's a good thing I am pretty handy with tools because I had to put this thing back together after I opened it . The motor to the head was disconnected along with a tiny belt going to one of the gears . It works now but I am not sure if I would order from this brand again .
 Owl came in with two sections -LRB- the head and the body -RRB- . Investigating the box I also found a third piece -LRB- broken gear from the head -RRB- . No way to get the owl to move its head from side to side . Contacted the manufacturer , but they were not interested in sending another head piece . Mounted the owl in top of RV shed to keep birds from roosting . Although the owl made `` hooting '' noise with his motionless head , the birds ignored the owl and built a nest about 5 feet from him . I would not recommend .
 We returned this owl . Some big , messy birds had moved into our barn and we had hoped it would chase them out . But it needed so much light to activate the motion detectors that it would n't work at all ! We were very disappointed .
 Save some cash and buy a stationary , wind powered or solar owl . The motion sensors in this unit are weak at best and when they do activate , the head very loudly and very mechanically clicks in the direction of the movement . The audible hoot can be silenced but if you leave it activated and have neighbors closer than 500 feet , you 'll probably find the owl in pieces or missing one day . Factor in a very cheap build , a battery compartment that probably is n't water proof and the fact that you will have to continually buy batteries for it and I 'd say move on and go with another model .
 The main problem with this owl is that the sensors do NOT work as intended . The birds just flew and walked up to it , AND THE THING NEVER MOVED OR HOOTED as advertised . Because it remained stationary , the birds were not even remotely frightened or repelled . They just went about their business of defecating and tearing up my yard . This product is awful , and the sensors need to be far more sensitive . I had to put my hand directly in front of them to make it work , which totally defeats the purpose of this product . This was a severe disappointment and I would advise you to think twice or FOUR times before considering this purchase .
 I should have paid attention to the other reviews . It hoots , but the head does n't swivel . The motor must have broken off from the head in transit . Buy something else .
 It came with the motor gauges broken . The movement senson dont work , if I dare to leave on it would owl the hole day !
 The first owl I received was broken . The return process went very smoothly and I had a new owl in no time . BUT , the sound quit after one week and now only occasionally does the head turn . It has been effective in keeping the birds away by just sitting there but I could have accomplished this with a much cheaper model .
 Motion sensor is useless . Range of 6 '' at the most . Wave my hand just a foot away and nothing . Under no circumstance purchase this item .
 I purchased the owl to keep Ducks off our dock . When I received it I installed the batteries and tested the motion sensors . They worked at short distance but anything further than about 8 feet they did not pick up the motion . I took it up to our cottage and set it on the dock . Within a few hours there were 17 ducks right next to the owl and he did not hoot once !!!!!!!!!!!! Definitely not worth the money , very poor quality , no longer hoots or turns his head and there is no way to mount this thing , and certainly the ducks were not the least bit afraid .
 This item broke down just after 3 weeks of usage . It uses two small o-rings as belts on the plastic pulleys that rotate the head . This is very poor quality design and also it can not be repaired because no parts are available , the o-rings wear off in a short time , you can not find the replacements and even if you do they are very hard to replace.Save the money on the fancy electronic movement and just buy one that moves the head with the wind.It is sure a waste of money to buy this item.To summarize , it is just a piece of crap.F.G .
 I ordered two of the owls for the patio of our office building . One head fell off when I took it out of the box and the other one simply would not work.Don ' t waist your time and money .
 The owl did n't detect movement when it should have and activated for no reason at random . Used a set of batteries in less than 24 hours . I returned it .
 It arrived in excellent condition and appears to work with human subjects . It looks fabulous and construction is good . I gave it a low rating because it did not respond to birds & scare them away . Unlike the picture , the owl 's head overlaps the body a little which should make it water/rain resistant . Inside my house with less lighting than outdoors , it would respond to a human within 6 to 8 feet of the owl and turn its head toward the person and hoot for about 4 seconds - then stop - very cute . Note when first turned on it hoots and moves it 's head almost continuously for about a minute or so -LRB- apparently adjusting it 's sensitivity ? -RRB- before it stops and waits for a movement . A great novelty item if that is what you want it for.Outside performance was similar except a person needs to get closer than about 3 to 4 feet to set it off - also sometimes it would not respond even when approached within 1 foot . Also it does not respond to birds -LRB- too small ? -RRB- - they did not make it go even less than a foot away . I tested it by placing it a foot or so from a bird feeder so the birds were about the same level as the owl 's sensors . For the first hour the birds did not come near it even though the owl did not move . Then they commenced feeding as if the owl were not even there -LRB- 3 or 4 at a time -RRB- . Once in a while -LRB- sporadically - perhaps 15-20 minutes or so as if triggered by something else -RRB- the owl would hoot and move and the birds would leave temporarily.I measured the battery drain to be about 1/5 amp during continous head movement & hooting . With hooting turned off -LRB- and head movement still on -RRB- there was very little difference in batttery drain . If the owl continuously moved its head & hooted this would make for a AA battery life of about 8-10 hours . But of couse the owl only occasionaly moves so the batteries will last much longer depending on how often it moves.So there you have it - since I am an electronic engineer I intend to modify it 's guts to force it to wake up for a little while every 2 minutes which may scare away my fruit pecking birdies . For all you others - lots of luck chasing birds with it if the one you get is anything like mine . It does make a fascinating conversation piece when triggered by people though .
 Flimsy construction . On/off switch failed out of the box . Decided to put it outside anyway ... either the wind blew it off it 's perch or the squirrels assaulted it ... bottom line it I found it in pieces on the deck . I would not recommend .
 I dropped it and its head fell off . Very fragile not well made . Funny at first when its working .
 Total waste of money.After 1 week owl would no longer hoot.Motion sensor detects movement but head moves in opposite direction of what is moving.Use your money wisely and stay away from this piece of junk .
 I bought 2 of these owls . One of them broke in 30 days . I tried changing the batteries and it stopped working-no sound or movement . I attempted to call the customer service number at the bottom of the owl and never received a response . I am very unhappy with my purchase , would not ever suggest anyone buy this product and wish I had my $ 67 back .
 Sounds like a British suspense novel , does it not ? A butler brings cigars to the gentlemen , opens window in the library , everybody hears the solitary hoot in the chill of the night , and later they find a dead body in the adjacent drawing room.Very well then . I received this owl and inserted the batteries . The owl came to life , hooted , noisily turned its head , and remains silent and motionless ever since.Not recommended unless you want to flirt with your post office clerk while returning the box back to Amazon .
 I purchased this owl with the intention of keeping gulls off my boat . The sensors are erratic at best , but it did do , more or less what they claimed FOR AWHILE . However , it stopped working approximately 70 days from date installed . Customer service at EASY GARDENER , the supplier claimed the product was considered an `` electronic product '' and had only a 60 day guarantee . They refused to exchange it or repair it -LRB- I was even willing to pay -RRB- . They essentially claim that their products are only designed to survive 60 days and now I must throw it out . Repeated attempts to contact customer service resulted in no effort on their part to resolve this problem . I would NEVER purchase any product from this company again . BE WARNED ! If you choose this type of product from EASY GARDENER it has a life expectancy of 60 days!Although I have spent more time on this problem than it is worth I am not giving up . If I am successful in getting anyone at EASY GARDNER to respond reasonably to my problem I will follow up this post with a positive comment , but for now , let the buyer beware .
 BEAUTIFUL ART WORK ... BUT DOES NOT WORK ... DO N'T GIVE A HOOT OR MOVE ... SENSORS DO NOT WORK ... HEAD DO NOT FULLY ROTATE ... MAKES GRINDING NOISE WHEN TRYING TO MOVE AND THEN SHUTS DOWN ... . I USED BRAND NEW BATTERIES ... PIECE OF JUNK .
 Easy Gardener Garden Defense Electronic Owl # 8021I use this owl on my deck to keep birds from dropping their waste . It needs to be weighted so it does n't fall over when the wind blows . The nails supplied are not an option . for the deterrent effect to be useful the owl must be moved .
 I have never seen a real owl with pink feathers . However , this owl has them . The motion sensors are not effective . Seldom do they work . Most of the time , the sensors do not detect near-by motion . I would not recommend this product simply because it does not function effectively .
 I had hoped this would do the trick but it only worked for 10 minutes
 This seemed like a good idea . We were excited when we received it as we were getting frustrated with the pigeons roosting on our roof and the mess they make . Tom immediately bounded up the ladder to put it on our roof . Within a few days we noticed that instead of driving off the pigeons it seemed to attract them ! They would come and sit right next to it like it was part of the flock ! When the batteries ran out , Tom did not bound up the ladder to replace them . I have an owl whose neck swivels in the wind that does a better job . Too bad .
 Definetelly not a good purchase . The only animal that is afraid from it is my loved Golden Retriever . On the first day regular birds were aware of this new thing , but on the second day they were staying at the Owl head . This product consumes a lot of battery . If the sound is activated with the motion , on three days batteries are run out . Quality is also not good , mine is already broken .
 Bought one about three weeks ago.Owl body is fairly robust , but battery housing and switch are flimsy.It took several attempts to get it to work - the battery connections are suspect.Finally worked okay when testng indoors . Made my son jump!Supplied mounting screws have to be replaced -LRB- they do n't align with the mounting holes -RRB- - but that 's not a big deal.Unit has never worked outside - the IR sensors do not pick up . Then something went badly wrong - possibly after a rain shower - when we found it going round and round uncontrollably ! So we turned it off.As a passive decoy it works well - hawks have given our chicken pen a miss so far , whereas before , they regarded it as a their local three meals a week fly in diner.In conclusion , it 's not worth buying this electronic decoy . The body is good enough . Some movement would be good I suppose - some other models have a head that moves with the wind . I might try one of those in future if necessary.Finally , for any decoys , after a few weeks , they should be moved .
 Thought this might be the answer to birds using the patio for a bathroom . Wrong ... first problem was that the `` motion detector '' only worked when the motion was about six inches away from the sensors . Then the other major issue was the light weight coupled with a base that has an uneven balance due to three protruding points made it extremely unsteady . Should have known that with the first wind it was going over . It did , it broke and I am out almost $ 40 and the broken owl is now in a landfill . Do n't buy it ...
 We have a family of pigeons nesting in our light-well . right next to my sick-bed . Nothing seems to faze them . We put up reflecting tape , mirror tiles , an ultrasonic pest repeller , nothing worked . So I bought the owl and put it out there in a little roof overlooking the well . First of all , the motion detector is not very effective , I hear the owl hoot only if I vigorously wave my hand within a foot of it . Also , it keeps turning its head backwards , no matter how many times I turn it forward . And the pigeons come and sing love songs to it only two feet away , and leave their droppings as tokens of their love for it . It does look impressive to us humans as well , though , so I 'll just keep it out there as ornamentation .
 I 'm not sure its scaring the birds at all from the high tree over my driveway . The motion detector seems to stop working after a couple minutes of first turning it on . Its also very light so it falls down with the slightest gust of wind and the head falls off . It looks really cool though and I plan to use it as lawn decor . I find hitting a snare drum does a much better job of scaring birds away .
 This product did not keeps the birds away from my dogs food bowl . And it sometimes would not hoot or hoot continuously .
 This device does respond to motion at times , apparently through four sensors arranged around the base . And the head does indeed tend to turn toward the source of detected motion . Unfortunately , the unit that we received does not respond reliably to the birds -LRB- mostly starlings and robins -RRB- that frequent our back yard.We installed the owl on a post at one corner of a small garden , about ten feet square , and then waited for results . After about half an hour , the birds became accustomed to the owl and paid no further attention to it , other than occasionally using it as s temporary perch before invading the garden.An interesting conversation piece , but -LRB- ours at least -RRB- did not provide much protection for our poor tomatoes .
 Why pay more for this owl that should scare birds when the electronics are not worth the extra cost . Unless someone can make the sensors more accurate the birds do not start any electronic action . The look is fine and will initially spook birds . You can buy a plain cheaper owl for half the price and save your money for something else .
 I bought the product to discourage squirrels and that was my mistake . The owl looks great and when activated works well . The problem is that the motion detectors require a good deal of motion in the right location to initiate action . The owl motion detectors simply are n't sensitive enough .
 Never did hoot or work properlyyy ... birds and rabbits ignored it . would not recommend buying , big waste of time and money
 First off , this Owl looks cool , but it just does not scare the doves away like it says it does . The motion activated feature is hit and miss and I am pretty sure the doves use it as a perch now . So now it is just a backyard prop . Bummer ! The doves are driving us crazy !
 I returned this product . I would not consistently work - sometimes it worked and sometimes it did n't - not dependable at all .
 the product came in and did not work ... i sent it back for a full refundI had heard there was a lot of problems with this product but i decided to try it ... Wrongg !
 If I could have given this a minus 5 I would have . It was a piece of junk . The reason why I said was , I put it in the garbage 1 month later . It worked for 1 day then nothing after it .
 It is useless and never scared the squiresit has a quality issue with the head broke or does n't work any moreI completely does n't recommend it to any one
 The product looked fine and did as described however , the birds totally ignored it . I placed it within 5 feet of the nesting area .
 This owl never deterred the birds and the squirrels just totally ignored the owl . It never hooted . It did turn its head when it sensed a movement but this did little to deter the birds after the first day of putting the owl out.Very Disappointing
 The electronic owl that I purchased initially fulfilled the mission for which I purchased it -- getting rid of the crows that frequented my yard . However , the owl lost its sound after one month 's time . The sound device stopped working completely , and it is not nearly as effective in scaring away predators as it was when the sound was available . Since the owl has a sixty-day warranty , I am hoping the company will replace it .
 I liked the idea of the owl in the garden.I liked it more IF the head would turn.I bought one for my neighbor and myself and neither one of our owl 's head turns at all . : - -LRB-
 I am totally disgusted with Grady 's Hardware which is the store this defective owl was sent from . The first owl did not work at all . I called Grady 's for a credit but was told the only thing I could get was another owl , which they then sent . This second owl did not work until 4:30 AM I was awoken by a noise which was the owl , hooting continuously until I got out of bed in the middle of the night , went out in the dark and shut it off . I turned it back on after that but it never worked again . If I had not purchased from Amazon before , because of this experience I would never buy from Amazon again . I am surprised that a company in good standing , as Amazon is . would continue to have this item advertisied when it does not work as stated and you can not get a refund so you are stuck with it .
 I bought this to scare the birds away from my berry trees . It did n't work . And the owl did n't either . Sure his head would spin and he would hoot but only if something was within 3 ft. of him . Lesson learned . Now , I am looking for a real owl : -RRB-
 We recieved this owl and the head was stuck and did n't spin . We did get it working a few times , however it often stopped working again and has been dead for several months . Amazon is graciously processing a return . Poor quality out of the box . Fit and finish are rough and the head on our was stuck . Twisting it around got it working for a short time .
 Bought this hoping to keep critters out of the garden , what a joke . It worked the first time I put batteries in and once I got it outside it wo n't work . The old cheap one I got years ago is still working and the eyes lite up . So do n't waste your money on this thing . Go get the cheaper model that just hoots and lites up the eyes or even one that does nothing . We are going to take it apart to see if we can fix it , but I 'm really sorry I bought it .
 Not sure it worked properly from the beginning . Actually had a squirrel lean on it and it never responded to it being there . Very light weight and no way to anchor it to a railing or pole . Wind knocked it off a table , messed up the head and is no longer working . Do n't think I 've had it a month . Improvements definitely need to be made .
 I purchsed this owl to help keep squirrells out of my pear tree . It never worked correctly , sometime it would hoot and sometime it would n't , then sometime it would n't stop , it hooted all the time . Now after about 2 months it does nothing.If I had known this I would have gotten one of the cheaper ones that does nothing . It needs a warranty .
 Do not waste your money on this Garbage ! Hooted once and stopped working . What a cheaply made piece of trash !!
 Should have believed the other reviews ! Do n't waste your time and money ! Gets one star because the owl is pretty . New batteries lasted 20 minutes . Head turns when it feels like it - has nothing to do with a sensor . Hooting goes in forever - not when it 's needed . I 'd return it but that would mean spending more dollars for gas and postage . Guess I 'll keep it for a lawn ornament .
 When I received the owl , the box had no packing slip as to who the vendor was . The head was not attached to the owl . I had to attach the head . It worked for one week only . In that week , I replaced batteries twice . It does not work now . I would return it if I knew where and how .
 This item stinks The pigeons and squirrels loved it and also did not operate right And operated whenever it wanted ...
 The head does turn , the thing does hoot . That 's all I can say that 's positive . The batteries wear out after a week of use , and the dang bird is top heavy and topples over in the faintest breeze . Because the batteries wore out so quickly , I ca n't tell if the owl scared anything away or not .
 Did not keep small birds out of our deck or carport area as we hoped . Would not turn or hoot we understood it would . Apeared to have a malfunction . We returned it for a refund . Might have been just this one product . Birds would just sit next to it.Easy Gardener 8021 Garden Defense Electronic Sensor Owl
 I bought the electronic owl and found that right out of the box , it did not work . I played around with it and got the head to turn , and turn and turn and turn . It never shuts off . I got the owl to make his owl noise my shaking it around a little , it hoots till the battery goes dead . Now I have a hooting head turning owl that runs 30 minutes till the battery quits . The sensors do not have not and will not work . This is a piece of junk and would never ever buy another . I am so mad at the owl , I may just rip his hooting head off . Do not buy .
 Although I find reviews to be very helpful , I chose to ignore all the negative reviews I read about this product . I have a bad invasion of squirrels in my yard and was hopeful that this owl would run them away . Unfortunately , the owl malfunctioned as soon as I got it . When I turned it on , it continued to `` hoot '' non stop !! I tried placing it in my dining room where there was no motion in the room . Hootie still would n't shut up ! I tried cleaning the sensors and rebooting it by turning it off and on . Nothing worked . This is the first product I 've ever had to return to Amazon.com & I shop here all the time . The return process was easy and I am pleased with the amazon.com service . Just warning other buyers not to waste your time or money on this product .
 I received 2 owl 's . The first one did n't work after a few days . The company was very good about exchanging it with a new one . The second one also did n't work after a few days , but I lost my receipt and so I was unable to return it . I specifically wanted the hooting owl to scar away the critters in my yard . When it worked it did a good job and I would get another one , but I would like it to keep working a bit longer .
 The Easy Gardner Owl is a great idea when it works . I am on my 3rd one and have not sent it back yet , but it does not work . The head does n't move and the hooting does n't stop.Easy Gardener 8021 Garden Defense Electronic Sensor Owl
 This is our second owl . The first quit working after three days and we returned it for a replacement . The replacement wo n't quit hooting and hoots until it runs the batteries down or does n't hoot but turns its head constantly until it runs the batteries down . We could have bought a stationary owl for $ 10 , and a week or two after ordering this owl we saw a hooting owl for only $ 20 . It may not work any better but we would have been $ 10 ahead .
 The sensor is way off . It does n't move or hoot until something is 1/2 inch from the sensor . If I knew it would not hoot or turn it 's head like advertised , I would have not spent the extra money on the sensory kind . I would have just gotten a regular owl ; as that has worked so far to keep the squirrels away . I chose not to return as I do not want to spend more money on S&H to return .
 Well , maybe this owl would have done the trick , but Amazon 's vendor threw it in a HUGE box with absolutely no packing materials . It banged and bounced its way here and arrived broken -LRB- big shocker -RRB- . What a waste of my time and money . My advice is to buy this from a local store where you can test it out before buying . And whatever you do , do n't buy from the vendor ANTOnline .
 The first one of these I received did not work , I returned it and received a replacement . That one did not work either . I contacted the manufacturer and was told they have had problems with these . I gave up and returned the second one . As part of the process I discovered that these are not designed to work at night . I did n't see that mentioned anywhere , and I 'm not sure how effective this could be against some critters that are nocturnal . I also want to mention that the mounting arrangement for the base is nearly impossible . The mounting holes are inboard from the body so you can not get a screwdriver on the screw heads to tighten them . Avoid this item .
 The motion sensors are cheap and too sensitive . Most sensors are set off by heat + motion . These just go off with a slight breeze . So it was constantly turning on , I had to silence the sound because it was getting annoying.Batteries drain quickly . It only uses 3 AA batteries.It is very light and unstable and wo n't stand up on it 's own . Blows over with the slightest breeze . They should have made it to hold D batteries . That would have weighted down the base and you would n't have too change batteries so often.You are supposed to mount it to something with screws . I should have done that , but then you ca n't get to the battery compartment without unscrewing it from the base . And you have to change batteries often.After having my owl for 2 weeks , it was blown off a 2 ' ledge onto the lawn and broke the switch and is now inoperable.I am going to re-wire it to run on a plug-in transformer . Then it can swivel it 's little exorcist head around all day long if it wants ! And it will ! I still wo n't be able to use the sound mode . The hooting all day long is annoying , and the neighbors were wondering what the noise was .
 I ordered one of these Garden Owls some time ago.It seems that they have a batch of bad Owls audio wise.They do n't hoot!I sent the first one back and recieved a replacement with no problem.It would n't hoot either ! I called you folks about it and you suggested that I call the company that makes them . I did and they were very nice about it . They sent me another owl about a month ago and it worked great up until 3 days ago and then it quit hooting too!I 've gave up on these Owls although the people were very good about replacing them ! I 've have n't bothered to call anyone about this last owl yet , do n't think that the product is any good !
 It was nothing that I expected it to be . It did not work as advertised and no directions came with it . I 'll know better next time.Almost impossible to mount on piece of wood with hardware that comes with it .
 After the pidgeons discovered our bird feeder and reading mostly positive reviews of this owl , I had to try one . The first day I was happily impressed - the pidgeons would fly by , the owl would turn his head , `` hoot hoot hoot '' , and they would fly by . But by the second day , I was shocked to see 2 pidgeons at the feeder and a third pidgeon perched on top of the owls head riding it around like an amusement park ride !! HOOT HOOT HOOT ! Oh yes , this thing really works - NOT ! I wish I ` de had my camera handy . So go ahead and try one . Maybe your pidgeons are n't as smart as ours . HOOT HOOT HOOT !!!!
 Owl did not work as described . Birds in tree made so much noise owl was not heard . My owl was a piece of junk and I returned it immediately .
 Quit working after 2 days outside -LRB- on my front porch -RRB- . Will not be recommending this to ANYONE . I can get better results with pinwheels to repel the birds . This was to keep the birds from nesting on my porch and repel squirrels from my plants . DID NEITHER
 Easy Gardener 8021 Garden Defense Electronic Sensor OwlI was totally unhappy with this product , and sent it back . After getting it to initially work when first placed outside ... it would never work again . I even brought it back in the house and replaced the new batteries and it still did not work . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY & TIME HAVING TO DEAL WITH SENDING IT BACK !
 First off , maybe this product is not all that bad . I was never able to evaluate it fully . I ordered this item early this summer . The first one did n't work at all . I promptly returned it for a replacement . The replacement came soon enough , but had obvious damage too . The head would turn around -LRB- continually -RRB- but it made no sound . The only sound it made was from something large and unsecured rolling around inside . Whoever handled this before shipment certainly should have been able to tell he/she was about to ship a damaged item . I tried to return that one too , but was informed that all I could do is ask for a refund.What a complete waste of time making trips to the post office!Like I said , maybe this product is okay . But I will not be sold until they convince the people handling the product to care just a little bit , or at least stop playing rugby with it before putting it the mail .
 Mrs/MsI ca n`t give review , because I did n't get Easy Gardener 8021 Garden Defense Electronic Sensor Owl.I get from USPS e-mail information , see below.I saw , products sent to Croatia , but I did n't get.Best regards.Niksa Crljen ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Current Track & Confirm e-mail information provided by the U.S. Postal Service.Label Number
 It 's a good standard copper plug , used in tons of applications . What 's not good is the price . Caveat emptor
 Although nothing was wrong with this standard Champion plug - the description clearly states &#34; pack of six &#34; . Only one arrived , which left me short in a tune up . Going to Lowes solved the problem , and for much less . If this is what Amazon gets for a single plug , then go to Lowes or Home Depot , and you 'll pay 75 % less .
 Description of this product is wrong this is a pack of six In the description but you receive only one It 's big time miss leading
 Well the price is right but the page and description was hard to understand . It said product feature of six and said pack of 1 so I thought it would come for 1 pasck of six for the price . Add was very misleading and hard to follow . Needs to be fixed becareful when looking at this product
 My wife bought this thinking it would be good for the fall party to let the kids bob for apples . To our surprise , after we filled it with water , our kitchen floor was suddenly covered in water ! Took us by surprise . Amazon should revise the listing to show that it is not cabable of holding liquids .
 The produce seems to work well but I do n't like the reset procedure after changing the batteries . My biggest complaint is that the display is very hard to read in certain light conditions . A red or green readout would be much easier to see in low light . And the glass should be non-glare .
 Nice size unit , good detail , BUT ... . It went through batteries ever 4 to 5 days.So much activity on the base . Used the batteries reccomended too ! Sent it back , They need to make ones that work off ac power for the base unit.Very dissapointed .
 Needed a good quality made manure fork to turn the compost pile and for shoveling mulch.After researching different USA manufacturer I found the Seymour tool brand and after looking @ the company webpage I was impressed that the company had been in business since 1872Placed the order for what I thought was a AMERICAN made quality product ... What I received was a cheap forged steel fork with a MADE IN CHINA sticker stuck on it.Not what I expected after paying a premium price ...
 I was so looking forward to using this tool in my garden and it lasted all of two uses . The handle fell off . The handle should be fastened to the metal part of the tool and it is not .
 Bought this early before Christmas , and did not open when recieved . Wish that I had opened it bc it is off by approximately 10 degrees . Taylor is usually a good product , so was rather surprised when it did not work .
 Neither of the 2 purchase works according to my daughter who is the recipient of the thermometers in cold Mass. . Very unhappy since these were to replace another similar item purchase by me in Nov 2012
 I think the thermometer looks nice and is very lightweight for easy hanging . However , I do not feel like it gives accurate temperature readings at all . I have it on a wall that gets morning sun outside but even when the sun is not directly on it , the temperature reads way higher than it actually is . It 's only use at this point is for decoration .
 The lowest temperature this item will read is 40 degrees . if its 28 it says 40 . if 33 it says 40 . do not buy this item if you have temps below 40 degrees .
 It dose not work very well . It is not very accurate . I wish it would pay to send it back .
 Colors do n't change and strips are useless . do n't waste your money . I threw bottle away
 I went through the trouble of filling a pot with concrete & cemented in a 1 '' hardwood stake so that I could slide the hanger over the stake as opposed to mounting it permanently inground . Glad I did that because as soon as I attached the hose , the connecting bib came off right in my hand . No way to repair or replace . Took the piece of junk back to the store.I wrote 2 letters to the company on their company website ; no acknowledgement at all . Part of the problem is that the hose goes straight in on a horizontal , which places undue pressure ; if it does n't fail immediately , like mine did , it will in time.There is an alternative sold here & at Home Depot made by Liberty Gardens . The hose runs straight up the back , you could even tie wrap it if you wanted to which would relieve all tension whatsoever . Parts are also replaceable on the Liberty Garden , and I do n't mean mail order , they 're right in the PVC plumbing aisle.Don ' t be a sap like me ! This is junk & the company management could care less about their customers .
 I bought this hose bib a few years ago . For the first year or two it worked fine . After that , we could n't leave the main hose bib open because it would build up to much pressure and leak . Now , the connecting piece on the hose bib broke . I wish they sold replacement parts for it .
 I bought two of these hose stands and within less than two years , the bottoms of the poles where they were in the ground had completely rusted through and the stands collapsed . These are not made to last and I would not buy them again ... would rather spend more , if that 's what it takes , and get something durable .
 I always check the reviews when purchasing and place a lot of weight on them . What I just discovered is that Amazon is lumping them together . By way of example , although not immediately apparent , the reviews for this 3,000 watt inverter are actually for the 1200 watt model.As I said , this is not apparent if one just clicks on reviews for this larger model and goes no further . I buy many products from Amazon prime and am not pleased to find this out.Amazon , fix this now!eric
 Shortly after purchasing this item , the display readout failed . The unit was still doing its basic job , but loosing the display was inconvenient at the least . I pwuld have had to ship it somewhere for warranty repair and would have had to do without the unit in the meantime . It would have been one thing if it had failed a year or two later , but the unit was practically new .
 I purchased this for my off grid RV . I currently have 5 deep cycle batteries hooked up to it . It shuts down as soon as the voltage drops below 12 volts -LRB- not 10 as stated -RRB- . The five batteries that I use exceed the required amperage that it needs , so that should not be an issue . It cuts out when I am running my coffee maker or while watching a DVD on the TV . I believe that this is more suited for an 18 wheeler with the engine running -LRB- recharging -RRB- rather than running off stored energy . I will look into a smaller unit -LRB- 1000-1500 watts -RRB- . I did purchase the remote for it which works great until it shuts down .
 What a complete waste of cash . The belt literally lasted 5 minutes of light duty sanding . I had my suspicions from the get go as it was a tad undersized and took some work to install . I will be looking elsewhere for a replacement this go round . Do n't waste your cash on this one .
 Broke in the first 10 minutes . I 'm going to buy one more because I 'm a sucker ... and ca n't find them anywhere else . Hopefully this one is better
 Bought two of these for my Ryobi . Both of them broke within 5 minutes of installation and use .
 We installed the 6 ' ft gray version of Max-Slats . While easy and quick to install , they provide very little privacy . Each slat blocks about 90 % of each vertical gap line in the chain link fence , but that leaves 10 % on each side . When lined up together , that is about a 20 % gap between each slat . We regret not returning the items and looking for something more solid . Hugely disappointed in the coverage of this product .
 We had this flag for about a month before it started to come apart . The stitching on the flag started to fray and then the stripes would start coming apart . By the end , almost all of the stripes were coming apart about 6inches up each strip . We had it for about 3 months , if even , before we had to get ride of it . If you want a flag outside on a daily basis ... this is not it . I have used several types as flags , as we are a military family and take great pride in flying our flag , and this is the worst one I have used .
 I was very disappointed with the workmanship and quality of this flag . It does have sewn stripes but none of the stitching is straight at all , it can literally vary up/down an inch on a single strip . Also , none of the stripes are the same width . The stripe on the bottom in about 1 inch wide while some of the strips are more like 3 inches , and the stripe just below the stars is just a little over an inch as well . The variation is very noticeable . Where the stripes wrap around on the outer edge of the flag they do n't even lay back on top of themselves , they overlap on the adjacent stripes , which is very noticeable since it 's fairly transparent . Seriously bad work , someone is being rushed somewhere to pump out more flags per hour . An 8 year old could sew straighter than this . At least printed flags are rectangular and uniform throughout .
 This flag was frayed within three days of moderate wind , and the bottom grommet ripped out a week later when the wind kicked up a bit . The top grommet was about to go too , when I took the flag down . This is the most poorly made flag I have ever owned , and I 've owned several , as my location is fairly windy . But this one is the worst . Upon inspection , the grommets are light-duty , as is all the sewing , especially on the leading edge of the flag , where I would think it should be reinforced
 I installed my new flag on July 4th ... within 3 months it was rather tattered and worn on the end . After another month , one of the grommets had completely separated from the ` sturdy part ' of the flag itself and the flag would no longer fly . Apparently , central Indiana is a very harsh environment in which to fly a flag . Fine . Next time , I will get one that is a little more robust.I contacted Annin -LRB- via their website -RRB- to let them know that I did n't feel that the flag had lasted very long . I received a very prompt response ; they merely stated that ' a nylon flag will last approx 3-4 months , which is the standard established by the National Flag Foundation ' . That 's all ... no recommendation , or anything , for which replacement flag I should possibly consider for the harsh Indiana climate . Way to support your product!My replacement flag will be purchased from ANOTHER American flag maker .
 The flag that I received was not an Annin flag . It was some cheap flag that I could have bought at my local grocery store . I ordered it from RSS Products fulfilled by Amazon . I do n't know if it was just them or if all the sellers will ship a non Annin flag under this item .
 The flag was very nice when I received it , but it only lasted 17 months . Within 12 months it was heavily faded , especially in the blue . After 17 months it tore apart from the wind .
 I purchased this specific flag because it talked about being an outdoor flag . I 've had it flying outside my window now for a couple of weeks . During that time , we 've had sun , rain , snow , and wind ; all weather I expect a flag to endure . However , I 'm already seeing damage to the flag . The stars area has significant damage and it looks like it is slowly becoming white in that entire area . From the road , the flag looks fine . From 10 feet away , you can see how poor it looks . I 'm incredibly disappointed and expect I 'll have to replace it .
 I see I am not the only one who is receiving US flags that are similar to Annin Nyl-Glo flags , but are not . They are cheaper , the grommets do n't hold up , there is no Annin or Nyl-Glo logo anywhere , and to add to the disgrace , my flag actually came with permanent marker or ink or a black stain on one of the white stripes.I have kept this flag indoors in my office and will be wary of buying from here again . I bought it from BC novelties and this was n't the only defaced flag they sent . So others should be wary when ordering this flag or from this company . You may not get a new or even an Annin Nyl-Glo flag.I 'm just disappointed , no stores near me seem to have any good US flag for sale and more and more , online sellers are sending cheap made in China flags of which there is no bigger disgrace to buy a US flag made in China .
 Flag is made of very thin material . Embroidery on stars was unraveling . A grommet was missing , leaving a gaping hole in the flag . Incredibly poor quality ... is this really American made ? Where 's the pride ?
 In this case the old saying is true , you get what you pay for . The flag is probably worth the $ 8.50 that you pay for it and not much more . The grommets are very cheap thin metal and larger than normal . Not what you usually find on a good quality flag made in the USA . It is stitched and does have embroidered stars as advertised but the embroidery is very shallow -LRB- single layer of thread -RRB- and the stitching is light weight and probably wo n't hold up for long . It should last through the July 4th holiday though . At $ 8.50 it 's probably an average to good deal . As for being made in the USA , I do n't know . The country of the manufacturer is not on the packaging . I give it two stars because it is not close to the quality I would expect of a $ 38.50 flag . If you 're looking for a cheap flag that you put out on rare occasions and that is observed from a distance then this is an OK deal . At least its not a printed flag . The company that sold it did ship it very quickly which is a plus .
 Looked good for about 4 months , then started tearing along the stripes and in few more months fell apart . Yes , it gets a bit windy in Chicago , but this is just very bad quality flag .
 When I opened the package , I could immediately smell mold . Upon unfolding the flag , I found that the red color had bled into the white , indicating that the flag was probably made with cheap dye , and that it had been wet for some ammount of time . I wish I had spent a little more and gotten something worth the money .
 Not embroidered . crap . super thin nylon . Like paper . Apparently this is distributed through china . If they advertised it as a super low quality sheet of nylon , then I would n't had had a problem , nor would I have bought it .
 Flag is starting to fray after less than one month . There is no label to indicate where it was nmade .
 Flag looks oknot sure were it was madeCould buy same type of flag at any store for same amount and be sure it was made in U.S.A
 after two flyings , the stars came unsewn and it is now in ribbons . A poor product . CHEAP AND POOR TO BUY
 We purchased two of these flags as they are supposed to be durable . Well , not in Florida ! They just have n't lasted . The sun and breeze tore them apart -- and it 's not even hurricane season ! If they lasted 21/2 months each before shredding at the back edge , we were lucky . Determine how much sun and wind before you buy these . We 're going back to heavy cotton ...
 I bought several of these for an event . At least one of the flag 's stars were visible through the package as having the sewing coming undone - as in it looked like half the star was unsewed . It is unusable in a shadow box for the event . Spend a little more and get quality flags that can be used , this one is unusable .
 I was really hoping that this flag would be a great item at a great price . The item that arrived was not at all as described . The description says sewn striped and embroidered stars ... the flag that arrived was completely printed . Nothing stitched , nothing embroidered . I was VERY disappointed . Now I have to ship it back to Amazon and order another flag that HOPEFULLY is as described .
 I ordered two of these flags based upon the description and pictures . I wanted the `` embroidered stars and sewn stripes '' described on the page . The flags I received were printed stars and stripes . Very disappointed .
 I am currently serving overseas and ordered 4 `` Annin Nyl-Glow '' flags to fly here and give to my family as presents . First of all , I had to first get them shipped to my home address then pay to have them shipped here , for they would not ship here for some reason . Then after I received them I noticed that they were not the Nyl-Glows that I ordered . They are a knockoff that do n't even have the manufacturer 's name printed on them -LRB- as the real ones do that are here -RRB- . Since I am going home soon , it is too late to even return them so I will just fly them and learn my lesson I guess . By the way , their email response was that they are `` sorry for my inconvenience '' ??
 I am very disappointed that instead of receiving the flag described -LRB- Sewn Stripes and Embroidered Stars -RRB- I received a vinyl flag with printed stars and stripes . I purchased this as a gift , and since I do n't have time to exchange it before the birthday - I have to give him the one that I received .
 Bought this American flag as a Christmas gift for a family member . Flag was flown for the first time the week of 2/28/11 from a standard flag pole & did n't last a week . The grommets pulled out & the stitching on a number of the stars began to come apart . Would not recommend this product . Ca n't even return it at this point ... you get what you pay for holds true in this case .
 gromets failed after short time . quality in flag was good , butneed better reinforcing on the grometsthe overall quality of the flag was good . i wish the company that i purchased this from would send a replacement as i fly this flag every day
 Ripped to shreds in 6 months . I did not like this product . Would not buy . I do live on a high wind hill .
 DO NOT BUY THIS FLAG ! There are better flags for about the same price.This flag is NOT as described ! NOTHING is embroidered . The flag is very thin , and made of cheap material . DO NOT BUY THIS FLAG !
 We are very disappointed in the quality of the flag . I Bought this flag in Aug 2012 , but it did not last two months and have had to replace it already . We leave our flags out 24/7 and they usually last a lot longer , however this flag tore quickly along the right side of the flag all the way to the middle of the flag to the point that it looked shredded .
 While it 's not a terrible flag , and it might work for others in different situations , ours is shredded after only 4 months of use . We have it on a spinning pole so that it would adapt more easily to changing winds , but it did n't seem to help.I was initially disappointed when it came in a small bag , tightly folded . The creases in the folds never did go away after being hung out for months . Closer inspection now shows that the material is very thin where the creases were.Colors were VIVID when the flag came . Now , they are still bold , but showing signs of fading . Again , only 4 months since.Unlike another user , it does have the embroidered stars -LRB- not printed -RRB- , but I 've got two foot rips going up the flag now and our winds have n't been THAT bad this year.Going to try out one of the Annin flags next and hope we get more for our money .
 Not sure flag is brand advertised . Has no label like other Annin flags . Emailed seller but no response . Flag has been flying off and on for less than 30 days and is ripping already
 Ordered this through BC Novelties . Not sure if they sent a genuine Annin Nyl-Glo flag or not . It came in generic packaging . I have had this up for less than 4 months now and is starting to shred . Granted , we 've had some crazy storms this year ... but it should 've held up to it . The color still looks good , but the ends are starting to unravel . Unfortunately , it looks like I 'll have to replace it soon .
 I purchased this flag because of their recommended stitching . In less than one week outdoors the stitching on the outer end of the flag had failed . In less than one month the atitching on the stripes was failing . I would not recommend flag for 24 hour outdoor .
 The only reason it got two stars instead of one was that the shipping was great . The first thing I noticed about this flag was that the tag says &#34; MADE IN PAKISTAN . &#34; It is false advertising to say that is American made . The flag was stained on one of the white stripes . Mine is hanging on a wall and the flag does not hang straight . It is not even close to a perfect rectangle . I do not recommend this product .
 nice item , realy works . maybe a bit weak for an exhaust vanbut has worked continually for over a month .
 This vent does n't move much air . You can barely tell it moves any air . Not worth the price ... Do n't waste your money ... Ricko
 I bought this to charge my phone while out in the boonies with the military . It did n't end up working out because the attachment did n't work with my later generation LG phone . A buddy used it to charge his Nokia but complained it took him a full day of winding to charge his phone . Luckily in the Army we often have whole days to throw away ! The radio works but has poor reception and the battery for the LED flashlight did n't work well after a few months of not being used . I would not recommend this thing , especially for emergency use . Cell phones are better charged with AA-powered cell phone chargers and the inexpensive little shake-flashlights work great . An all-in-one does n't seem to be the answer here .
 The charger out did not function when received . The connector is so cheap it would n't receive the adapter.This a total waste of money -LRB- Chinese crap -RRB- and I certainly would not want to depend on it in a emergency.Sincerely , Dave
 This seems to be a hit and miss situation . I sent the 6 '' Christmas plant and it was a hit but these 4 '' pots arrived as if they had not seen any sunlight for days . One 's roots are looking pretty dead.IF you order these , order them for yourself not as a gift as I did . Nothing says `` blah '' like getting a dying plant in the mail for a birthday present.Hirt 's reply was `` looks OK to me . Let us know if it dies . ''
 I do not recommend purchasing this product . I realize now why they do not show a full size image of this cactus in the pot . It is very tiny and not at all what I expected . My girlfriend purchased one at our local nursery for the same price that was 4 times the size of this one . Do n't waste your money on this item .
 Be aware that the Rescue Fly Trap pictured in the product display page is not what gets shipped . I ordered this product six weeks ago and it worked beyond my expectations . Back then I did get the Rescue Fly trap bags . Last week I placed a new order and received what appear to be the generic equivalent . The have attracted perhaps 20 flies in 5 days . The previous bags were almost halfway full in 5 days.The merchant has contacted me and we are working on a resolution of the issue . They were very proactive and I am very impressed with their interest in resolving the issue . The rating of the item received remains at one star but I have to give five stars to the seller for their effort to resolve the situation .
 These Rescue bags came in time for an outdoor wedding in our yard . The bottom broke open out of the first one , the others had the pop out top sealed shut . I have used these bags in the past very successfully . Very disappointed .
 I would highly recommend to NOT buy this product . NEVER NEVER NEVER !!!! It was placed outside and the cut was made properly - but when we attempted to remove the bag , it fell ! It landed on a carpeted porch , and ultimately seeped into our basement . The smell is not a smell , it is literally the scent of a rotted animal ! Since it splattered everywhere , I immediately called customer service for help on what to do , and the rep was actually quite pathetic ! She indicated I needed to get Natures Miracle , which has enzymes in it to kill the smell . Fortunately , I had some - but certainly did not have gallons on hand , and even that amount would probably not work to cut the odor . I was advised that they used `` rotting meats '' and yeast to attract the flies , and it 's not harmful to humans ! What they do n't tell you on the label is how to clean up this stuff if you should get it on you or on other items ! `` Soap and Water '' , as indicated on their label does not work . I was advised to use either Gain , Oxydol or Tide laundry detergent and scrub it in , which did not work ! I expressed my dis-satisfaction with the product and customer service - and was directed to a voice mail for `` safety '' ! This stuff is nasty !!! Deal with the flies - do n't buy the product !!!! I was never asked for my address to reimburse me for anything , or to even send me coupons for `` Natures Miracle '' . Again , DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT ! I would never recommend !!!
 Received yesterday and started to use - it catches nothing but smell really disgusting . I do n't know why the product receives so many 5 stars and it is really confused me . I have purchased hundreds of products from amazon and ebay - this is my first time to leave a 1 star review .
 Well , these bags do LOOK like they work superficially . After all , you can see dozens of flies trapped inside crawling around . You might think , `` Wow ! Look at all the flies that wo n't be coming in my house ! `` But , the thing is , the product is intended to be hung in a place where you have a fly problem , which means Something is attracting insects already . While the awful fishy smell from the bag does attract a number of flies and trap them , there are still a whole lot of other flies buzzing around outside of it . There do n't seem to be LESS flies around because of the trap , but MORE because of the trap.Yes , it 's kind of fun to see the captured flies crawling around inside , but when you think about it , there are billions of flies out there . Trapping 100 of them is n't going to make much of a difference . Personally , I 'm going to try to find a way to repel them , rather than attract them !
 I overnighted two of these to deal with a crazy fly situation in my apartment . They did n't catch one fly . Not one . What solved the problem ? Good old fashioned fly tape . Do n't waste your money .
 Purchased this with high hopes that it would catch flies in an area with a volume of flies . After a week , nothing but the stench of the unit . It was disappointing . The sticky hanging traps worked 1000x better than this .
 I bought this specifically try to trap and kill a horse fly that hangs around our deck and boat . The thing stinks like a very poor outhouse . I did see many small black flies inside , but I never saw the horse fly . Little rascal ca n't figure out how to get rid of this nasty horse fly . So , I guess if you want to catch little black flies this might be OK .
 For 7.63 , this product is overpriced for a plastic bag with some sugar water in it . In addition the unclear directions meant that I cut the wrong part out of the bag and destroyed it . Yuck !
 I had high hopes for this product , but it has n't caught more than three flies in three days . The other fly catcher we got on Amazon has caught a ton . This bag just does n't seem to be a very powerful attractant .
 Set up quick , gives me the indoor and outdoor temp . Gives indoor humidity.That is all it does and it does it well . Clock sets up automatically by radio signal which is cool.The `` Forecast '' section is useless really and should be removed for something more useful like dual outside temp readings.Edit ** Had to come back and take the five stars away . This will not work when the temperature drops below freezing at all.I tried all different types of batteries , locations , etc. . . I ended up buying five of the sensors and they all broke in less than a year .
 This is my second weather station from this LA Crosse ... and my last . The first unit lasted just over a year , this one lasted 6 weeks !!!!!!!!! I can not find any information on trying contact the company to return it either . I would think Amazon would provide contact information !!!!!!!!!! BAD purchase !!!!!!!
 The wireless functionality of this device is totally unrealistic . Stating that you have to set the transmitter -LRB- outside of your house -RRB- 3-5 feet away from the device is plain silly ... So that part does not work which defies the purpose of monitoring outdoor temperatures . Second issue is that you can not set the channel . It is broken . The web site is a joke to get help . This is the second La Crosse device I 'm returning . The first one was an atomic clock that never got the time adjusted . I put La Crosse on my `` Do not Buy '' list . The act of selling junk has to stop .
 I got this for a Christmas gift last year and it worked great out of the box . Other than batteries dying quick it worked fine . Then after 6 months the inside temperature would go crazy , jumping to over 100 degrees . Shortly after that , the outside sensor stopped working and the unit would display just two dash lines . Very disappointed would never get this model again and highly recommend to look for different model .
 First , it took forever for the grill to cook most of anything . Then , in the middle of cooking on the side grill , the line connecting the propane to the grill exploded off and sent propane all in the air , and fire ! The fire was shooting out the side of the side grill and required a fire extinguisher to put it out . I will contact someone tomorrow about refund or what to do next .
 Much to large and cumbersome to us as a `` portable grill '' . Works fine as an extra grill at home
 Fuel tank leaks . Gas cap leaks . Throttle awkward to use . Throttle will not stay set in desired running position and goes to idle unbidden . Extremely loud . Gas hog . Difficult to service air cleaner . Non-existent support from manufacturer . Difficult to start - takes hundreds of pulls to warm the engine by pulling the starter rope . Over-heats and quits running . Will not start when it is cooler than 60 . Exhaust blows back on operator 's legs . Yard care equipment dealers will not service these blowers because they consider them to be throw-away junk . It was cheap but not worth the money I spent . I am not a newbie with these things . I have many 2-cycle and 4-cycle engine powered machines . Troy-Bilt makes the worst `` price-point '' garbage on the planet . After much frustration and disappointment with this awful piece of junk I drained the tank and threw it in the garbage with great joy . Do not buy Troy-Bilt products . Honda , Husqvarna , Stihl , Echo - heck , everyone else - makes better , more reliable equipment than Troy-Bilt .
 After three years of hard starts , I finally put it to rest .170 mph smack into the garage floor ... now that felt good and long over due.RIP Troy-Bilt !
 JUNK JUNK JUNK - Best thing you can say about it . Not even if it was free.Do not waste your time . Better off with a broom .
 After one season , the blower will not start . I contacted MTD -LRB- owners of Troy-Bilt -RRB- and was basically told that it was not their problem . Absurd . Do not purchase this product , and carefully consider buying any MTD products that may need repair .
 This blower can push the leaves I have never used it as a vacum -LRB- how many leaves can you get in one bag ? -RRB- I have owned a number of TB products over the last 10 years ... the chain saw -LRB- ca. 2005 -RRB- has been rough to start but can bring down the wood ... . I give it a thumbs up -LRB- its not a stihl -RRB- ... but the weed eater and leaf blower -LRB- ca 2006 and 2008 -RRB- have got problems with the carb and can be very hard to start after a few hours of use . my blower is in pieces right now as I try to get the spark back -LRB- I really think this is the core issue with these later models ... a weak spark module -RRB- I have also experienced what I thought was an over heating issue on the blower and maybe the weed cutter . . but ca n't prove it.I overall agree with the earlier comment that you spend a little more and get better from other manufactures -LRB- keep in mind MTD makes a lot of everything . -RRB-
 Had I listened to the dozens of reviews on this product I would not have purchased it . Having had one for 5 years and besides the problem of returning one back to HD , I had good luck with it . It started everytime in all kinds of weather.The new one is just as everyone described . Hard to start and it never warmed up so it ran smooth and at full throttle . Fortunately , I kept my old one and swaped the carbs . It now starts on the 2nd or 3rd pull and will idle and run at full throttle.The choke system on the new ones is terrible and you ca n't change it w/o changing the carb . The holes do n't match up on the old one and the new one.I hope Troy-Bilt pays attention to the the reviews and does something with the choke system on their product . It is evident that quality checks were not done or they would have been very easily experienced . Right out of the box mine had the problem.No , I would not recommend purchasing this equipment , in fact I would have to strongly discourage anyone from purchasing this unit . I was lucky and had the old one and the mechanical experience to change out the carbs.Now I have a new blower with a 5 year old CARB , but it works like it is supposed to.Keeping my fingers crossed ...
 this is one of those items that you should just pony up and buy a good backpack blower.You can buy a more powerful easy to use blower for a small price increase.This unit started great for the first year and then was not cooperative the next.Its awkward to hold and heavy after a very short period of time.then throttle switch does not set and will move gradually to slow down the motor.Pass on this one ... its the equivilent of an electric blower .
 Works fine ! But my pool have dark blue tiles and . . if this AquaGlow did n't work at all ! If your pool is white , might look like the picture -LRB- doubt it !! -RRB- But it is fun to show to the guests !!
 First one received was broken . Second one lasted two times and will not work anymore . Unit did not get wet on inside . When it did work it made the pool look awesome ...
 I 've had the AquaGlow 3559 Underwater Light Starship for almost a month now and I have n't even been able to get it open to put batteries in it . Very frustrated with the fact that it seems glued together . I 've tried to open it the way the directions say , I 've tried other online reviews , and howto websites . Nothing . . HELP !
 i think it is junk i used it put it back in the box went back out to swim 2 days later used it hit the button a few times to change mode and the button broke
 I bought 3 of these and they are all broken !!!! They leak and my son dropped one and it broke . Not worth it !!! Also the picture they show is not how it works . I have a 27 ' round pool . That 's why I bought so many . I works better as a disco ball in my kids room !
 I have a 16x32 inground pool with a deep end of 6 ft. This poor light has the hardest time trying to light up anything . It does not have as many LED elements as a cheaper unit I had picked up at target last year , and the way the lights seem to line up , or not line up with the focal spots of the hosuing there does not appear to be much light that truly is cast down into the pool . Overall very disappointed with this light .
 I saw mixed reviews but thought it would be fun for the pool . It does have a beautiful effect on the pool . You have to be careful though it 's seals leaked some water into the bulb each time I put it in the water . There are 2 layers for the water to get to before it reaches the electronics . It got bumped by someone , not dunked , just lightly bumped into and it tipped the topside into the water.The electronics got wet and it did n't work . We let it dry out and a few weeks later tried again and it was working . The platic snaps that close and seal it are showing wear after only a few uses and I expect will break comletely after a couple more uses .
 Bought this as a gift for a friend 's birthday party . They were excited to see it in action so we put it right in the pool with about twenty guests watching . What a huge disappointment !!! Looks nothing like the picture ... totally lame . It barely lit the corner of about a 20 ' pool . I would return it right away if it was n't a gift .
 While the quality and look of the light was great , the brightness of the light was not . did n't work well at all . It was very dim , and did not light up a large area of the water .
 I have a 15 ' above ground intex pool and this light did not light the pool up in the least.NOTHING like the pictures to say the least.Sent it back and Amazon was great about it as usual.Thank God cause I would have been really pissed if I had to keep this POS.It is a cool idea and if they get it working right -LRB- the LED lights need to be 1000x brighter.No Joke . -RRB- it would be REALLY cool !! Dont waste your time right now .
 bought 2 underwater light show disco balls was n't satisfied in what light they put out seems that they would be better in a kids pool then a intex above ground pool the picture shows that it covers pool but the one i got barely covers 12 '' of pool hope to find something better
 I had to buy three sets of batteries before I could get it to work . It finally turned on and then it would n't turn off . I had to take the batteries out to make it turn off . Never got it in the pool - I could not get it to turn on again and I 'm not going to waste anymore batteries on this.I called the manufacturer and also sent them an email because my time to return was over . They ignored all my correspondence .
 I ordered this for our home and it 's not as cool as the pictures show it to be . I would not recommend it .
 The picture is VERY misleading ! The light emitted from this &#34; starship &#34; does n't even come close to what is shown . Even on the darkest of nights , you had to look very closely to see what little light there was on bottom of pool . A dud .
 The light is very weak . it does n't worth the money !!!! I put 2 of these lights in a small pool , and it did n't make a diference . I should need at least 4 of these to have some nice light . invest your money in something better !!!!
 The item is cool but honestly , its not very easy to see the cool colors with the jets and air on in the hot tub . It tends to want to be right next to someone and it seems to always be in the way .
 device included in a pool tube medium and the expected effect does not shine , do not notice the lights are very weak well I thought that it would look like the picture and it was not so in this case will be for a very small pool .
 Interesting idea , but poor execution . Would be great for smaller pools , but anything 20 ' + would need 2-3 of these to light up the pool like it 's depicted in the picture . I use as a novelty from time to time but it 's not practicle or really worth the money . Sorry , I 'd find something else more powerful , as this runs off a couple of AA batteries only .
 Used less than a dozen times and the power button no longer functions.When it did , the lights were n't very bright -LRB- not at all as pictured -RRB- .
 Do n't expect a spectacular light show . The kids enjoyed it for a while . The brilliance showed in the picture is highly exagerated . It died during the 2nd summer .
 I must say I was very disappointed with this product . I can barely even see the lights below the starship let alone anywhere in the pool . This would be great for a bathrub but nothing bigger than that . Might have to order atleast 4 more if I want to see it in the pool .
 I bought three of these , and they are junk ! Our pool was just put in and job finished ! I was so disappointed when I tried these . My time to return has expired and I 'm very upset . Do n't buy these
 It barely ever works.I wish to send it back at a full refund.Sometimes it works and sometimes it does n't . When it works , it does n't cover an area of 18 feet , it covers 5 feet or less.My review is n't a a 1 , its a 0 .
 I had read several reviews about these lights and hoped that I may be one of the people giving them 5 stars ... obviously I 'm not . I bought two of these for my white inground pool , they worked properly ONE time , I put them in at night when no one was swimming , it did not rain , they were not submerged at all , the second night only one would work , by the third night , neither of them would work , After banging on the sides of one and shaking it vigorously -LRB- my youngs sons method of working on things -RRB- one came back on , he tried the second light with his same technique , with no results . I did not expect the first night that they would light up the entire pool , the two of them did light up most of the area however , I just wish I could have enjoyed them for more than one night . I gave two stars instead of one because they were shipped quickly and did give me a few hours of enjoyment .
 Product shipped was a cheaper version of what I ordered . Hometopia would not respond to my three emails regarding return . I went ahead and used the product , which only worked once . I filed a claim with Amazon which was resolved . I would not do business with this company again .
 We bought several of these for our different store locations . First issue is that they are not quite wide enough to use in a half wine barrel . not sure if a whiskey barrel is an inch more narrow - but it is n't quite snug enough with the half wine barrel . Second issue is that the water has no where to go - so unless you drill some holes in the bottom of these they will get too heavy and fall through into the barrel . Our solution was to get a block from home depot - like the ones used for block walls . Put it under the liner to hold it up . Then drilled a few holes in the liner so they could drain . Now they work perfect .
 I received this product with no top on the bottle , just the usual paper seal . After I break the seal and use it once how am I to reseal the bottle , with a part of my anatomy that shall remain nameless ? The person who packaged it could plainly see that there was no top which is why they 're packing stuff in the warehouse . I feel much better now .
 The propane tank is great quality . Unfortunately I did n't shop around and paid way too much . You can buy the same tank with a meter on it at Sam 's for $ 29.00 or Home Depot without the meter for $ 29.00 .
 Nowhere in the product description does it mention that it DOES NOT ACTUALLY CONTAIN ANY PROPANE , and , therefore , ended up being a waste of money . I had to take it to Lowe 's to get it exchanged for one that was actually filled . Perhaps I should have inquired in advance , but I did n't even think to do so since Amazon &#34; recommended &#34; that it be bought together with my outdoor heat lamp . Boo .
 Really should state that it is empty . I paid $ 42 for a tank I ca n't use . The propane places in Brooklyn do n't refill your tank , you can only exchange the tank . Complete waste of money .
 this makes me so damn mad . Tonight I had six friends over for steak dinner . Brand new blue rino tank from Ace . Once before I had brought one home and it would n't open , and provide gas to the burners . Tonight , using the recommendations from the Ace guys , I opened it reallllllllllllllllly slow ! Did n't make a damn bit of difference . We could n't get a smell of gas from it . Go to the kitchen , get an iron pan smoking up the house when it is 90 ourside , finish in an oven , while the gas grill sets unusable . NO WAY IN HELL WILL I EVER BRING HOME ANOTHER BLUE RINO TANK . This control valve is a piece of junk . Preposterous .
 It must have been stupid of me to assume that this tank would show up with propane in it , but somehow I did . The tank was empty , which makes sense from the safety perspective , but sucks from convenience perspective . I think the product title and description could be more explicit about the fact that it will come empty . I 'm sure that the tank is great and all , but it means that I 'm not getting to grill tonight , and will have to now figure out where to go to get this thing filled , or worse , I 'll have to exchange it for some dinged up tank with gas -LRB- goodbye my brand new pretty tank , it was good to know you -RRB- . Anyway , I just wanted to create this entry to warn others that THE TANK IS EMPTY .
 Heavy duty , yes!Great color , yes!But the water distribution is poor , only the outer 1/3rd of the pattern gets water , the inner portion close to the sprinkler remains bone dry.I put it out with a `` take me i am free '' sign.Don ' t waste your money .
 If you want a whole bunch of water immediately below your sprinkler and not on the rest of the lawn , then consider buying this sprinkler . A hole on the bottom of the sprinkler shot water out like a laser , and most of the remaining water leaked out around the plastic spray selector on the top . Only a small portion actually went out through the spray patterns.Additionally , those spray patterns were not well-designed . The water sprayed out in such a fine mist that even a slight breeze blew it way off target.I do not recommend this product at all .
 Do n't waste your money on a multipurpose sprinkler head . None of the settings is to my satisfaction , so back to my old cheap one .
 The most I 've spent for a sprinkler . Just because it said Dramm . I thought it might actually work , but it is rather pitiful . It does not cover anywhere near the area advertised unless , perhaps , attached to a fire-hose . Our water pressure is n't bad , I can cover half my yard with my old $ 7 sprinkler but with this thing , I 'm lucky to reach 1/4 . Very sad .
 After ordering from Amazon at $ 23.01 , found same item in my local hardware store for $ 19.99 . Local store does n't have discount pricing and normally is higher priced than big box hardware stores . First time I 'm aware of that I 've been burned on pricing for an Amazon purchase . Just a warning to check local pricing .
 We have a smallish yard in San Francisco - rectangular . We are trying to minimize the amount of wasted water.This product seemed to be the perfect solution , but it does n't work quite as well as it should :1 . There are stronger areas and weaker areas - so , if you 're using the square , there might be one side of the square where the water goes further than the other side . Thus , not quite a square .2 . Missing a couple of shapes - as noted by the other reviewer.Really wanted this to work . It 's a great idea , just does n't quite do the job .
 I have split firewood with an eight pound splitting maul for 13 years and love it . My son , who is 14 wanted a lighter one so that he could split with me so I bought him this one . It does have a nice handle but the head is pathetic . Neither one of us could reliably get the thing to split logs . One of us would swing it and it would just dent the log . I would switch to my eight pound and the log would split . I compared the two and there is not nearly as much taper on the the Truper six pound as there is on my eight so I took a grinder to it and tapered the head to match my older maul . The maul splits like a dream now.If you 're having trouble getting this maul to split consistently try having more of a taper ground into the head , something Truper might want to do from the factory .
 Do n't buy . I bought the unmatched set of `` Truper 30957 6-Pound Splitting Maul , 36-Inch Fiberglass Handle '' , `` Truper 30528 3-1/2 - Pound Single Bit Michigan Axe , Fiberglass Handle , 33-Inch '' , and a Truper Pick & Mattock , all around the beginning of 2009 , all with yellow Fiberglass handles for durability , and all under the name `` Collins '' , that I remembered from childhood . Note the designs have changed ; however the first two products appear identical but for the black `` racing stripes '' . None got significant use until the summer of 2011 when the head of the Maul stayed stuck in a disk / cylinder of trunk that I was splitting . Close examination showed that the handle was a steep wedge ~ glued in , had just `` come out '' , and there was no obvious way short of major machine tools that the head was going to be useful for anything . The hardware store where I bought it also had n't seen this before , and marvelled.Then on smaller disks I noticed that the head of the axe was beginning to loosen . The hole farthest from the handle has a glassy plastic overlay that never moved , yet the handle itself began to head away from the axe , and its movement was preceded by a more pliable black sealer / adhesive of some sort that was forced out of the hole and down the handle , in the direction of the user . Handle and head have n't yet parted company , but I 'm no longer using it as I consider it dangerous . Like the Maul , if I only had a machine shop I 'd just ream out the hole and go wooden next time ; but since I do n't ... The mattock continues to work just fine , although I have n't used it much.I work with computers for a living -LRB- chopping wood is only an avocation , and as I do n't do the gym as often as I should , a `` light duty '' one at that -RRB- , so this just does n't seem to be a reasonable failure rate . I contacted servicio@truper.com regarding their products , and never heard back anything.This is n't how I expect to be treated . My next such will be a Fiscars ; I have their hatchet -LRB- what luck no Collins ... -RRB- , it 's proven indestructible so far .
 It worked great the 12 times i used it . Now it will light the pilot light and as long as I hold in button the pilot stays lit . However as soon as I let go the pilot goes out , even if I hold for 45 seconds.How do I get it repaired ?
 Very difficult to start and sometimes wo n't start at all.Tanks only last 1 to 2 hrs.at $ 4 eaHeating radius only 2 feet . Will return unit and get aCommerical Grade floor heater .
 I purchased this item and it arrived damaged due to very little protection on the sides of the box . The aluminum top was the part that was damaged .
 I just recently tried to use this and it does not work . Please contact me on how I can return and get a replacement .
 Pilot light worked , but heater would not come on . It was supposed to help heat the deck for Holiday Party . Very disappointed.How do I get my money back ? What a waste .
 Product is not packaged well , you can count on the heat shield being dented upon arrival.Workmanship on product slightly less than one would expect from an 8th grade shop class . -LRB- my apologee to 8th grade shop class students/teachers -RRB- Although parts do n't match exactly with instructions ; with a little work you can put this together.Mine does n't work . No gas through regulator . But hey , this kind of thing happens right ? Just a quick trip to the manufacturers website for information on a spare part or service . Good luck . A click on the `` Live Chat '' returns an `` Offline '' response . Try and send a message on the `` Contact Us '' page and you 'll get a response `` Too Long '' No phone number is provided.A note to ` Fire Sense ' -LRB- the manufacturer -RRB- If your business plan is to provide no customer service , skip the `` Contact Us '' page on your website.Awful product , awful company . Stay away or you 'll get burned . -LRB- get it , it 's a heater -RRB-
 Starts out ok ... works just like we wanted ... but after a few minutes the valve ices up and output goes so low it basically becomes worthless ...
 Maybe we got a defective unit , but the gas would not flow through the unit . I tried all sorts of ways to get the dial to let the gas through , but nothing worked . I even tried 3 other gas bottles . I bought a different brand , used the same gas bottles and it worked just fine .
 The Propane Table Top Patio Heater -LRB- stainless steel -RRB- arrived promptly . However , the top part , which reflects the heat , had two dents . Since it seemed well packed , I can only imagine that it got damaged at the factory , but this is just a guess . This was a gift , and the recipients did n't want to return it -LRB- because it was a hassle to disassemble and put all the parts back in the box -RRB- . The heater works fine ; it gives about a 3 ' -4 ' radius worth of heat . FYI
 Be forewarned , this product is made in China . As such , the workmanship is minimal and the materials substandard . No edge is finished . Just the action of changing the tank is guaranteed to provide your hand with one or more cuts from the sharp edges of the opening . Every piece is of the poorest quality of metal . The hardware is of the cheapest quality . Even if it works as advertised , I 'm very unhappy with the typical chinese workmanship . Even the foam it was packed in is unrecycleable . Just more landfill .
 We were going to convert our new gas grill to briquettes , like we 've had in the past . However , these ceramic briquettes were of an inferior quality and unlike the claim on the bag , did not cover a medium size grill .
 Needed to replace for my old grill and the parts do what 's intended , but they are very expensive for what they are .
 it was very wobbly if you didnt step on it in the near center it would tip.I thought I was getting a nearly black doormat as in the photo but it was very bronze it cost more in shipping back and forth that the actual price .
 I had high expectations for this pool cover that it would , in fact , use the power of the sun to keep my pool warm . It is a great pool cover , but , in my opinion , a not so good pool warmer . It seemed that the science was good
 I purchased this cover for our 10 foot round pool and it was more like a 8 foot round pool cover . It was not what I actually wanted but kept and gave it away to a friend of mine with a 8 foot pool .
 This is one sheet of blue bubble wrap - the type you get packages delivered with . There is no way to adhere the cover OVER the pool or TO the pool . It just floats on the water . `` Solar Pool Cover '' is absolutely misleading . You would be better off with a tarp draped over the pool .
 This cover is basically a round piece of blue bubble wrap . It does NOT have any kind of elasticized edge , it just sort of sits on top of the water 's surface . I suppose I should have done my research , but for this price I was expecting more than bubble wrap . It has not made the water noticeably warmer .
 This is not a good product . It does not stay in place , and it should be able to slip over the edges of the pool to hold it in place . It does n't . I am extremely disappointed in this product .
 I ordered this solar pool cover because my kid uses the pool all the time and sometimes complain that it 's to cold . I figured a solar cover would keep it warm for them in mid afternoons , well when I got the pool cover I was so excited only to open the very nice zipped re-usable plastic bag it came in . I pulled it out and it was nothing more than a circular large plastic bubble . I wonder how can I use this ? How does it stay on the pool ? Do it just lay on top ? To this day I still have n't figured it out ! So , there it sits in my garage , a total waist of money !!!
 they put 8 pounds item , you think it is a durable item , but no it is only 2 pounds and cheap item , not covering the full 20 inch pool , the time they put a right description of the item they can have only one more star.don ' t buy it try a full cover it is better than this one .
 Just received the pool cover today for my 10 ' metal frame pool . The cover leaves a gap all around the edge of the pool . At least 2 - 3 inches around the circumference . Very unhappy with the cover ; would not recommend to anyone for a similar sized pool .
 I was disappointed with the 10 ' solar pool cover . After purchasing this product by mistake , I purchased a 10 ' debris cover for my pool . The solar covers merely lay on the top of the surface of the water in the pool . It does not secure to the pool , or prevent debris from getting in the pool . The debris cover goes completely around the inflated ring of the pool and is secured with elastic and a pull-string
 This thing says it is for a 8-Foot or 10-Foot pool . I have the 8-foot quick set poll . It is like table cloth it is so big . There is no drawstring to tighten it like the regular cover . I called and the tech guy told me to `` buy some rope '' and then next person told me to cut it .
 This `` cover '' is nothing more than a cirle-shaped sheet of bubble wrap . It is easy to put on and take off and does raise the water temperature , but it fell apart before the end of the summer . The bubbles disintingrated leaving small round pieces of blue plastic throughout the pool . Now when I try to pick it up , my fingers poke right through what is left of the cover . I gave it two stars because it did what it was supposed to do in heating the water , but it failed miserably in durability .
 This `` cover '' is nothing more than a cirle-shaped sheet of bubble wrap . It is easy to put on and take off and does raise the water temperature , but it fell apart before the end of the summer . The bubbles disintingrated leaving small round pieces of blue plastic throughout the pool . Now when I try to pick it up , my fingers poke right through what is left of the cover . I gave it two stars because it did what it was supposed to do in heating the water , but it failed miserably in durability .
 Yep , it covers the pool . Barely . This is really just a big piece of blue bubblewrap , cut in a circle , with a few holes in it . I do n't expect it to last more than a season . Looking at the pictures , it seems like maybe it wraps over the edge , but that 's just the pool itself -LRB- we have an Intex metal frame pool , which does n't have the big blue lip -RRB- . We ended up also ordering the regular pool cover , sold by the same seller for a lower price .
 Intex Easy Set 10-Foot Round Pool Cover ripped within three weeks of use . It was and an inexpensive purchase and made out of cheap material . I do n't recommend it .
 Product does help warm the water through the power of the sun , but does n't do a great job of blocking out debris , such as bugs , leaves etc. . Product would work much better if it wrapped around the rim of the pool , however this so-called cover does n't cover the edges of the size of the pool it claims to cover . It just floats on the waters surface .
 It is just a bubble foil , so you can buy cheaper at Lowes or any other DIY store .
 I ordered the Solarroll and my parents brought it to me in Brazil -LRB- so no returns -RRB- . I did n't realize that in order to power your laptop with this , you need to buy a car charger adapter . This is only specified on the website -- the info is n't easy to find . And , not all adapters work . In fact , none of the three that I 've tried do anything at all . I can tell the solarroll is charging something because a little light in the adapter goes on , but there is no charge going into my laptop -- even left for hours , nothing trickles in.So it gets two stars because I 'm pretty sure the unit is n't defective . But it loses three because I 'm out $ 300 + and what I paid for three adapters . I feel pretty stupid at this point -- so much for my attempt to be environmentally conscious and live slightly less on the grid . I agree with the other reviewer -- this needs either a universal adapter , or some better instructions -LRB- or any at all -RRB- on exactly what type of additional device one needs to buy to make the damn thing work !
 I 'm from china , when I get this is about 1 month.It 's a big trouble to send back this , this thing makes me never want to buy anything from this brand .
 I purchased this product because it was organic . After setting my pots under grow lights and watering , the next day the surface soil was covered with tiny gnats , some crawling , some flying . I removed the top layer of soil , sprayed the top of the soil with insecticidal soap , and checked back the next day . There were still tiny gnats in the soil the next day . I checked all my plant books for information on this particular `` bug '' and found nothing . Then I searched under Google using `` tiny bugs , flies , in potting soil '' . Many , many of the responses mentioned purchasing the more expensive choice of potting soil , in particular Miracle Grow Organic Choice Potting Mix . I checked other sites and found similar replies . The gnats eat the fungus in this mix and light and water bring them out of their dormant stage . They also eat other things in the soil , including roots . Yesterday I placed a glue trap on the surface of each pot 's soil and captured more gnats in each pot so I know they are still there . I also tried using a neon yellow paper covered with two sided tape because i read they are attracted to that color . There is a product that can be purchased that does the same thing . I am so furious because I purchased eight bags of this potting mix and did not save my receipt . Since the gnats came in the soil I feel I will never be able to get rid of them because their larvae and eggs are mixed throughout the soil . I do not think this infestation is something I will ever be rid of until I get rid of all the Miracle Grow Organic Choice Potting Mix . I plan to buy a different potting soil and transplant my seedlings . I hope they can tolerate the shock . I have never written a review before but felt compelled to write this so no one else has to go through this experience .
 I purchase LOTS of potting soil . Miracle grow 's standard potting soil is a really nice product . I was at the supermarket and just needed a little potting soil this time . Normally I buy 3 or 4 of the biggest Costco sized bags but this time I just go a normal sized organic bag . This is not good potting soil . It has a really high percentage of shredded wood in it . Wood eats nitrogen from the soil as it composts to become soil . This potting soil will sacrifice my plants while it transforms into GARDEN SOIL -LRB- too much compost and not light enough to be potting soil even after all the wood degrades -RRB- . Stay away from this soil and go for the regular potting soil or if you want actually `` natural '' potting soil you can blend your own .
 Terrible soil mix . Comes with hardly any perilite in the mix . pH runoff with this using 6.5 water was over 8 almost 9 , and causes plants to have nute deficiency issues due to the high pH unless you do a flush with pH corrected water and verify that the runoff is n't completely off the charts.Save yourself time and get yourself a real soil mix like fox farm or something instead of buying this crap .
 I bought this stuff at our local garden center at first . Bugs EVERYWHERE ! Yuck . You wo n't see them at first , but as soon as you start using it ... and adding water -LRB- as you need to do to keep the greenies alive -RRB- you 'll be infested with tiny gnat-like things that come out of the soil . Tried buying at a different location - SAME PROBLEM ! I love the idea of an organic soil . But if that includes infestation of bugs in the house , it 's a terrible idea ! It seems others are having the same issue - perhaps they can fix this problem someday . What a waste of money , though . I 'm disappointed I bought it . I suppose if you used it for ONLY outside containers it might not be an issue since there are bugs outside anyway .
 If you want to breed gnats , this is the perfect soil for you . Once watered , this soil is CRAWLING with them . I will never buy this soil again .
 This is ridiculous , I opened the bag and had gnats explode into my garage . Luckily I was able to put that bag into a trash bag and contain it before it got worse . Does anyone else know of a potting mix that is n't this troublesome ?
 I did n't believe the reviews on this product , and quite frankly our local home depot does n't carry many options . At first , I noticed house flies all around the windows near where I used this soil . Now ... two weeks later ... fungus gnats everywhere ! I am going to have to throw out all the seeds I started and start anew with a better soil . Do not buy this product unless you 're planning to use it outside .
 I 'm no expert at any sort of gardening . I can just tell you my brief experience.I have successfully grown plants indoors in window boxes with some kind of cheap potting soil from the K-mart . That stuff has little white rocks of some type of manufactured fertilizer , and worked like a charm . I knew nothing , put the seeds in , watered them , and got loads of herbs and greens out of it for months.A couple of months ago , I started a new bunch of plants with this Miracle-Gro organic stuff . The plants are alive , but not healthy at all , and the growth rate is extremely slow in comparison with my original batches . I 'm a terrible gardener , and there may be explanations for that apart from the soil ... but maybe not . All the other variables are the same , insofar as I know.The soil did burst out with loads of bugs before too long , so I had the same problem as the other reviewers in that regard . I originally thought that they were some kind of drosophila , but I guess they 're fungus gnats . I tried to control them by organic means , and was marginally successful for some time , but then it just got out of hand . By the time I was thinking about hiring a bunch of lizards to eat them , I just gave up and hit 'em with some pyrethrin dust . That mostly took care of the problem , but there are still a few of the flies around and I 'm waiting to see if the population rebounds . If it does , I 'm just going to dump the whole mess out and start over.There may be a good use for this soil , but it 's just not working out for me . I 'm not so much into the challenge of organic gardening ; I just want free , fresh greens every day . If you know what you 're doing and want the stuff for the complimentary compost bugs , more power to you . ===== Update
 I re-potted my young indoor pepper plants in this several weeks ago , and they steadily became yellow , and failed to grow and thrive . I lost about half the leaves in the last two days , so I finally got down and took a close look , and there were so many gnats it looked like the dirt itself was alive ! I just re-potted them in another non-organic brand - hopefully they 'll survive the shock . This was only the second time I 've bought a Miracle-Gro soil . The first time I got the regular non-organic soil , and within a week a spider mite infestation that came with the soil wiped out my miniature roses . Steer clear of this stuff !
 Bug infested !!! Had to fumigate my office afterwards . Would give zero if possible .
 Last year after using this product I had gnat infestation which killed my entire new crop of cilantro , dill , mint and onions . I went crazy trying to protect my jasmine and croton from them . I thought it was the fragrance of my herbs that attracted the fungus gnats.Today , as I was adding the third scoop of Miracle Gro organic potting mix to my curry leaf plant , my husband noticed flying gnats in the packet ! They came free with the soil !!! Is this Scott 's way of getting us to use their pesticides and chemical laced non-organic products ? If so , shame on them !!
 Bought this potting mix deeply discounted . After 2 months , the tomatoes I was growing in it reached a height of 4 inches when they should have reached at least 4 feet . The mix is far too heavy for containers . Probably will work for flowers and such .
 I do n't mind the bugs in the soil . They are usually found in soil and have been in the other soils I have purchased . The lady bugs and other insects in my garden usually enjoy having them for lunch . However , unlike the other soils where my plants thrived , this soil did not produce any results to speak of . The plants I tried to grow in this soil ... did n't . And it is n't like I planted them yesterday . I purchased this soil about 6 months ago and nothing planted in it ever grew . I have long since gone back to other soils . Hopefully , you have better luck .
 This is the worst soil that I have ever purchased in all my years of gardening . There were rocks in this mix , a rubber band , to many wood chips , bugs , and the PH is off the Richter scale . All of my Tomatoes began to turn yellow almost immediately and eventually died . I currently decided to dish out the extra money for fox farm ocean forest and I encourage any serious gardener to do the same .
 It does n't cling on to the sides ... it 's basically a huge , thick sheet of bubble wrap . Not really what I thought it was while looking at the picture , it works as long as there is no wind to lift it up .
 Worst $ 30 ever spent . Does not heat pool at all . Just a big piece of bubble wrap . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY .
 THIS COVER NOT WORK AT ALL . YOU CAN NOT FIX TO YOUR POOL , IN THE INSTRUCTIONS YOU CAN READ THAT IN WIND WEATHER YOU MUST TAKE IT OFF , WHY I CAN WANT A COVER THAT MUST BE REMOVE IN WINDY WEATHER?VERY EXPENSIVE ALSO FOR THE HALF OF THE PRICE YOU CAN BUY ONE THAT REALLY WORKS.Intex Krystal Clear 18-Foot Solar Pool Cover
 i received the wrong item not once but twice and after waiting a month i still have not received my refund
 I just wanted to warn everyone about the Intex solar cover . I purchased one in July last year . I stored it in indoors in a dry location during the winter . When I used it this year the cover was intact , however after a couple of days of use , a major rip occurred -LRB- ~ 3 feet long -RRB- . Since then several other rips have occurred , making the cover useless -LRB- I am not throwing it away -RRB- . The rips did not occur on a seam but in at an edge moving toward the center . In addition , something has occurred where the air pockets -LRB- all those bubble wrap looking things -RRB- have disintegrated , and I now have hundreds of blue little dots from the cover clogging the pool filter.On the positive side , the cover really does heat the water quickly . I am just highly disappointed in the lack of quality and the deterioration within 1 year.I would not recommend purchasing an Intex solar cover .
 Received product in good time and in good condition . However , it was n't the quality I was looking for , nor was it like the picture on the box showed .
 It came apart after two years into pieces . I had little blue dots from the bubbles floating all through the pool . Fortunately , I have a great sand filter for my pool that was able to pull the debris from the pool .
 I bought this to cover my Intex 15 ft. pool . When it arrived , I noticed that there are several small holes on the surface of the cover . Otherwise the product seems to work okay , but for the price , this seems unacceptable .
 I thought that this would slip over the blow up ring and cover the entire pool . Instead it just sits on top of the water . Does not keep the leaves and debris out of the pool as I thought it would .
 I just pulled the product out of the box . I thought I was getting a CLEAR cover as the listing is titled Krystal Clear ... um , it 's blue ? Why is it blue ? I paid just under $ 40 , and since several reviews say it works I 'm keeping it so I dont have the hassle or repackaging it up for packaging . We live in the UP of Michigan , NE of Green Bay so the water 's 65F right now . We bought an INTEX grey Ultram frame 18x 54 pool . Three of us tried to get the pool cover on as it was filling to keep out the falling seedlings , but it was impossible . yesterday , I finally found a good use for the cover that came with the pool . It now lies over my husbands car to keep the dirt and sun off of it as it is in storage next to the pole barn , lol.Amazon , you should have the owner change the listing title . .
 I was not impressed when I opened the package . It looks like bubble wrap that I paid too much for I can only hope it will work . From the other reviews I am not hopeful . The container that it can be stored in looks more impressive than the `` solar cover . ''
 I purchased this item to heat pool for my granddaughter . When I opened it I was quite surprised to find out that it is just a large piece of blue bubble wrap . There is no way to secure to the pool to insure child safety at all .
 Cover is easy to put on and take off , but it only keeps the first 1 foot depth of water warmer . Under that it 's still freezing when the weather is cold . Maybe a thicker cover would do a better job .
 When I purchased this product I was looking for a replacement cover for my pool . I came across several options including solar `` blankets '' which I thought might be nice since we have such a short summer season where we are but I did n't want to buy a cover AND a solar blanket at this time . Then I saw the `` Solar Cover '' . I enlarged the photo and read the description but was still under the mistaken impression that this was a cover and not a blanket . It 's a blanket . Now I still need to buy the cover . I do n't know at this time how well the blanket works , if at all , because apparently our warm season is over already , but I feel like I was mislead by the name of this product and did n't receive what I thought I had ordered .
 The cover does not stay in place like it should and it keeps folding up . The only good thing about it is that it does help heat the water up .
 its like a large piece of heavy bubble wrap - no tie downs , no elastic ... and certainly only to be used in a area with NO wind ... we put it on the pool , -LRB- it is square - tucked edges under the pool ring around top to no avail -RRB- and within an hour the wind had whipped it off - so - huge waste of money ... not to mention hard to manage ... grrr
 I purchased this intex pool cover in mid april of this year , it is now august 20th and it has fallen apart . Went to pull it out of the pool and it has basically disintegrated , a big peice fell out of the cover while pulling it off , leaving a big mess of blue bubbles to clean up in our pool . The cover was $ 42 , expensive for the quality and durability of the product , would need 3 of them to cover your pool for a whole year , since they only last 4 months . Called amazon , they directed me to call intex , I waited on hold for 28 minutes just to be told that there is nothing that they will do.If I would have known it was so cheaply made I wouldnt have purchased it . Shame on intex ... I am very dissatisfied . If you are looking for a pool cover do n't buy this one because you will be shopping for another one within a few months . I would not have given this item even one star , but it would not let me post my review without making a selection .
 The product I received is not the product pictured . I 've had Intex solar covers in previous years and they are strong and durable . This is not an Intex solar cover . The product I received is very cheap very thin blue bubble wrap with an Intex sticker somewhere near the middle . Very disappointed and feeling ripped off ! Will never buy from this seller again !
 I just wanted to warn everyone about the Intex solar cover . I purchased one in July last year . I stored it in indoors in a dry location during the winter . When I used it this year the cover was intact , however after a couple of days of use , a major rip occurred -LRB- ~ 3 feet long -RRB- . Since then several other rips have occurred , making the cover useless -LRB- I am not throwing it away -RRB- . The rips did not occur on a seam but in at an edge moving toward the center . In addition , something has occurred where the air pockets -LRB- all those bubble wrap looking things -RRB- have disintegrated , and I now have hundreds of blue little dots from the cover clogging the pool filter.On the positive side , the cover really does heat the water quickly . I am just highly disappointed in the lack of quality and the deterioration within 1 year.I would not recommend purchasing an Intex solar cover .
 So , I bought this solar pool cover for my 18 ' x 42 ' pool , thinking that it would have a dual purpose of a cover and a solar heating blanket . I was wrong . This solar cover only measures 17 ' 5 '' across , so it WILL NOT hang over the edge of your pool to prevent debris -LRB- leaves , dirt , etc -RRB- from sneaking into your pool . It might be perfect for your 15 ' pools , but not so much for 18 footers.Sure , it will catch most of it on top , but that leaves you with the daunting task of removing the cover without letting all of that debris from falling in . My most effective method is to roll it up from one end , remove it from the pool , then hang it over my old laundry line to spray it off . It works , but this was n't quite what I had in mind when I bought it.It really is just heavy duty bubble wrap . For $ 40 , it 's worth it.Since it wo n't hang over the edge of an 18 ' pool , it just floats around . It does serve its purpose of slightly heating up my pool water , and has ultimately extended my pool season for a few weeks -LRB- both at the beginning and end of the season -RRB- . However , I 'm still going to have to purchase a winter cover too.Overall , it 's worth the purchase , but just for the sole purpose of a solar heating blanket . It 's not very effective at all as a pool cover .
 I bought this last year - used it for 3 months in summer , stored in dry place for winter . It does do a nice job keeping the poole warm . However , this year the cover is disintegrating fast and we also are having the hundred little plastic blue disks clogging our pool . I would n't expect it to last forever , but 5 months seems a little unreasonable . Cheaply made .
 THIS IS NOT A COVER ! It is a blanket . I have a 15 ' metal frame Intex pool . This blanket is not big enough to go over the sides , it just sits on top of the water . It is literally nothing but a big piece of blue bubble wrap ! It will be useless when we close the pool for the winter . On top of that the instructions say this `` solar '' blanket should not be used in direct sunlight !?!? Seroiusly ?!?! Apparently the air pockets will pop if they are in the sun !
 We have a 12 ' metal frame Intex pool . We bought the 15 ' cover because there were no 12 ' on the market at the time . I did feel that the solar cover raised the temperature of our pool -- the top 4-or-so inches , and it reduced heat loss to a degree -- we live in the Northeast where the summer nights in late August can get cool while the days are still hot . These little pools tend to lose their heat quickly overnight , and the cover seemed to help hold some heat in . Unfortunately , the cover developed holes in the middle and the cover now sinks -- trying to pull the cover off when it is half-submerged in water is difficult , causes more ripping , and has rendered the cover pretty useless . We now put our beach balls and swim floaters in the water when we close up the pool and then place the cover over those -- it prevents the solar cover from sinking , and it helps keep some leaves/debris out , but the `` solar '' warming feature is negated because the cover is off the surface . I would recommend this product at this cost only if it survived at least two seasons , considering the amount we would use it . But , for only 2/3 of a season , I do n't think it 's worth the expense for the little bit of warm water you get in the end . Overall , a disappointing and frustrating purchase .
 It 's been over a month since I placed the order , and I have n't received this rotisserie , nor have I received any information whatsoever . A number of months ago , I purchased a large patio gas grill through Amazon , but it did n't include a rotisserie . When I tried to order the rotisserie that goes with this grill , I was informed that the rotisserie for the grill I had purchased was/is not presently available -LRB- indeed , I found it unavailable anywhere I searched including the manufacturer -RRB- . I then went on a search for a roisserie that could work with my grill . It turned out to be no easy task because of my grill demensions.I anticipated having this rotisserie for a Mother 's Day cookout . That went by the boards , and now with the Memorial Day weekend here , I do n't have the product.This is n't ending here . I 'm angry . I 'm disappointed . I do n't intend to follow through with this purchase because of the terms for which I bargained , and the advertised buyer 's expectancy that was not met , and the fact that I was not apprised of anything after weeks of waiting .
 This wheelbarrow arrived in my front door in a toilet paper box ! And the side of the wheelbarrow was sticking out of the box since the box was too small for it ! I bought this wheelbarrow as a gift for my son 's 5th birthday . How am I going to present it as a gift in this kind of packaging ? Mind you , I bought this item new , not used . Should n't it at least have its original packaging ??? All I can say is that I am very disappointed ...
 As a regular thermometer it was decent but when used as a rectal it did n't fit properly . I suggest buying a smaller one .
 The idea of this thermometer is great . However , it is not durable . The students in my lower-elementary classroom broke it within a few days . Specifically , the glass tube detached from the plastic case .
 Do not buy this thermometer . It is cheaply made of hard plastic . The mercury came separated . I kept it for a few days , turning it often hoping that the mercury would rejoin-no avail . Take your money elsewhere .
 I bought the weather station . When I opened the package the plastic casing was all scratched up .
 This picture of this set looked and the write-up sounded appealing . When I received it , I felt like I 'd purchased something from a `` Ronco Infomercial '' . The thin cardboard around the bbq case says $ 65.00 value for only $ 30.00 . Personally , my paying $ 30.00 was a mistake . Product is just a tad bit cheesy . Do n't think it would last a long time . I was planning on giving it as a gift to someone , but have returned it instead . Oh well ... we shoot & miss sometimes ! : -RRB-
 the tools are made with cheap wood measuring in a total length of 8 inches including the flipper . Speaking of the flipper you should order 2 sets of these tools cause you will need to use two flippers to flip a quarter lb burger . If you REALLY like sliders this set will work cause thats about all you can flip . Have n't even mentioned the corn holders which are duller than a plastic spoon and skewers that bend when you put a strawberry on it . item returned same day it was delivered .
 The flow pattern is only good for one thing ... putting out a fire . It is not much good for watering trees and such . It is a hefty piece of brass if your into collecting paper-weights . Very dissapointed with Gilmor 's thinkology on this one . Get Craftsman 's version of ` The Ultimate Hose Nozzle ' and you 'll see what I mean . Much more versatile flow patterns .
 I was trying to rid my compost of a fruit fly type insect . If i sprayed this directly on them , they seemed to die , but as an over-all area treatment , it just was n't strong enough .
 This spray did not work ! I purchased it to kill the `` fruit flies '' that keep coming out of my decorative tree in my living room . Ive been using it consistently for at least 4 weeks and they are still there . Useless ! Want my $ back !
 The spray did nothing and I tried on many place 's , in doors outdoor 's must have been nothing but water.I would not buy this again .
 I thought that this spray was supposed to be bio-friendly , it turned out to be just as poisonous as black flag . The sprayer does n't even have a `` stream '' setting for shooting at wasps . All in all , I 'm very disapointed .
 I purchased this stand alone expandable fence for privacy issues . Just needed something to block headlights at night from coming into a second floor apt . I so far like it . I also so hung a table cloth across it to secure privacy and I am happy . my issues is with the screws . The area is to small for fingers to get into the tighten bolts . if they can figure out a way I would give it a 10 rating .
 made poorly , not stable - would not recommend to anyone . Good if you are trying to keep a ghost out .
 I bought 2 for my dogs and broke on the second day ... Waste of money ! does n't even deserve 1 star
 I returned the product . It was too flimsy . There was no good way to attach it to a wall or support .
 The gate could n't be more poorly constructed . It does n't stay opened and slowly creeps closed . The wood feels like it is made from balsa wood . The gate I received also had mold all over one side as if it had been packaged while wet . The shipping was also ridiculously late . After contacting the company by email and phone I have yet to hear back . Disappointing . ** The company contacted me a couple months after this review . They were willing to refund 50 % of the purchase price if I removed my review from Amazon . Apparently they realize that their company is lacking and are trying to buy off any unfavorable reviews .
 After reading the reviews on this item , it seemed it may be what we needed . I have a six year old lab that just needs a ` reminder ' not to go into the living room at night to sleep on the couch . The reviews on this said it was n't sturdy enough to keep a dog from pushing it over but it seemed it would work for what we needed it for.Turns out , just opening and closing the gate is too much activity for this item . It had broken pieces on day two . It wo n't even stay open all the way now by itself , I have to prop a laundry basket beside it . We do n't have toddlers and the dog does not lean on it , just opening it and closing it once a day was too much . I rarely ever leave feedback on items but this is a must . Do n't waste your time or money .
 Right size and height for what I needed but very cheap construction . Would of paid more for better quality . Would be concern to use to protect baby from stairs .
 Not purchased on Amazon but from another seller but is still the same item . Has the weight and quality of balsa wood and it was easily knocked over by a little garden lizard that hopped onto it . Do not recommend to use it around pets or especially babies because the balsa wood accordion slats are only stapled together with loose flimsy staples and all the wood is splintery , and little pets can get through under the gate when fully extended , if they do n't knock it over first . Unless anchored with blocks or sandbags , there is little use for this fence as it falls down easily . Assembly of base feet to fence slats has a narrow opening and difficult to fit your fingers or tools to get a secure grip on the hardware fittings . Good idea but extremely shoddy construction and almost broke during assembly . Very wobbly and bowed out - does n't extend out in a straight line . Our pets do n't respect it even as a visual barrier because it easily falls over in an afternoon breeze .
 This fence is flimsy as paper . It began to fall apart days after we purchased it . It fell apart by just expanding it open not by anyone or anything falling or pushing against it . We have tried to fix it but it just comes apart again .
 Sorry to say we did not have this gate 3 months and all the little nails sarted coming out . I did put it back together -LRB- 30 minutes -RRB- , but only because my daughter liked the versitility of it .
 I was very disappointed with this gate . It is very flimsy . I bought it to keep the dogs from getting into another part of the house . IF they were to jump on the fence , it would break into a million pieces . I would NOT suggest buying this gate .
 I purchased two gates for to use as baby barriers . The quality is beyond incredibly bad . Rough cut trash wood full of splinters . A total waste of money .
 Do n't expect too much . The fence is very flimsy . If your expecting to use it for your children I do not recommend it . Extremely light weight . Easy to break , push over , and move . I can not expand it to its extent with out it retracting by itself . Dosent really offer much ` protection ' at all . I guess you get what you pay for .
 This gate is not worth using . It is not strong enough to stay in place under most conditions . Also , the points on top and bottom are sharp and dangerous .
 I do n't like the fact that we ordered a belt but was the wrong model # and they refused to refund my money or do an exchange for something not used and brand new and saleable .
 A good pump with good output , and easy to clean basket . However , this pump is very noisy . I can hear it running from inside my house and from the street , hundreds of feet from the pump . My neighbors are starting to complain , not good !
 Product is not secure in it 's packaging . All the stress is on the mounting foot holding the motor off the mounting foot adapter . When the item is mishandled , you break off the mounting foot adapter.Tried two different times to get this pump . Both times the pump arrived damaged . Was told by Amazon that since the third one would have the same problem , they refunded my money.Gave up and bought one on Ebay . Came the next day without any damage and now runs like a charm . Amazon should find out what is wrong with their shipping department . It sure is n't the shipping company since the one from Ebay came the same way .
 When we built our inground pool in 1996 it was installed with a Jacuzzi pump . This pump did a great job but finally quit working in 2007 . I ordered a Hayward pump as I could not get the Jacuzzi pumps any more . We installed a Hayward Superpump 11/2 HP #SP 2510X15 . It has just been over 3 years and we are now having problems with the pump . Sadly , I 'm dissappointed that this pump only lasted 3 years . Called the manufacturer and they did not seem to care about their products . I believe we will be looking for a different manufacturer for our next pump .
 This pump was in service about 2 years . It locked up . I disassembled it and found that clorinated water had destroyed the motor . Upon inspection of the sealing design , I noticed several engineering faupaux . Somthing as simple as an exit to the outside world of any fluid would 've prevented this , but the only exit is through the motor . Sad
 My first Hayward SP2607X10 1hp Super Pump lasted 10 years , my second pump lasted 8 years , my third pump just failed and lasted 4 years and I am in the process of selecting a fourth pump . Each failure has been the motor but I replaced the complete pump assembly . Can anyone recommend a more reliable , longer lasting pump motor ? Has the current motor been improved from the previous model or is it the same ?
 I installed my inground pool about 3 years ago . The pool people recommended the pump and filter combo that was installed.The pump worked as advertized for less than three seasons and then ; this very loud bearing noise emmitted from the pump housing . I thought I would get out the manual and read it , for an item of this cost should last more than 3 years . Well to my suppise in the very back came a recommendation from Hayward ; the pump seal be replace every three years.The only reason that I purchased another Hayward product was the model number -LRB- improvements !!!! -RRB- changed and I thought that ; I would take the easy path because all the plumbing that connected to my pool would be useable and I would not have to go crazy fitting new pipeing for a new kind of pump.This time reading the manual up front instead of waiting for the thing to fail , I found that even though it has a different model number from the original , it was the same written instruction as the old pump -LRB- it was the exactly the same manual -RRB- . With a recommenation of changeing the seal every three years.This is the main reason I could not recommend this pump to any pool owner , having to change a component this costly every three years is , well , you fill in the expletive . Besides it did not even last the three years .
 Could n't wait for the new pump to come . My old pump just was n't doing the job . The breaker kept tripping every time we started the new pump . Called Hayward , just in case we did n't set it up right , and they said to send it back ... it was faulty . So , we sent it back . Very Disappointed !!!!!
 has taken three days and the item is still not in a box to be shipped
 I bought this pump new for a swimming pool . The problem is that the housing cracked on me after the pump was dropped by accident from around 18 '' above ground . The crack was all over the bottom section of the housing . I did n't notice the cracks until I tried running the pump . It would not suck water out of the pool and notice the leak underneath it . Took the pump out , located the cracks and glued it . Tried agin , this time it developed suction , but still leaked water from underneath.Now , I am trying to find a housing for this pump to replace the one that came with it . I will contact Hayward and see if they sell parts for it.Another thing was not clear during the electrical connection is how to use the jumper between the 110V or 220V . I am sad to say , that my pump purchase turned out to be a disaster and I am still without a functioning pump .
 I bought and installed this pump two years ago after our other pump failed . It ran quiet and performed flawlessly until now . I guess with the hot summer we have had the bearings have failed as it is making a lot of noise . Since this pump only lasted two years I can only give it a -LRB- 2 -RRB- star rating . We are replacing it with a Intelliflow pump for energy efficiency and it has protection circuits to protect against over heating or loss of prime .
 After installing the pump it burned up when I turned on the power . I returned it for a credit . Amazon paid for the return UPS .
 Just installed this SP2610X15 pump . Professionally installed . Bearings are grinding , right out of the box , with a very high noise factor and pulsating bearing whine . Will be contacting Amazon to see if I can return .
 We just got our current pump in 2010 and when we opened our pool this week and turned it on the inverter was locked up and the motor overheated . It might be a good pump when it is running but you need to plan or replacing it every two years .
 The first one died after roughly two years . The second one died just now -LRB- 18 months -RRB- . This exact model cost me $ 314 in June of 2010 . The first one , the pump impeller shattered which jammed , which burned out the electric motor . Not sure what the problem is with this one . It 's been off since last summer and when I turned it on I was treated to a 220 volt fireworks display . Its not reliable and its not safe . The first one was purchased locally . The second one was purchased from Amazon .
 I got this a few years ago . It seems to reduce the number of mosquitos . Problem is that I 've had to take it apart several times to get it working again . OK one time a gekko died in the fan so that was an easy fix . But it has problems constantly and I think has died after 2 seasons -LRB- it wont stay lit -RRB- . Maybe try another model or manufacturer .
 There 's a defect in the cord that causes it to short out and there 's no way to fix it . It 's held in by plastic and is very fragile . If you pull on the cord at all , it will loosen up and then the fan wo n't stay running . They work ok otherwise but not as good as other mosquito traps -LRB- i.e. Mosquito Magnet -RRB- and if it breaks , and it will , you ca n't get replacement parts because they have no customer service . If you get a hold of them , they 're rude and not helpful at all and once you 've bought their product they could careless about you . As far as function goes , it does n't really do that well on it 's own . It 'll catch a few mosquitos here and there . The problem is the octenol cartridge this uses does n't seem to work . I bought an octenol cartridge for a machine from another manufacturer and modified it to work with this one and it works better . Definately not worth the hassle or the money . Look for another machine that uses propane and octenol . They 're out there for less than this one and you 'll be much happier .
 They work ok but not as good as other mosquito traps -LRB- i.e. Mosquito Magnet -RRB- and if it breaks , and it will , you ca n't get replacement parts because they have no customer service . If you get a hold of them , they 're rude and not helpful at all and once you 've bought their product they could careless about you . As far as function goes , it does n't really do that well on it 's own . It 'll catch a few mosquitos here and there . The problem is the octenol cartridge this uses does n't seem to work . I bought an octenol cartridge for a machine from another manufacturer and modified it to work with this one and it works better . Definately not worth the hassle or the money . Look for another machine that uses propane and octenol . They 're out there for less than this one and you 'll be much happier .
 Unfortunately , we did not notice any reduction in mosquitoes from the use of this device . There were a few in the catch basin , but not many . We were still covered in mosquitoes when we went outdoors . I feel like we through our money out the window with this purchase .
 I have owned a Bernzomatic for two years . I was happy with it until it started failing to stay lit . That 's when I found out that Bernzomatic does not sell parts , nor do they offer refferals for service . I live near a large city but ca n't find anyone to service it and it 's only one year out of warranty . I 'm going to have to trash it and buy a different brand after only two years.Consider your purhase of a Bernozomatic heater to be much like that of buying a very expensive Bic lighter .
 I have never had a worse performance out of any product I have purchased . I was able to light this heater twice in four months . The mfg. offered no help and we were unable to find anyone to repair the unit and we live in the 4th largest city in America ! Do not buy this heater !
 My heater has never worked properly , and now I ca n't get it to light at all . I 've looked everywhere for assistance , but looks like this purchase was a big waste of money
 I must agree with most of the posts regarding the lousy Bernzomatic Patio Heater . When the unit worked , it was great . It put out a lot of heat , was convenient to move around and store , and started easily . Unfortunately , it only worked 3 or 4 -LRB- really and truly !! -RRB- times before it died . The pilot light would light , but when I tried to power up to full power , the pilot promptly went out . After trying every which way to make it work -LRB- after all , it was hardly ever used ! -RRB- , I determined that it was probably the thermocouple . I contacted Bernzomatic for replacement parts and/or help with whatever the problem might be . They responded by email -LRB- no phone contact given ! -RRB- with the same basic directions as in the manual and a statement at the end that they wo n't sell replacement parts due to liability concerns . So , what they are saying , basically , is that while we sold you piece of junk , you are screwed because we are not going to help you fix it ! Absolutely the worst customer service from a company that I have ever experienced.On the flip side , after TWO YEARS , I was in the Home Depot where I had bought the unit , and mentioned the Bernzomatic issue to the clerk . He said it would be worth trying to bring it back and explain the situation to the manager . I did so , the manager was very cooperative , and she gave me 1/2 credit -LRB- after all , it was a few years old by now -RRB- and I walked away satisfied . Plus , I did n't have to take it to the dump , where it belongs . Home Depot -- YES ; Bernzomatic -- NO !!!
 I bought this heater thinking it would produce great heat for use in my outdoor gazebo . I couldnt use one of the traditional tall standing heaters due to their height . I used it twice and the first time really was n't a joy since you could smell the paint burning off the middle cylinder for about an hour or so . The second use took me forever to light ... but finally success . I went to use it for my daughters party -LRB- for its third use -RRB- an couldnt get it lit . I have spent 3 + hours messing with it , but no luck . The pilot lights with no issue ; however , the heater wont light . As soon as I turn the knob to turn it to `` on '' , everything goes out . DO NOT BUY !!!
 This would not awaken you if you slept with it taped to your ear . good for a night lite only .
 When my power goes out in a rain storm , my sump pump stops and -LRB- depending on storm -RRB- my basement can start flooding within 20 minutes . I need an alarm that will wake me IMMEDIATELY so I can stop the flood . This one makes a tiny toy-like little chirping sound which might EVENTUALLY annoy me awake , probably wondering where that is coming from ... . chirp chirp ... is that my watch ? . . oh do n't wear one ... drift back to sleep . . chirp , chirp ... what is that ? ... . is the battery dying in something ? ... roll over ... snore ... . chirp , chirp ... As some others have written ... you ` hope ' this will work . It 's very very important that if I am going to rely on an alarm to wake me upon a power failure , it needs to be an ALARM . I would not at all feel confident that this would awaken me , so I would just stay up all night , which I was doing during Sandy in case I lost power and when I ordered this thing.I 'm , thinking of testing it out with my wife , a much lighter sleeper . But seriously I think I will have to plug it into an extension cord and lay it next to her pillow ... yes it 's that faint.The light seems good and bright , but alas I think I would only be using it to guide me through the flood waters in my basement.Update
 I moved fron the apartment into a used RV -LRB- 1999 Hitchiker Premiere -RRB- in August 2012 . The RV has a 30 amp Circuit box and we are frequently losing power like every time the heat pump and water heater are on at the same time . I bought this at another site and everything works -LRB- well sort of -RRB- . The light works fine but the power off alarm is so weak it is pointless . First the alarm sounds much like a Cricket , and the volume of the alarm would never wake me in my sleep . It may wake a light sleeper but would never wake a sound sleeper even If the loss of power alarm was plugged in an outlet in the bedroom.The developers need to increase the decibel level or change the crickets sound for a real alarm clock sound or better a siren ,
 I hope my subconscious wakes me up from a sleep if my power goes out . It might be better than nothing -LRB- I hope -RRB- .
 I 'll be honest , for the money , this is n't bad . However , if you are any distance from the alarm when it sounds , you might not hear it . If it 's in your garage or in a closed room , I highly doubt you would be able to hear it . If your alarm clock was this loud , you would be late for work on a daily basis !! So , if you need a nightlight-style of device to light your way in the event of a power outage , it might work in a pinch . But if you need you rely on it to alert you to a critical loss of power for a freezer , water pump , etc. , I 'd look elsewhere .
 It looked like a nice product when we got it ; the alarm is a nice level -LRB- loud enough to wake you up , but not so loud as to wake the whole house -RRB- , and the light is a nice touch . But after about three weeks it just died . I unplugged it for my weekly check , and the light came on , but no alarm . Tested the different switch settings -LRB- Off/Light/Alarm -RRB- and none worked as expected . After a few minutes it died altogether .
 The device we ordered and paid for quit working after a few days . I have emailed the address given on the invoice about replacement and have received NO RESPONSE from the company.The device is supposed to beep and flash when current is off in the house ... no current has been off since Oct 20 , 2009 when it was purchased ... but it beeps and flashes constantly when plugged up.I really do n't like it when an email for support is given and no one will answer . I asked that it be replaced or for someone to at least contact me , but nothing has been done.Thank you .
 The light flashes and works well when the power goes off . But the company 's claim that it gives off 86 decibals of sound is just a flat out lie . It probably is something more like 20 decibals , a sound like a softer version of an electric alarm clock ring . This worries me that I can sleep through a power outage with my cpap mask on .
 This item is greatly underpowered . I would buy something that would wake me next time .
 I planned to use this alarm on my basement circuit for my freezer . The light is bright but the alarm is so queit that I could never hear it upstairs . I put it in my bedroom but I do n't even know if it will wake me in the event of a power outage . Looks like I bought an expensive flashlight .
 So disappointing . Mostly because I have to go to the trouble to repackage and return this defective device to a warranty dept. that will either `` repair or replace '' the same item . Great . I do n't have much faith . I should have read more closely . I NEVER purchase unless total refund is an option . In addition , I am stuck with the money to ship the thing for repair or replacement . My bad . This will not happen again . Recommendation ; DO NOT BUY
 I ordered three of these units after reading the reviews and understanding that the alarm is not very loud.One of the units was to replace a similar device which did not include an alarm and the other twounits were additional units for additional locations . I plugged all three units into live AC receptacles andlet them charge for a week . The dim green ` power on ' indicator was lighted on all three units . Today , I decided is was time to see if they worked.Only ONE OF THE THREE units alarmed and provided light from the three LEDs . The OTHER TWO units did not work at all!I purchased them from one of the sellers here on amazon.com . Today , I called the seller and they promised to ship out two replacement units.They do not require that I send the defective units back . I like the fact that the AC Power prongs do not fold . I have had problems withfolding prongs arcing and burning the metal which they contact on the mating Printed Circuit Board .
 I have very good & sensative hearing . I bought 2 of these . However , I had this next to my bed & did not hear it alarm . In my opinion it is to quiet . Its great feature of the light is a plus . However , hard of hearing or deep sleepers would not hear this alarming . Items were returned .
 Bought it locally , charged it about 12 hrs pulled it out to hear it . Not loud enough to wake me 8 feet away.I plugged it back in until next morning to show my wife . Light would not come I switched to the light only position no light , chirping did not stop , switched it to off did not shut off wiggled the switch back-n-forth no light continued chirping plugged back in to stop it.bottom line , piece of junk ... `` made in china '' what did I expect ??!! my advice keep looking !!!
 This alarm sound was too low in volume to be effective . A big disappointment . A louder sound is needed to wake one up .
 I bought this hoping it would warn us of a power failure on the circuit to our chest freezer . The light is cute , but the so-called alarm buzzer of 85 dB is a joke . it may be 85 dB if you place it right next to your ear , but from a distance of 20 feet , it is barely audible . to make matters worse , our unit broke in less than 3 weeks . I would not recommend this to anyone ; I wish the star ratings allowed an entry of zero stars
 Box say 86db , I ca n't believe it is more than 8.6 db . This is junk and I feel as if I was ripped off .
 The alarm is not much louder than a wrist watch . -LRB- or a VERY soft alarm clock -RRB- If you need this to wake you ... you better be a very light sleeper.Packaging says it is 86 dB loud . I found a hearing site online that says prolonged exposure to 85 dB would casue hearing damage ... and a lawn mower is 90 dB . I seriously , seriously doubt this product is anywhere near 86dBThe light portion of this item is good !
 This `` alarm '' is too quiet . It would n't wake up a mouse . It measures 56db @ 12 '' from the device.For comparison , the fan on the freezer I wanted to protect is 54db . It needs to be at least as loud as a cell phone.Useless for me .
 I do n't feel that the device performs as advertised . The alarm was said to emit an alarm sound of 86 DB , if I recall correctly . The alarm sound could barely be heard across the room and information I read concerning sound levels said that a sound level of 86 DB would damage your hearing if exposed for a long period . I wanted to use the alarm to alert me If I lost power to my freezer in the garage and this unit certainly would not do that . I returned the unit .
 This Product does work ... The light , lights up , it 's brite ... 78 db is not very audible ... You can not hardly hear it across the room , let alone if you were sleeping
 I liked the price , the shipping was fair and the design is outstanding . Problem is that it 's not loud enough . My watch alarm is louder . Ca n't see it waking me up . Quite disappointed overall .
 The Reliance power alarm -LRB- thp 207 -RRB- does NOT work as advertised . The alarm is barely audible . Clearly it is not 86db . The first one did not sound at all . Would not recommend purchase .
 Found the audio alarm on the failure alarm far too quiet to wake me from sleep -LRB- and I am a light sleeper -RRB- . The reason for the failure alarm was to wake me at night to ensure our friends generator kicks in for his sump pump . I kept the alarm hoping it wakes the dog and the dog will awake me . I would pass on this item and get one that has louder alarm which I am looking for now .
 I was disappointed with this product . It was advertised as having an alarm of 84 dB . It is more like 48 dB . I wanted to use this to alert me if the power to my sump pump went out . I can not really hear the alarm . So now I just listen to hear if the pump is running - just like before .
 Great idea -- lousy execution . The alarm is about as loud as a cheap travel alarm clock . Ca n't hear it in the next room even . Does it do what it advertises ? Yes , EXCEPT it is not loud enough to be useful .
 I PURCHASED THIS BECAUSE OF THE ALARM FEATURE . WELL WHAT THIS IS IS A POOR 3 LED RECHARGEABLE FLASH LIGHT WITH AN ALARM THAT IS NOT AS LOUD AS MY ALARM WRIST WATCH . BAD PRODUCT . AMAZON SHOULD RMOVE THIS FROM THEIR INVENTORY .
 I was disapointed with this alarm . The audible states 72db , no way this is that loud . The Light works as stated , overall , I 'm not happy with this product . I will be returning it and looking for something louder .
 The beeper volume sounds like an old digital watch
 The idea for the THP207 is great and is needed but the siren output is not loud enought to awake most sleepingpeople . Had I known , I would have invested a little more money into a model that provides a louder output.The unit would be more useful if the output frequency of the siren is lower.thanks , John Embrey
 Nice idea just much to quiet . LED is plenty bright but sound volume just is n't adequate . I read the reviews but had hoped that my experience would be different .
 Do n't buy this item . It is advertised as 86db alarm , but you can hardly hear it . I fill like I got totally ripped off for $ 20 . Learn from my mistake . I would give it 0 stars if that was possible . This alarm is not enough to wake up even the lightest sleeper .
 If it were on a pillow next to you it might wake a person . A very light sleeper might be awakened by the light in a normal dark room . Product was discarded as intructed .
 I wanted a device which would awaken me when the 115Vac would be OFF for whatever reason . Well this device does not quite do it . The buzzer which does come on in an ON-OFF fashion runs at a frequency which only young people or dogs can hear.If you are older then you may only hear it when it is about 10 &#34; away from you.The device is extremy well made and performs as advertised . However , if you want to be certain you are awakend by this device be sure you hear audio within the 1,500-3000 frequency range .
 I purchased this power failure alarm to wake us up in an event that the electric would go out . We run a fish farm and if the pumps are not running then we loose fish which has happened in the past . The item works but the alarm is not very loud . This is the only complaint and not sure it will help us . We have it plugged into our bedroom outlet . The light works fine .
 Lights work great . The audible alarm was underwhelming . This would work well as power out alarm , if it was right by your head . The light works well .
 This item works as described but is not nearly as loud as the advertised 86db . It is not much louder than an alarm wristwatch . My alarm clock is much louder . I was awake one night when we lost power and this alarm did n't wake my wife who was sleeping about 20 feet away . And she 's a light sleeper ! If you want a real alarm try another brand . This may wake you if it 's right next to your pillow .
 Alarm is very low in volume . Will not be able to hear alarm if I lose power .
 Thought this was my solution to knowing when the freezer lost power . I plugged it in on a Sunday , by Wednesday wee hours of the morning it was going off ! I went down to check it and found no power issue ... but that did n't stop it from sounding ... just kept going and going ! Complete failure !! It flat out does not work like promised ! I 'm very disgusted with this product !! I hope my review will save someone else from making the same mistake I did in buying this product !
 I purchased this for a neighbor who must keep his sump pumps powered during a rain or he is flooded . A power failure the other night caused a flooded basement . The claim for this product was that the alarm was 78db -LRB- I presuem dbspl -RRB- . When I received it , saying that it was 20dbspl would be an overstatement . Thinking I got a bad one , I replaced it and this one claimed it was 86db . It was no louder than the first . These have no possibility of waking somebody notifying them that they need to start their generator to poewr the sump pumps . This product is a joke .
 I ran out of InstaTest 3 test strips and purchased the Aqua Chek 3 locally -LRB- not through Amazon -RRB- . The colors on the strips do not match the scale on the bottle . Once this bottle is depleted , I am going back to InstaTest 3 strips .
 I purchased three of these timers in 2008 . They were easy to program and worked well during the first season in my drip system . In the second season they started failing one by one and are now useless . The problem is incomplete opening . I 've taken them apart and cleaned them , but it does n't help . The tech I spoke to at the company was friendly and said that they would replace all of the timers .
 Used in a drip-watering application , the valve opening is evidently too small to permit enough flow to sustain the 15-psi minimum required for the drippers
 I bought two of these , hooked it up and left last summer . When I got home three months later , my plants were dead and my trees were dying . Apparently , I did n't tighten the hose up to the device well and water leaked inside the battery case and killed it . That was the one in the shade . The one out in the sun melted in our 120 degree desert heat . Funny , these timers are for watering outside and they did n't hold up to the elements of water and sun .
 I installed 5 timers in May-June 2010 . In the March 2011 , 3 of them stopped working . The landscaper warned me that the battery operated timers have a reliability issue and it should only be a temporary option . I am shopping now for a different brand of battery operated timers since I want to avoid electric wires running in my back yard .
 Works well and is easy to program . But it is VERY EXPENSIVE when compared to similar timers -- which I did n't do until after purchase.Addendum
 After reading several news stories about the bristles from traditional wire brushes causing emergency room visits , we decided to try this design.The Good + There are no wire bristles to end up lodged in your intestines necessitating a trip to the emergency room.The Bad + The scrubbing pad is covered by the attachment mechanism . You lose most of the center of the pad , leaving only the outer edge to actually clean your grill . + The scrubbing pad does not work very well . The grill stayed dirty after repeated scrubbing . The top service of the grate was clean-ish , but the sides could not be reached by the pad.ConclusionWe went back to a traditional wire brush . We scrub with that , then use long tongs to wipe the grate down with a damp paper towel . It adds an extra step , but it takes less time than a trip to the emergency room .
 The instructions state that you should let the unit warm up for at least two minutes . Then , once it 's hot , you are to slowly squeeze the insecticide pump trigger once every three or four seconds.The first several bursts of fog work pretty good but after that the fogger starts squirting out steaming liquid insecticide instead of fog . I find that I have to reduce the trigger squeezing rate to one slow squeeze every 15 seconds in order to maintain satisfactory fog quality.The slow rate of fog production is a problem for me as I have a large yard and the rate of fog production , being less than what the manual claims should be happening , is not satisfactory . For a small yard this unit might put out enough fog.I 've tried two brand-new propane cylinders and have fiddled with the flame adjustment knob to no avail . I think if the unit had a slightly bigger burner or a larger propane orifice it would work much better .
 Our property borders wetlands and we 're constantly having issues with mosquitos . In addition to the two Mosquito Magnets , Mosquito Dunks , and Cutter Yard , I also spray a few times a year with a fogger.This fogger is great ... until it breaks ... and it will break . In my opinion , there is a huge quality control issue with this fogger . I 've owned two and both of them work great for the first few uses and then quickly go downhill . I do n't know if there 's something in the design that clogs up or what , but there is something seriously wrong if I 've owned two and both of them have stopped working . Now all either of them do is squirt hot streams of bug chemicals against the bushes , burning the leaves and leaving a tiny bit of fog . Not what I 'd expect for something that costs this much . Trust me ... do n't buy this thing . It is a serious waste of money.I 'm actually back on Amazon now trying to find a third replacement fogger . I made the mistake of buying this again the second time thinking that I just got a defective one the first time . Rest assured , I 'll never buy another one of these things again .
 With the first use we thought this would be a great solution for our bug issue . The 2nd time we went to use it , it would not ignite . Sound of propane gas flowing but the push button igniter would not fire it up . No way to take apart that I could see in case the sparker needed to be unclogged , so we think it is junk and some body owes us $ 70
 I bought the older style unit last year and was disappointed with it . The ad says that if you fog an area , it is cleared immediately of mosquitoes . That is a lie , in fact , mosquitoes flew threw the fog without any apparent disability , straight to their intended meal , which was the blood right under my soft pink skin . Always inflicting a nasty little welt that itched for hours and sometimes inflicting a serious wound that bled for days . Also , the coil quickly filled with carbon and the entire fogger quit working entirely within a couple weeks . I got a new coil , but installing it was complicated and I could n't do it without getting poison everywhere and when I was done it did n't work.This year , the model looks different and the Black Flag poison that you use is supposedly improved as well , and given all the previous bad reviews I thought that perhaps this company felt bad and may have finally decided to offer a product that actually works , after all , I know it is possible because my nearby city has one that works , so I coughed up anther 70 bucks and ordered the newer , supposedly better model . It fogged really good at first and I was really encouraged , so I liberally fogged my entire premises only to find that the results were not so good . I really could n't tell if it did any good at all as I was still relentlessly attacked by little demon bloodsucking pests carrying who knows what kind of nasty disease , but wanting to enjoy being out of doors I stayed outside hoping for the best , only to come away with nasty welts and sores all over my arms . Then , adding insult to injury , this one 's coil filled up with carbon and quit working even faster than the first one.Don ' t waste your money .
 I have owned 4 of these foggers over the last few years . The first one worked great and lasted 3 years of near daily use . The second stopped functioning in 3 months . The third was dead in the box , bad ignitor . The 4th just quit today after less than 6 months use . Burner will not stay lit even with full propane bottle and a second changed out just to be sure . It lights and works for about 2 minutes . Then the fluid just pours out nozzel . Like most good products , the maker develops a good product , builds a rep for it , then starts to cheap it out riding out the rep until everyone knows it is junk . Where is the pride ? Long gone in the USA . Do not buy this fogger , it is not what it used to be .
 THIS THING IS DANGEROUS !! Now I do n't consider myself a master of outdoor equipment , but I like to know that I can read . After following the instructions `` verbatim '' I read a little note that said that after heating up you might see flames start coming through the meshing , if this happens shut off propane with the valve on the unit . You 're thinking what are the odds of that happening ?? Well it 's not astronomical , because guess what , it happened . Although it did n't happened during the preheat , it happened while I was using the unit . So , after putting down and waiting -LRB- the book says it will stop when the excess insecticide is burnt out -RRB- I started to see black smoke -LRB- aka plastic burning -RRB- I quickly disengaged the propane tank . I went and got my neighbor -LRB- because I did n't have a fire extinguisher or water hose -RRB- by then it was engulfed in flames and doused that thing . I know this may not be the norm but that is a serious safety issue that needs to be addressed . Buyer take care when using !!
 Bought this product from Home Depot and it appeared to be working beautifully . But after refilling with BF insecticide , entire system broke down ; plenty of heat-just ever diminishing fog until finally , no fog . As if plugged . Additionally , unit began leaking pesticide from bottom and became `` glued shut '' - no ability to unscrew cap . This is no-good junk ; maybe worth $ 10 since it becomes one-time use like the spray cans .
 Used it once , it plugged up . Somehow unplugged itself , started working again . Lasted thru the next use , then stopped working again . Just shoots air out the nozzle , no bug killer juice . What 's wrong with it ? Who the heck knows ; it 's a piece of junk , in my opinion . When I did get it to spray , it had no discernable effect on the winged devil population at all . The amount of permethrin in the bug juice is so minor , I think the only way you could kill anything is by steaming it to death . Do n't waste your cash ; get a fly swatter , it 'll be more effective .
 The fogger works very well if you can keep it lit . The igniter is ok , but from the first use , it has been hard to keep the flame on no matter what setting I use -LRB- high or low -RRB- . Does n't seem to matter if there is a breeze or not and I have also tried different propane canisters . Typically the flame will only stay on for a few seconds before going out . Trying to get the fogger hot enough to produce a fog by lighting it over and over every few seconds does n't work well -LRB- minimal fog -RRB- On the few occassions that I have gotten the flame to stay on long enough to heat up , it produces a great fog that clears my back yard of bugs , at least for a short time.All in all , I can ' r recommend the item and will likely given an electric fogger a try nex .
 Bought one at Lowe 's yesterday ... have been using Burgess for years , finally wore out . This Black Flag is terrible . I will return it .
 I am tired of getting bit by mosquitos . Purchased this and have used it with minimum results . I live in South Texas where there is always at least a small breeze , so that may explain why there is such a lack of efficacy since the `` fog '' dissipates in the wind . Even when I have sprayed the mist directly on top of a mosquito sitting on the ground I watched it fly off . I am not sure what works on mosquitos , but I can assure you even when following all of the directions this product DOES NOT work for me .
 I did not receive the item . In it 's place was a can of ant spray .
 This is a piece of junk , I 've got one that flooted for two days that works better then this piece of junk . You would thing that the manufacture would check it out better . The auto igniter never worked from the firt day . Sad it almost as bad as the sprayer that they sell to kill weeds or grass that you do n't work . They work at least once and the you have to dump it into you onwn container and spay it yourself . Sad proberly made in China.Wake up Home Depo and Lowes ! Stop this crap from coming into your stores .
 I followed the instructions to the T . The `` auto '' light did nothing.Could not get it to work with a flame light as well although I couldhear and smell the propane flowing . No good .
 I bought this thing 3 days ago It would n't start using the starter button so I did a manual start it did light but only in an inclosed place as soon as I took it outside it died and yes I waited the 2 minutes for it to heat up tried it a few times still the same thing If you want to sell something then lets get the word defective out of the product before we try to sell it .
 Fogger worked great until it melted . I went through about 11/2 bottles of the spray before the plastic housing and trigger assembly melted and fused together.What a waste of money .
 We had an older model in the same brand but different design that worked so long we had to finally replace it after the coil corroded and had a hole in it from about 10 years of reliable use.So I expected different when buying this unit based on past experience . This one is pure junk.You have to replace the propane after it is about half empty because it does n't allow for enough pressure to maintain ignition otherwise.Also I had a lot of problems with it just staying lit . You have to open the valve as far as it will go and I had to use pliers the frist couple of times to get it there.The self ignition stopped working after about the fourth use . The unit takes too long to heat up and you can not pump the liquid more than 1 to 2 pumps every 20 to 40 seconds or it will not be hot enough to spray fog and only hot liquid will shoot out.The unit itself just plain feels cheap and the lid for the tank is a bear to take off since it gets stuck repeatedly requiring pliars to get it off most of the time.overall this unit is complete junk and I am replacing it .
 I have bought 3 of these . First one in Tenn. . I loved it . 2 years later my second . 1st one was damaged in the move .2 nd one only worked 2 times and quit pumping liquid . 3rd one same thing . At over $ 60 dollars a pop I want to used it more than twice . There are better ones available for the same money . Retired in Florida .
 I have now used the Black Flag fogger five times and I do n't believe it 's killed a single insect . I followed the directions explicitly and ... NOTHING ! The mosquitoes and gnats are just as bad as they ever were . It 's actually worse than useless . Now I have all this poison on the grounds and hordes of insects . Do n't waste your money on this piece of junk .
 I 've used a propane fogger for many years and when it was time to replace my old one I bought this Black Flag fogger from a local store . I only wish I had known that other people had problems with this fogger before I bought it . The ignitor never worked once and the burner continually shut down . Never once did it fog my yard . I took it back and bought a Bonide . The Bonide lights , stays lit , and fogs , exactly what you 'd expect it too . I would never ever recommend this Black Flag fogger , not one component on it worked . It does n't even deserve one star .
 Bought it since we also got some at work , then found out how cheaply it 's made . I used it maybe 7 or 8 times , sometimes it would make a good fog and sometimes not . The liquid reservoir leaks - there 's not a real lid on it . Found this out later , so if it 's not 100 % upright any remaining liquid will drip out and get all over the place . The squirt mechanism is n't even as robust as the cheapest kid 's water gun . Now it wo n't squirt and it 's going in the trash . Seems like a great idea , and I 'm willing to pay $ 60 or more for something similar , but I at least expect it to last one full mosquito season . Save your money on this trash and buy something else .
 My husband purchased this at Lowes and he really liked how it worked at first . It did the job of killing the mosquitoes as it said it would . The second time he used it there was a delay between the pushing of the ignition button and the time the mist would come out . It took several attempts for it to even ignite . The third time he used it the ignition push button would not even work at all and so it would not ignite . He read and followed all the instructions as he always does . We are now on Amazon looking for something better .
 Worked for 10 minutes . Then it went out and hubby was just blowing propane all over the yard ! And it would not re ignite ! Funny ... this must be common , as the instruction guide has all these suggestions on how to light it without the ignition button ! Really ? Why not just fix the ignition design flaw Black Flag?Brought it back for a refund . Do n't waste your money !
 The unit worked good for a little while , but has recently stopped pumping . I 'm also noticing a lot of heat on my hand to the point where it is almost unbearable to hold , which was not a problem when I first bought it.My next purchase will not be this same unit .
 I 'm on my second fogger . The first one the pump quit during second use . The second lasted maybe three uses before the pump started leaking , by then was out of warranty . Overall it might be more effective to throw the unit itself at the mosquitoes . In fact that 's what I did , got so frustrated with it , my hands tired from pumping , watched mosquitoes frollic in the fog laughing at me , threw the damned thing at the bugs and walked away .
 The dragon does burn the weeds ... uses a lot of propane and the weeds grow right back after about a week . Not a permanent solution to weeds . Use roundup .
 It does n't do what was said and can be dangerous , as it caught the grass on fire . Save your money . It 's awkward to move around and does n't affect a weed that is established and growing . Plus , it caught the garden mulch on fire . What a mess !
 What a disappointment ! It is much more than just heat . A long and very hot fire comes out of the end . We passed it over the weeds slowly as the directions indicate and nothing happened . Holding the fire on the weed until it singed and almost burned or did burn seemed to work better . Also , you can only use this in a very pristine area . No pineneedles , small leaves or mulch . The instructions say to carry a fire extinguisher with you as you work . We were working in an area that had small pieces of old leaves around rocks , etc that we could not rake all away . We kept starting fires in that area and having to put them out with water . We used a lot of butane -LRB- expensive -RRB- and a week later many of the weeds , though burned on the top , are sprouting new soots from the roots .
 After owning the torch for two months I have a yard full of weeds smirking at me when they see me . Yes , they burned , but then they came back bigger and better.Also , there is the small matter of having to buy a propane tank and a dolly to schlep it across the yard.Tried to return it to the manufacturer since the Amazon warrantee is good for only 30 days and they refused to do so in no uncertain terms .
 This thing is awesome . I take such perverse pleasure in frying those little weeds that invade my paver driveway and patio . Seriously , it does a great job . Its even better at starting fires in an outdoor fire pit . I can have a rip roaring bonfire in under 2 minutes
 Not terribly effective . The flame seems not really hot enough to actually kill many of the local weeds and grasses , though it looks scary to the neighbors , who think we 're about to start a brush fire . -LRB- This is Southern Arizona . -RRB- The device is also awkward to use without getting a proper propane tank dolly . I tried to gerry-rig a tank tied to a hand-truck . Did n't really work , though it might with a hand-truck of a different design . The one Red Dragon offers costs more than the Weed Dragon itself . Might be worth it if the flame system really did the job with the weeds , but that does n't seem to be the case -- around here , anyway .
 It was studily built . Amazon was great in its speedy processing of my order . However I could not use it and had to return it . Its connector did not fit either the small camping propane canister , or the large barbecue propane tank . Amazon should clearly specify the connector of this product so that there would be no waste time and money from both the consumer and Amazon.I am still looking for a weed propane torch that will work for me .
 I bought this torch at the recommendation of a friend who has a chain linked fence with a lot of weeds along side . Obviously , it was convenient for him to `` cook '' the weeds than to try to pull them or to spray chemicals -LRB- he has a dog -RRB- . I have a weedy gravel driveway I share with non-gardener neighbors who also do n't believe in maintenance and up keeping of their property outside of their house . The torch was great for areas where you have only stones and weeds . The unfortunate fact is that dead leaves and twigs are often stuck between weeds . They catch fire easily and that got my neighbors very anxious -LRB- and me , too ! -RRB- I have to say the burnt smell akin to a fire lingered in the air around my house for days after each application . A full can of propane gas was only good for two times of weddings . Resilient weeds tend to take more than one application . I REALLY did not find burning propane repeatedly and making the air around the entire block smell so bad all that green anymore . I sold my torch . It 's a nice concept , but I find it not very safe or practical after all .
 I bought this last week direct from the company so that I could take advantage of a bundle deal . Wishing now that I had purchased from Amazon so that I could return this easily.I would imagine that this item would be great if you are using it for grass maybe or in an area that is bricked or concreted . In my case , in the woods with dry leaves on a gravel driveway and wind all the time it is a recipe for disaster . The flame is not very focused and unless you absolutely fry the weeds , they do n't die . Even the young ones . I ended up pulling the weeds the next day around the house , but I guess I need to find another solution for my 800 ft. gravel driveway.In negotiation right now trying to return the torch . I 'll post later about customer service .
 this blower replaces the weedeater 2510 and I do not like it - would NOT recomend - does n't seem to have the force of air that the old 2510 had . wonder who still has a weefeater 2510 left over intheir store that I can buy
 i bought this miserable excuse for a leafblower as my old electric weedeater leafblower died after nineteen years of abuse i gave it.it was made in indiana , i dropped it more times than i care to remember.it was so old that the plug socket pins were in such bad shape that i glued in an extension cord with pl premium.i got seven more years out of it.it would blow the clothes of your back , god , i miss it.enter the new weedeater blower , or should i say glorified hair dryer , i used it twice , very weak , it would not be a pimple in comparison to my old beloved weedeater blower.on the third time i switched it on , nothing , totally dead , useless is an understatement for this miserable counterfeit.i woud gladly pay double if i could get my old weedeater made in usa back . sadly this cheaply made imported knock off is all that is out there.i gave it one star because the box it came in was nice looking , but that is where it begins and ends .
 When I pulled this tiny blower out of the box I was pretty skeptical that it would get the job done . However , when I plugged it and in turned it on for the 1st time , I had to immediately get a firmer grip on the thing . The power was exceptional . If you looking for a light-weight , powerful , and economical electric blower , this is your choice.Update ! 05/05/2010 - Reducing Rating down to 1 star.I pulled the blower out for the first mow of the season and it would not turn on . I stored the blower on a shelf in my garage all winter . In an effort to find out what was wrong , I pulled the thing apart to see if some connections had come loose , but found everything intact . I am very disappointed that I am replacing this blower after only one season of use .
 It broke the second time I used it . Flimsy plastic at a critical stress point was the problem . Do n't buy .
 It broke the 1st time i tried to scrape ice off my windshield . The scraping blade broke into many pieces and is worthless as a scrapper now . I give it one star for the brush .
 The snowbrush was cracked and looked used . The bristles had what looked like dirt all over it . I am still using my old dirty one over this .
 Received this for Christmas and REALLY needed the scraper . First time I used it was fine . Next time , I noticed the ice I scraped the day before had chipped away the plastic edge . Now I just get streaks . Not happy ...
 This product quality is not good . The product rotted in one week and fell apart . Do not purchase this product .
 This product is HORRIBLE , it disintegrated into dust in my yard . It is thin and definately did not block any weeds . I recommend not purchasing this product .
 This fabric would probably be OK in a flat garden . I attempted to use is on a slope and it certainly is n't strong enough to hold any soil in . Additionally , when I happened to spray it with a jet of water it shredded .
 I would have given it Zero Stars if I could ... Weeds and grass just grow right through it . Do not waste your Money on this product !!!!!
 This product does not work at all as a ground cover or weed buster at least here in Central FL . I laid this down in April 2012 as a ground cover for some plants in a raised 2 foot garden bed . The first week of May 2012 I noticed that the material was already degrading and tearing . We have had some rain and lots of sun and the material just does not hold up . The ground cover tears easily and seems to be decomposing . No way there would be 6 years out of it let alone a month.There are weeds growing under the ground cover pushing it up . The weeds are healthy and green . I do n't think this ground cover lives up to the Dewitt brand . Very disappointed . If you are looking for something to degrade quickly as a ground cover this would be your product . Maybe for covering seedlings until they mature but not for a weed buster as advertised.I use Dewitt ground covers a lot with great success but this product is not one of their better products .
 While this item blocked weed growth , it is not very durable . We put the covering down on tilled garden soil 25 ' long by 2 widths wide on May 1st , and by May 14th , the material was as tissue paper . The slightest brush against it caused disintegration . We used bent wire stakes to hold down the material , which worked ok . It did n't lift in the wind . But after being on the ground for 10 days , we attempted to cut a small hole to plant a tomato plant and the material fell apart when touched , even where it was dry . This item may work well when covered with gravel or other material , but is not good for garden cover to prevent weeds . Next year I 'll purchase a more durable garden cover . Not sure what I 'm going to do with other 2 rolls of this stuff . Maybe I 'll try to double it and see what happens . I really wanted this item to work . Too bad .
 I did n't even get six months out of this stuff until I noticed some tears . Upon closer inspection , I found that the material is simply awful . It starts crumbling in my hand . I do n't expect it to last forever , but not even one growing season ? Unacceptable . Unless you want to replace it in 5 months , avoid this make and model .
 I purchased this product for our garden to help with the weed control . After 2 weeks of being installed it started to fall apart . I have never seen a this type of product fall apart like this . I have used other products of this type before and never had this problem .
 `` 6-year '' in product description is a joke , at best . The parts exposed to full sun simply rot in about 6 weeks . Not only is it a pain to replace weed cover after the plants are already medium-sized , the degraded fabric crumbles into small pieces that are impossible to remove completely from a vegetable/flower bed . It is not made from a biodegradable material .
 We purchased 4 rolls of this product to cover our garden . While installing it we noticed that our boots were causing slight tears in the fabric . We were more careful and finished installing the matting without walking on it . Within a few days we noticed that the wind had opened up holes in the product . We purchased a heavier duty weed barrier and recovered parts of the garden . Now after a few weeks and a 25 mile per hour wind last night we have nothing covering the remaining areas . The wind shredded this product into little pieces . Do n't waste your money , buy a heavier product . The heavier product we used to replace the first problem is still in place , after the same wind , without even a single tear . This stuff was in small pieces piled against the fence . We installed a tarp around the garden to help block the wind when we first had some of it tear . Did n't help this less than paper thin product . Unfortunately this stuff is n't as strong as the newspapers we used last year as a weed barrier . Save your money and use newspapers if you do n't want to shell out for the heavier product . Try the Dewitt P3 3-by-250-Foot 5-Ounce Pro 5 , it will save you time and money . It 's what we replaced this cheap stuff with and you can walk on it without it tearing .
 This is for indoor use only.I did n't read the label on the unit that states indoor use only . Today it rained , and destroyed the charger.We replaced it with a Zarebra charger.I liked this charger , but what use is a charger for charging 100 miles of fence if it has to be indoors ? Crazy .
 This feeder is made of plastic - the only metal on it is the hanger . The feeding holes inserts are made of a soft plastic , and the birds and squirrels pecked and chewed through it within two days.The product description states `` with plastic top and wooden perches '' , but this is not so - everything is plastic . The feeder that this one was to replace had metal inserts and a metal top on a plastic body , and lasted almost 10 years.In summary
 The photo shows an # 8 bucket , but when the product arrived it was # 2 container ... very misleading . It also states the product is environmentally friendly ; however , it states on the container that it can cause permanent eye damage , is harmful to the skin and can cause damage to vegitation ... I 'm very disappointed with the product -LRB- which we decided not to use -RRB- and not very happy with the 100 % money back guarantee .
 You have to use the whole gallon to treat a 10,000 gallon pool initially , then half a gallon each week . I thought I 'd save money over the quart that I bought at wal-mart that was a little bit more expensive . However , the quart only requires 2 ounces per week to treat , so actually is a better value in the long run . The quart lasts me all season , where this gallon only treated my pool once . My guess is that this gallon is HEAVILY diluted with water . I wo n't be ordering it again . Terrible value .
 I purchased this to kill algae in my pool . I ended up using half the bottle and it still would n't kill the algae . There are better products out there .
 This product is useless . Normally I add 2 ounces of algaecide and good result . I bought kem tek 306 Algaecide from this seller . I used a gallon in the pool and I got more algaes in the pool . I am so dissatisfied with this product . please refrain from selling suchworthless product from amzon that will bring down the name of amazon.thanks .
 while checking out pool chemicals on the web , I ran across this kemtek product on amazon.com . It is priced at $ 49 for a gallon of algacide/clarifier . My local lowe 's store has this same product for $ 6.98 a gallon. , No ... this is not a typo.You have to be out of your mind to order this product at this obscene price .
 Thought I was getting a deal . The outside diameter of the tubing is too small to secure fittings -LRB- elbows , end caps -RRB- . Could n't secure tubing with compression rings because of its thin material.Now I see the Rainbird product is only $ 1.00 more.Can I returns this after having cut it into the lengths I needed ?
 As soon as I can find a box , I need to send it back . I wish I had purchased the right one ... it delayed a scheduled garden job .
 I will not do that again . Freight cost was way too much and it took forever to arrive.I thought paying 3 times more than the product cost would result in quick delivery ... WRONG !
 I bought a Raindrip landcaping kit from my local hardware store \ . The kit was missing critical parts , including the drippers themselves and the instruction booklet.I phoned Raindrip and was met by a snarky customer service person , who questioned if I were telling the truth -LRB- you think I sell drippers on the mean streets of San Francisco ? -RRB- He was very rude and promised to send me them by mail.Of course they never arrived . I phoned again and spoke to a retarded customer service woman who kept asking me for a PO number . She literally kept asking me for proof of my order when I explained that I bought the kit from the hardware store . She said she could not help me without a PO number . I had to explain to her the basic of selling products , ie , that her company sells to retailers who deal with PO numbers , and then consumers buy products from the retailer.So today they told me they would ship me the drippers on Friday . We will see . I have set up the landscaping kit weeks ago and am waiting to use , it.What a bloody hassle . Makes me less enthusiastic about my garden . AVOID .
 I did not know how to do a drip system for my trees and shrubs . This product included a `` how to '' booklet , so I purchased it . The instructions were fine and I discovered that this was a very easy and simple project . This raindrop kit did not have enough hoses and other parts so went to both Home Depo and Lowes . Both had tons of parts for a drip system but adding them to the raindrop stuff was extremely difficult as the hose diameters did not match . I discovered that I should have just gone straight to Home Depo -LRB- or Lowes -RRB- instead because everyone can buy better and cheaper parts there !
 I bought one of these kits just to get my system started and then added a bunch more to it . I would NOT recommend this product . I had numerous pieces break apart hile I was putting it together . Even the pressure regulator , which seems like a thick sturdy piece broke apart right in my hand when I tried to tighten the connection -LRB- it was leaking -RRB- ! It 's garbage . Also , just FYI , the Raindrip 3/4 inch pipe is slightly smaller than other brands -LRB- or vice versa -RRB- . In any case , you 'd think 3/4 inch piping would be standard -LRB- hence the size spec -RRB- , but it 's not . Be forewarned - if you mix Rainbird stuff with 3/4 inch drip stuff from another store and/or brand , it might not fit .
 Do n't know why , but no flies were attracted to the bait . none went in ! ended up using old fashioned flypaper , which caught tons of flies -LRB- also my hair once , gross -RRB-
 We have tons of flies because we have chickens . I have put one of these on my indoor-outdoor sunporch which is absolutely swarming with flies and one hanging near the chickens . Neither one has caught one single fly ~ ! I do n't get it - I 'm forever whacking them in the house - you ca n't walk onto the sunporch without them buzzing all over the place , literally and nothing?Also , the way these are constructed is difficult . You better have someone else there to hold the trap upside down while you add the bait because they are made all in one piece , and the top has that little knob thing to hang it from , so you ca n't stand the trap upside down to fill it . The water goes in the bottom with the bait and you have to very very very slowly turn it upright or the water will come out the funnel thing in the bottom . As I was hanging it from a string , I bumped it and it splashed out onto my foot , which was really disgusting since this stuff really stinks!Next time I will get one that is better contained - but not a Starbar one , as they just are n't working at all for us .
 I 've used the product a couple of years . There are many , many flies around here ! Sometimes it works ... sometimes it does n't .
 I ordered the 16 oz pet armor and received tiny 2 oz bottles that do n't say anything about it 's being for pets . The company refunded by money . I 've used the actual product and it is very good , but do n't buy this because it is mis-labeled .
 I was disappointed in this pig tail flipper . I found it awkward to manipulate and the food often slipped off . A pair of tongs works much better . I threw the `` flipper '' away .
 I got this item as a gift this summer . I am a fan of using tongs for most of my grilling and when I cook inside I use tongs or a spatula . This tool feels awkward and off balance compared to the tongs . The holes that are left in meat when trying to use the pig tail , although pretty small , do allow for juices to run precluding the effectiveness of searing the meat . I think this will get hung up on a wall so that fifty years from now people can wonder what it might have been meant for .
 push button igniter is really cheap and pooly made . Save time and spend the few extra dollars to buy one a Lowe 's .
 Broke right out of the bag . Granted it worked once - one click then it broke and fell into my garbage can .
 This igniter is a generic replacement that almost fits but it takes some finagling . The original was a much better product , in fact I had to use the original red button because the new one did n't work.Char-Broil did not have the exact same igniter assembly as was originally equipped with .
 I did n't buy this product from Amazon . I bought it at my local home improvement store . However , I was so disappointed in the quality of this replacement igniter that I thought I 'd warn people here as well.My grill was overdue for some TLC so I bought the Char Broil replacement 17 '' dual control bar burner -LRB- which is a good product , no complaints there -RRB- for my Char Broil Quickset grill and this Hot shot igniter to go with it.Even though the instructions on the bar burner expressly mention that this is the igniter to use with that particular burner , it 's still not an easy installation . It requires actually modifying the collector box to get it to attach to the burner . I wo n't go into details on what I did because I did n't end up successfully using the product in the end , but the point is it 's not just plug and play . You 'll have to figure out a way to attach it yourself because , out of the box , it wo n't attach.The wires do n't attach easily to their corresponding poles on the ignitor button or the collector box because the attachment fittings on the wires are round and , inexplicably , the poles are flat . Also , the round fittings on the wires are sized too small to slide onto the flat poles , thus compounding the problem . Flattening the round wire fittings slightly with a pair of pliers helped , but again the point is I should n't have to be modifying their `` Universal '' igniter to make it work with one of their own products which they claim is compatible , especially when it 's their own bad design that 's the problem.Build quality is cheap , so if you try to force the wires onto their poles -LRB- which you basically have to do because they do n't fit -RRB- just a bit too hard they 'll either break completely , or bend and weaken the metal significantly.The final straw for me was that on my particular ignitor after spending at least an hour trying to attach the collector box to the burner and then attach the wires between collector box/ignitor button without breaking something , I go to test it and realize that actually the ignitor button is , in fact , already broken . I should have tested it as soon as I took it out of the package I suppose . That 's what I get for being too trusting.So bottom line , there is more wrong with this product than there is right . Do n't waste your time and money on it .
 This product claims to be universal ??? They do n't even deserve a star but amazon makes you add one to submit the review . I guess they forgot that one upon a time they manufactured quality products in the United States of American . This product does n't fit this model grill . If I were to adapt it I would definitely melt and arch the electrode.I just completed a a frame-off restoration of Charbroil FlameMaster 6000 series grill . The reason I did it was because the cast iron hood has a Made in the USA symbol 4 `` x 2 '' in size . I could n't bare to throw it out . With amazon I was able to purchase the necessary parts to convert it to the current propane tank fittings . The only part I was unable to find was Sunbeam Gas Grill Replacement Brass Manifold Valve 34100 . A simple google search will identify dealers .
 While not necessarily known for making the finest quality grills , Char-Broil is a name that has been around for many years , and provided millions of consumers with affordable grilling equipment that works reasonably well , works safely , and lasts a fair period for the price paid . I 've owned several , and have been overall pleased with all of them.That said , the kindest thing I can say about this `` universal '' accessory/replacement part , is that all its components are universally worthless.The `` clamshell '' clamp approach to attaching the igniter to the edge of your burner may work o.k. if you have a burner that has a pronounced vertical lip along its outer edge , to give the clamp something to catch onto . If the edge of your burner is smooth ... forget it . It wo n't hold . There were so many other options Char Broil had available in order to attach this to your burner , but they went with this silly , cheap , ill-conceived approach.Even if you can somehow get it to attach to your burner , there is the matter of attaching the flimsy wires to the piezo plunger unit . The connectors on all the the wires were too small to fit the pin electrodes on the piezo device ! How does a product get to market like this ? It was necessary to try and expand the connector to fit . Upon finding that makes it too loose , you squeeze it back to its original size and decide to try and force it on . Next , the electrode on the piezo unit breaks free , and slides inside the unit making it inaccessible.Now , on the off chance that you 've made it this far , and actually managed to get this thing attached to your burner , with all wiring secured despite bad connectors , you will find that the vertical mounting of the ceramic igniter , causes it to touch the bottom casting of your grill or be so close that the spark is more likely to jump from the bottom connection of the igniter to the casting , rather than to the burner . AAAAAARRRGGHHH !!! During product development , did anyone at Char-Broil actually attempt to attach one of these to the myriad of universal replacement burners -LRB- because that is what anyone replacing an igniter likely has in their grill at this point -RRB- , or was this something that just looked good on paper?In short , if you need a new igniter , keep looking . This is n't it for most grills -- including Char Broil .
 A poorly designed , poor quality product . The connectors on the ends of the grounding wire do not fit properly on the tabs where they are supposed to connect . Something inside the push-button module broke off as I was vainly trying to get the ground wire connected . I threw this one out and bought the WalMart house brand -LRB- `` Mainstays '' -RRB- , which is clearly better designed and constructed .
 this thing broke on the 3rd use , it seemed nice while the handle was still there though .
 This syringe is a horribly cheap piece of junk , there is no stop to prevent the plunger from being pulled out of the syringe so as you are trying to load the chamber with oil it is far to easy to pull the plunger completely out and spill oil all over . This combined with the overall cheap construction and lack of rubber seal make it a total piece of garbage.Sorry folks do n't waste your money .
 I purchased this to make mixing oil for various yard equipment easier.Biggest annoyance is that it comes with a 6 '' length of plastic tubing . The length is needed to extract the oil , but may or may not be included in the measurements . How can this be accurate?Also , the markings require you to `` Mix 4 times for one gallon '' . I typically mix 2 gallons of gas at time , so i need to measure 8 times over ? I thought this was supposed to save time!I am now using a graduated calendar to measure my 2-cycle oil . I suppose this tool will stay on the shelf as an all purpose extractor , but for the intended purpose it did not meet my needs .
 This is just a cheap plastic syringe with a hose to fit on the end . I should have thought it through before ordering and it would have been obvious that this is n't a quick easy solution to mixing since you have to fill and empty the syringe 3 or 4 times to get enough oil for mixing with 1 gallon due to the relatively small size of the syringe . Also , I do n't believe it takes the volume of oil in the tube into account , meaning all mixes you make will be somewhat richer than intended.That said , it 's better than nothing if you have no way of measuring the oil and want to buy it in larger sizes than the pre-measured mini-bottles . A cheap plastic graduated cylinder of somewhat larger size would be best though , something that will hold around 6 oz total .
 This thing is awesome idea but made so cheap ! I found it at walmart for $ 3 and am taking it back !
 the idea is to give precision and simplify the processthe thing about precision is that you have to have control , a tool marketed to aid in precision should empower the user with control of amount ; not the case here as the stopper jumps from not enough pressure to reach the desired line to well past it , and then not enough pressure to eject all of the oil , which I guess has to do with the friction between the stopper and the sides of the cylinder , whatever , it 's not worked outas for simplicity , I needed a separate container from which to extract the oil as the tip of the syringe is n't long enough to reach into 2 cycle oil containers ; I 'm not sure how realistic this concept is in a plastic syringe , but then , it should n't be manufactured and sold as such , a common graduated cylinder marked with tenths of ounces makes more sense , we 're essentially talking about dividing by 40 or 50 , that 's not the hard part , it 's either 16 or 32 ounces of gas , as indicated on the side of this syringe , so 16 ounces of gas for a 40:1 mixture requires .4 ounces of oil , the math is n't what I need from this product , and when I want to adjust the ratio to affect performance , I find a measurement tool marked in amounts simpler and easier to use than one marked in ratiosalso , this tool is n't simpler to clean
 I agree with the other reviews who are disappointed with the cheap construction . I recently was using it and accidentally pulled the plunger all the way out the backside and oil got all over the place . It was hard to pull at first and then hit a less friction area and that was it . It is made of all plastic and seems like it could have been made with more quality materials and design . The two finger tabs on the sides of the syringe tube are thin and start to bend while applying pull if you try to use it for any type of heavier oil . It is not a one handed tool . It could have been if it were higher quality . It 's a shame that there are not more choices in this category as I would gladly pay a few dollars more to get a better made product . Does the job , just not a well as it could be .
 ... on product description page under `` Product Features '' : Plastic construction ; 15.8-ouncesNo , it is not 15.8 ounces -- it 's only 2 . So for mixing 5 gallons at 50:1 -LRB- 12.8 oz -RRB- I 'd have to measure seven times . No good . The advertised capacity of 15.8 oz was the only reason I bought it . Very disappointing.UPD
 Per the description , this item is ALL plastic . There is no rubber tip to the plunger as on typical syringes . This makes moving the plunger very difficult when loading the chamber requiring a lot of force . This force also makes it more likely to spill when the plunger suddenly decides to move freely nearer the top and completely comes out as you fill the chamber . Also two of the four I had broke the pull ring after about half a dozen uses . I wo n't buy these again .
 This is a joke , dont waste your money on this are muck better out there ! nothing in gallons or gallon if you want to suck up the oil you need to pour in something large joke
 the finish of item is garbage making it imposible to lide back , i had to use a sand paper to sand the edge that seals in the cylinder , now i can use it but leaks all over , cheap item
 The amount of force you need to use to pull and push this thing is insane ! Extremely difficult to use.Quite useless and it 's going back to walmart .
 The lack of rubber plunger on this makes it useless . Too hard to pull and push the plunger , marking on the side are way rich anyways .
 This `` sun catcher '' does n't work . It wo n't illuminate after a day in the sun . Tried different locations with no luck .
 I purchased a new BBQ and this cover , paying more for the premium cover knowing that we occasionally get snow and I wanted to protect my new BBQ as well as possible . After just 2 months the cover started to tear at each of the 4 corners . Unfortunately the return period is only 30 days so I am stuck with a horrible product , out the cost , and now have to go purchase a different product . I am a regular Amazon shopper and this is the only product I have ever been extremely disappointed in .
 I wanted a cheap rain gauge , but this was close to what i thought was a good choice . Works fine on a clear day but the sightest rainfall and the gauge reports low batteries . I have to reset the the reciever about 20 times before it works again to pull the same game on the next rain storm . If you want reliable rain readings , spend a few bucks more and buy an Oregon Scientific model instead .
 Everything about this remote rain gauge is fine , except that it would n't transmit data remotely from outside the house . I suspect that the rain gauge has difficulty sending the remote signal through the walls of a house -- which is what you need to do ! I could get the unit to work fine with both the gauge and the base unit in the house , but I could not get a transmission from outside the house to inside.I followed up with Cheney Customer service and found that the device will not transmit through the metal or brick of house frames . This limitation should be prominently mentioned on the box!Other than that , there are battery indicators for the both base and gauge , settable millimetres -LRB- 0.0 -RRB- or inches -LRB- 0.00 -RRB- , and a large display of the rainfall . I really wish that the system worked . It would be fine if it could transmit the remote signal to the base unit .
 I am on my second exact same model rain gauge and now this one has quit as well . They last about a year and that 's it . It shows 0.00 , but when it rains , it does n't read anymore . The last one did the same thing .
 We bought and used the rain guage for about 2 months during the summer of ' 06 . For winter storage , batteries were removed and both parts were stored inside until recently . A number of new batteries were tried but the guage consistently begins with `` 00.00 '' then jumps to `` 22.68 . '' For the price , this was a poor investment.Don ' t waste your money
 I bought two of these . One for myself and one as a gift . Both rain gauges broke after one month .
 This is my 3rd . unit . First one worked for one week only . Returned to Walmart and exchanged with my reciept . Second unit lasted for 41 days and quit . Took that one back to Walmart again for exchange . This is definately a very poor product . I will keep going back as long as they fail within the 90 store warranty and replace them . After that I will be looking for a better product and different company . Price was $ 20.00 . Looks like they may get tired of seeing me . OPs , I just finished setting up my 3rd unit and it will not register rain . Brought inside and found the counting tray will not dump the collected water from any side . Just sits there trying to dump and remains full . Any new water added by me flows into the empty tray and then leaks into the already full tray container and it stays in the bottom position . This one is going back after only 1/2 day of operation in moderate rain . Yes it is level on all sides and it is in sync with the other unit . I ca n't believe this either !! Three strikes and your out . Back to wallys in the am . jgPS . Called customer service they said enclose $ 5.00 to cover stuff and they will send a new one . Ha . ha . no way .
 I bought two of these -LRB- did n't learn my lesson with the first -RRB- . They just do n't transmit well . Worthless .
 First of all , I bought this item at Walmart for $ 20 . So the Amazon base price is about $ 15 too high , not to mention the additional shipping cost.The original unit did n't work - the digital display jumped from zero to .66 inches all at once triggering the alarm -LRB- with no rain falling -RRB- . Then we had a rainstorm , and it read .00 inches the whole time . I thought perhaps I had bought a lemon , so I took it back to Walmart . They cheerfully swapped it out for another . Same story for unit # 2 - the counter just jumped from zero to over an inch . Walmart once again was very nice and refunded all of my money.Given that a couple of people have had good results , I 'm guessing the design is OK but the manufacturing QC over in China is poor . But as far as I 'm concerned , this instrument is a piece of junk .
 this is second one I have owned and I should have know better than to purchase again . thought they might be improved but with seven hours of steady rain and having to drain pool this thing indicated .01 . My trusty plastic cheapo was overflowing at 6 inches .
 Who do I complain to ??? this item does not work at all . My old timeynail up rain gage , said 1 and 1/2 inches of rain . . My new acurite raingage said .42 inches . . what the heck , its not even close to beingACURITE . . this has been the case with several rainey day readings . . the rating should be `` 0 `` T. Jones
 Do n't waste your money ! Do a little web research on customer reviews and you will find a large majority state that within a short period of time the unit either fails or only reads 1/2 the rainfall it should . Problem is that the tipping bucket in the remote unit is plastic rubbing on plastic . While it 's new & smooth it may work for a while but as the poor quality plastic weathers , it either seizes up or drags to the point that readings are way off . Very poor design !!!
 This was the 2nd Acu-Rite wireless rain gauge I 've received as a gift . Each lasted less than one rainy season ... spring thru fall . Each of them worked ok for about 3 months . I kept an old see-thru gauge to compare . The Acu-Rite was terribly inaccurate after 3 months . The official weather reporting station is only about 5 miles from my house so I felt confident our rain fall amounts should be similar . The Acu-Rite proved time and time again that it was Acu-Wrong . A few days ago we received .80 inch of rain . The Acu-Wrong reported .000 for 24 hours after the rain stopped . The next day the gauge read .36 inch of rain . The sending unit and receiving unit were approximately 20 feet from each other . The only obstruction was a sliding glass door . I have removed the new batteries and thrown the unit away .
 I bought this as an `` upgrade '' to my EZ Read . I thought it would be handy to not have to shine a flashlight out the window to read the gauge at night like I have to with my EZ Read . Well , it rained today . The reliable EZ Read showed 7/8 '' the sophisticated electronic rain gauge had just 0.27 '' . So , the fancy electronic model is off by a factor of 3.5 ! Forget this unit . Buy an EZ read .
 After trying three of these , this wireless gauge is a piece of of junk It has an outside gauge , which becomes inoperative after a short time and an inside unit that also has a very short life . And they go through batteries very quickly . I kept taking the defective ones back to the store but I finally just gave up on the product.I should have known better . Any thing made by Acu-Rite I have has been a piece of junk . But that is what you get for buying anything made in China .
 This rain gauge should be avoided in my opinion . Mine will not reset easily . I must remove the batteries from the outside unit before I can get it to reset to 0.0 , and sometimes it wo n't even do that . It seems accurate other than this annoyance .
 My unit did not even last two weeks . The receiver display unit fell off a table about 3 feet high onto a wooden floor . It never worked after that . I disassembled it to see if there were any loose wires but no luck . So the circuit board or display must have broken.In other words , it has no durability and can not recommend it .
 First , Im amazed at what some sellers are asking for this rain gauge . Some as high as $ 30 + $ 9.99 S&H . This thing sells in most Walmart centers for just uner $ 20.00 with NO S&H to pay extra for . I bought one . It simpley preformed poorly . I have two manual gauges and a very accurite rain gauge on a Davis Vantage Vue weather station to judge it by . This product failed to measure rain accurritly each and every time by as much as a full half inch off . So , figuring I just got a '' dud , I returned it to place of purchase and got another . Same results . Measurments were way off the other gauges -LRB- which , by the way were all accurite with one another -RRB- Its just a cheaply built plastic toy , that for serious weather buffs , and maybe even some not so serious ones , is useless .
 We bought this model from Wal-mart as a Christmas gift . Could n't get it to work even following all trouble shooting tips . Returned it for another copy of the same . Same problem . Even after rain or dripping some water through it , it would n't read a thing . Contacted the company and days later they actually called back . Very nice lady . She explained that the see-saw-like part inside has a magnet on one side and not the other . Apparently in assembly , they are n't always put together correctly . Just a matter of turning it around . And it worked.Now I am questioning accuracy . Compared to the regular rain gauge the wireless is read about half the amount . Tested with a coffee can and it read right between the wireless and the regular gauge . The regular gauge is the kind that is wider at the top than the bottom . Now have a glass tube type out to compare when it next rains.Batteries are good and debris is cleaned out so those are n't the cause of the differing measurements.If this unit is n't working for you at all , try taking it apart and turning the see saw -LRB- tipping bucket -RRB- around .
 This served me well for two years . It transmitted the info through bricks , glass and metal over a distance of 50 feet for about two years until the batteries needed replacement in the exterior unit . After that problems mounted , performance became spotty and I finally threw it away after three and a half years . Never did like having to unscrew four tiny screws just to change the batteries in the outside unit . This by itself is poor design . Not worth price and frustration for just two years of good service .
 Do n't waste your money !! This rain gauge either does n't read when it is raining or just falls apart . Very disappointed !
 The label claimed it would spray 27 feet , I was lucky to get 3-4 feet . It did n't spray in a stream , it mostly was a narrow spray with no range . Label said `` Kills on contact '' ; I had wasps crawl through it and start flying around . When it ran out of pressure there was about 1/4 to 1/3 of can contents remaining . I suppose I could have gotten a bad can , but that 's a 100 % failure rate for me . The price was right , but I got what I paid for .
 According to the product 's label it : - Kills wasps , hornets and yellow jackets and eliminates the nests where they live and breed . - Kills dangerous pests on contact . - 27-foot jet spray lets you keep a safe distance while you eliminate wasps and hornets in their hard-to-reach nests.I 've used this product on the same wasp nest for a week every other day only to watch the nest and its population grow and thrive . The nest probably doubled in size . Using it to try to take down a single airborne wasp was n't much better than a squirt bottle of water . Most other brands foam up and prevent the wasps from flying . The Spectracide side product remains a liquid and many wasps easily flew 25 feet or more to a nearby tree.I feel lucky I was n't stung . Use at your own peril .
 Spectracide wasp and hornet sprayThe Can was damaged when it arrived and the plastic cap that fits on the top -- completely shattered in about eight pieces -- so a packing issue ! I still have been using the can because it seems to work and the product itself is great and works well .
 ive always bought the commercial version of the spectracide spray and tried this one because its half the price , well now i know why.this spray isnt as effective at all like the commercial version , when you spray the nest they still move around and still fly away also when you spray just the bee flying it isnt effective at all where as with the commercial version in the silver can will kill them instantly even if you only got a mist on them flying away
 Poor quality printing on poor quality fabric , poorly folded . Very disrespectful to the Air Force flag . Poor value no matter what the price . Proves a point - if it seems too good to be true ...
 tree was dead saller rifonded the money , very nice people to do business Peter Tomaino
 Opened the package and and at first was somewhat surprised by the hefty thicknessof the Vinyl , and with a soft liner . However when I put it on the grill and GENTLYtried to fasten the Velcro straps at bottom . . Both seams ripped where the Velcro was attached.Actually , I wont say ripped - more like came apart.Also this one seemed to be sized too small.Guess you get what you pay for.I would pass on this one. , . ,
 I bought this grill cover four months ago , after having a nice heavy-duty grill cover for several years . My old grill cover finally succumbed to the years of sun and rain weathering . After reading reviews of the GrillPro cover , I was hoping to get another heavy-duty cover that could stand up to weather abuse.When I first received the new GrillPro cover , I was pleased , but a little skeptical . The cover seemed fairly heavy -LRB- which is good -RRB- and had a nice inner lining . But the outside had a thin plastic lining that sure did n't seem like the sort of thing that could withstand much punishment.After a few months of use , my GrillPro cover is ripped all over the place and looks terrible.I do n't know about other grills , but the fold-out side `` tables '' on my grill -LRB- the metal flaps outside the cooking surface where you put stuff when you are grilling -RRB- are made of metal and have somewhat sharp edges . They are n't sharp enough to cut your skin or anything , they are simply the result of bending metal at angles . Those grill edges basically destroyed this GrillPro cover.When you take this grill cover on and off , even the slightest pulling over the grill edges causes the flimsy outside plastic covering to rip . Imagine if you covered your grill with a big plastic garbage bag , and tried to pull it over metal edges ? It would rip fairly quickly . Well , that 's what happens with this cover . It does n't actually tear the interior lining . The stretching from metal edges against the INSIDE lining causes the OUTSIDE lining to tear . My cover is n't tearing because I am scratching or physically damaging it from the outside . It happens through normal use.You can be extra careful when pulling the cover on or off , but if you ever forget , you 're doomed . And once it gets even a small tear , it 's terrible . The cover has polyester `` stuffing '' inside it -LRB- which makes the whole thing feel soft and supple -RRB- . When the outside tears , this polyester stuffing comes out and looks horrible . The cover is black and the stuffing is white . So small tears are easily noticed with fuzzy white stringy stuffing poking out . On top of that , these tears allow water to seep into the interior of the cover . So the stuffing inside gets soaked and messier after it rains.I 'm writing this review because I came online to order a new grill cover to replace the tattered mess that is my GrillPro cover . I remembered I bought the GrillPro a short time ago , so I felt like I should probably warn others of what you are getting . If your grill does n't have any metal edges and is n't exposed to rain , then you are probably OK . But for everyone else -- buyer beware !
 I recently bought this item and opened it to find that the seams on the sides near the bottom are not sewn properly , so the white padding is exposed , in other words it is damaged . It was not exactly cheap so I am surprised at the quality . As my mom would say . . `` It looks like it was sewn with a sneeze '' . I am not even going to return it now , I hope it lasts for a few months so I can buy a better one elsewhere . Would this item be considered `` seconds '' ??? The weight of it is sturdy enough so that 's why the 2 stars , but why does n't anyone in their company double check these things ... I would say it 's bad for business to sell things like this !!
 Please do your self a favor and do not buy this . It is supposed to fit the Broil King 90 Series . It does not fit it , you need to buy a 60 '' cover . Even if it had fit it is a thin piece of vinyl that rips very easily . This is the first time I have been disappointed with an item from Amazon and I purchase a lot from them . Surprised at the cheap quality and bad fit as this cover comes from Broil King and the grill is honestly great .
 I bought this cover because it was brought up at the bottom of the page I purchased the grill . The cover at first glance seems nice , the weight seems good but the plastic is the thinnest I have ever seen on a grille cover . If it were n't for the felt backing a slight breeze would tear it apart . The plastic has torn a way from the seams at the threads . The only thing holding it together is the felt backing . I would not recommend this cover to anyone . Please check the gauge of plastic before buying any cover . You get what you pay for . Bought a nice grill but got a cheap cover . If it did not cost so much for shipping I would send it back .
 I am not sure where some of these product reviews come from . I read the reviews of this grill cover and it sounded pretty good . However , I have owned it for a few months and can tell you that I would never buy it again . This cover is VERY thin and already has holes in it . Just the slightest wear on the corner of the grill has put holes in it . I have pretty much wasted money on this and I know it wo n't last the rest of the year . I will have to buy another one that is more sturdy.Buy a cover with more heavy-duty material or trust me ... you will regret it .
 We recently had a few weeks of rainy spring weather here and I pulled off the grill cover and found puddles of water in the shelfs off my brand new grill . It appears as if the seams lining the top of the cover are not water tight . I 'm very disappointed in this product . I am going to try to buy some seam tape to hopefully waterproof it .
 when I received the item , I shook out the folds as one would a sheet and the seam ripped almost effortlessly . as the rip was small I decided to put it on the bbq anyway and lo , it completely ripped open about 4 inches even though I exerted almost no effort . I inspected it for defects and found it to just be a cheap poorly made item . spend twice the money and get one made in the USA , its money well spent if you wish to protect your investment .
 one wind storm and tore apart ! had it for 4 months only a 1 month wrrranty i buy one close by , never had i seen one tear up like this . i had it straped too !
 I paid about $ 20 for this item and that is about what it is worth . What bothers me is that the seller wants you to believe that he is selling a $ 70 product for $ 20 . -LRB- ... `` and call now because there are only three remaining ... '' if you know what I mean -RRB- . The cover will do the job but do not expect a $ 70 value . The word `` Deluxe '' is definitely misleading .
 The seem split after a week . Very thin fabric . I would think twice before buying . I need five more words .
 Lighly built - tore accidently on first use . You get what you pay for . Probably need to purchase a heavier duty version next year .
 This cover did n't last one season . It has A VERY thin waterproof outer cover our some insulated cotton like material . It easily easily ripped in a moderate wind . I will not purchase this item again .
 I bought this at the same time as I bought the grill , based on Amazon recommendation . It felt small and upon the first use , it tore in several places . Would n't recommend it to anybody .
 I used this grill cover on a stainless grill on my deck in Chicago , IL , in a shady and somewhat sheltered location . It began to crack and fall apart in less than a year , although it was n't under any stress . I contacted the merchant with the issue through Amazon , and they said it was after their 30 day return period , so tough luck . Do n't buy if you need it to last at least a year !
 I bought this cover by clicking the Amazon `` buy these together '' button when I also bought a Broil King Signet 90 , turns out while the cover looks like its the right size it ripped immediately when put on the grill . It did n't even require force . This is a very poor quality cover AND should n't be listed with this particular grill .
 I 've had this grill cover for less than a year . It seems to be made of vinyl , with a fuzzy interior liner . The vinyl is not very thick , and has several holes already . The interior liner is wearing away quickly , so whatever protection it may have afforded is diminishing rapidly . The seams have leaked water from the beginning . It does n't stay on well in wind . This grill cover did n't cost a fortune , but I expected better quality than this . It lets in enough water that it does n't completely protect the grill -LRB- and that 's when it even stays on the grill -RRB- . I will be looking for something better next time .
 after using the grill cover for three weeks there is already small hole in seam the outer fabric -LSB- vinyl -RSB- is very thin . I wo n't buy another cover without being able to touch and feel with my hands .
 Only had about a month and it is already tearing along the bottom . Inside of cover is a nice felt backing with velcro straps though .
 We had this product maybe a full summer before it started tearing at corners . And , yes , we were careful . You get what you pay for . Spend $ 20 more and buy a quality cover .
 The cold weather in Minnesota is hard on this cover I think . Mine is ripping after only taking it on and off 4 times .
 I like this cover until the whole seam ripped out ! I do n't think it was sown correctly ! We did nothing to cause the seam to tear .
 Was completely disappointed with this product . Bought it with the Broil King Signet 90 on the recommendation of Amazon , received it promptly , but when I went to put it on the grill for the first time it ripped in 4 spots . Complete waste of money . Cheap vinyl plastic coating on the outside that has no durability at all . Do not recommend this product at all .
 We bought this cover for our newly purchased Broil King Signet 90 gas grill last spring . We were originally impressed with the nice fit , seemingly sturdy build , and as others have mentioned luxurious nappy felt interior . However , it did n't take long for the winds we have to wreak havoc on the cover . We keep our grill outside on our deck , on the leeward -LRB- eastern -RRB- side of our house , yet this cover simply did not last a year . By the end it was in tatters and torn in many places . We 've attached one picture taken today . We 've replaced it with the Classic Accessories 73912 Veranda Cart-Style Barbecue Cover , Medium , 58 Inch , which fits quite well and time will tell if it can last longer than one year .
 Do n't be fooled by the description , this flag is NOT made in the USA . I purchased the flag under the impression that it was ; when it arrived , the flag had a sticker on it that read `` Made in China '' . A US Flag made in China ... how ironic.As expected for the price , the quality of this flag is low but it still looks good hanging on a wall . I would n't fly it on a flagpole since the print is one-sided . You get what you pay for .
 When I got this , I was rather disappointed that it does n't match the quality of the other flags in my collection . It 's very thin and seems very frail , which , I feel would n't last long in the windy parts of my state , let alone on the back of a boat.Like another reviewer stated , it IS made in China , and as we all know , they do what they have to to make a profit . Thankfully I only paid 1 -LRB- plus 4.99 shipping -RRB- which should tell you about the quality right there . No worth returning , but does look good on my wall , if you ignore the one small area of misprinting near the top truck of the flag.For novelty use , go for it , but if you expect to fly this thing , you 're better off getting one of better quality than this . You will also pay for that too . Ones that are $ 25 + are usually good ones .
 Bought my daughter a JanSport Right Pack for school . Used it as her school back pack for 3 months , and the straps eventually tore right out of the bag ! We loved the leather bottom and the `` look '' of the backpack , but kind of hard to like the bag when it ca n't hold up to 3 months of high school homework hauling . On the other hand , last year 's Land 's End back pack was 3 years old and we had to replace it only because it was so dirty and soiled . Back to Land 's End we go .
 The hemp bag is well constructed and easy to use . The problem I had was that my sprouts -LRB- Mung Bean -RRB- stayed incredibly small . I am sprouting beans from the same batch in a mason jar and by day two , their size is more than twice that of day seven in the bag . Both batches were rinsed on the same schedule . The jar is harder to drain , but given the difference in the end product , I think it is worth the extra work . I have n't tried the lentils or the peas yet .
 I purchased the 6 inch String of Pearls plant which I note is no longer available as of this date -LRB- 8/09/08 -RRB- . Now I am beginning to better understand what happened with my purchase . A smaller plant was put in a 6 inch pot , leaving at least an inch of space between the plant and the plastic container . No soil was added to secure the plant during shipping . It arrived with `` strings of pearls '' broken off . It only had a few strings to begin with , not as was pictured . Pictures were sent to Hirt Gardens showing this . I was told I was wrong . Hirt Gardens responded `` the plant looked fine to me . just add some soil . the broken parts can be rooted if you like . just lay them on the soil . '' No exchange of plants was offered nor was responsibility for a poor product accepted . They have lost my future business . Guess a picture is no longer worth a thousand words !
 This is a Koch made-in-China knock-off . Apparently there is no CM brand available anymore-Columbus McKinnon went bankrupt and sold off these logging tools to overseas manufacturing . Under no circumstances will you be getting a USA made product ! If you need one of these balsa wood handled beauties , buy the lowest priced one , they 're all similar quality ... cheap !
 I order the Columbus McKinnon becuse it was American made and a friend has been using one for 15 years . What I recieved was a Koch Industries `` Made in China '' knock off . The bolts shipped with it were rusted together .
 I purchased this product at Walmart to use with our portable dvd players . The plug does not fit snuggly and falls out easily . The part that fits into the cigarette lighter is a great fit . It 's the end that attaches to the dvd player that is the problem . I 'll be exchaning it for another brand .
 I purchased the 0900-59 model . After about a year of use , it exploded while I was plugging it in . Sparks and smoke everywhere . Fortunately I got it unplugged and turned off before it hurt anyone , but I no longer trust this manufacturer .
 Purchased for a DVD player for an 18 hour trip with a toddler ! Did n't charge at all and blew the fuse . If I could find the receipt I 'd take this piece of junk back ! Do n't waste your $ $
 Even after reading the ` not so great reviews ' I decided to take a chance on this product because I had one that just quit working after several years of use . Well , I thought my radio was being charged but it was just the batteries that played the radio not the charger . I double checked it on my own vehicle to make sure the cigarette lighter worked . Now it is after the two weeks to return the product and I have a useless piece of junk . I am a mailman who needs to listen to my own radio because the postal trucks do not have them . Batteries get so expensive ! Does anyone have any suggestions for a charger that works ?
 Did what it needed to do . The plastic ring around the cigarette lighter plug part cracked and is now no longer usable . Made cheaply . As long as you do n't expect this thing to last a long time , you 're probably OK with it .
 If this unit is typical of all La Crosse weather stations -LRB- and I think it is -RRB- . . it should be sold thru Toys ` R'Us . . the label `` Professional '' is a gross overstatement!The hardware is all plastic and not very substantial.The touch screen menus are a pain and the light only goes on for 15 seconds , even when plugged into wall outlet . This requires `` exit '' prior to seeing any real time data.The software provided is the most pitiful and unuser friendly I have ever seen for downloading and/or displaying data . . everything is unintuitiveThe data sampling ie 5 minute intervals , only provides the instantaneous reading at that time period . . not any of the avg , max/min for that 5 min period . . so you have to set for 1 min intervals and download every day.I can customize and set the template to read WS as max and gust , but ca n't figure out how to simultaneously get wind direction on same data set -LRB- even tho their generic template shows everything , incl functions that do n't exist on this model -RRB- It will function for my purpose of calibrating a wind turbine , but is not the instrument I thought it was going to beThese clowns never adopted USB interconnect and documentation claims that serial adapters for a laptop 's USB WO N'T work ... duh , get with the program !
 several calls and emails on this unit netted me no reply . can not get any tech help so you are on your own with these folks
 MY POWER WAS OUT FOR THREE DAYS ----------- I USED THE 600WATT INDOOR GENERATOR -------- IT WORKED GOOD UNTELL I HAD TO CHARGE IT ------------ THE POWER PACK WENT OUT ----------- IF YOU DONT HAVE THE MONEY TO BUY A GOOD ONE ------ THEN DONT BUY ONE ...
 This unit is NOT A GENERATOR - it 's a BATTERY . You can charge it up , and use the power later . Do n't be confused at the name .
 A seller advertised this item at a low price.I purchased and and received a junky set of chinese made toolsand jumper cables . I returned the package and nevergot satisfaction from sellerI then discovered Amazon 's non-existent customer service .
 At least twice I had a raccoon trapped and he was able to escape . The trap is not nearly as heavy gauge metal wire as my neighbor 's trap of the same size which is older . I thought perhaps it was made in China !!!!!!
 I rescue feral cats -- I trap , neuter & return . This trap has a design flaw . The trap is designed to be operated with both doors set , allowing the cat to enter from either door , and the trip plate is in the center of the trap . I was a little apprehenisive , given the location of the trip plate , so I decided to try it out on my own cats first who are relatively small -- 8 lbs . I placed food in the center of the trap as advised . When one cat tripped the plate with her front paw , the door slammed her tail between the door and wall ! After my other cat ate the bait and tripped it with his rear paw , he got his head banged by the door ! Hardly a humane trap ! I 'm here to resuce cats , not injure them in the process . Thank God he did n't get his nose broken . Not only that , the doors close way toooo forcibly -- bang ! Scared me -LRB- and my cats -RRB- half to death . I currently use tru-catch traps model 30LTD , whose trip plate is at the rear of the trap , which are very quiet and do not injure the cats under any circumstance .
 We have used a Havahart trap to catch groundhogs , etc , for 25 years but this winter a racoon bent it so badly it did n't work anymore so we ordered this Havahart . We had it up for 6 weeks and have caught nothing . 2 weeks ago we watched a groundhog walk into the trap , eat the cantalope that was bait and walk out the other side . We called the 1-800 # and customer service was very nice and made some suggestions but the trap still did not work . We just called them and they are sending a new trap to us . They were very accomodating . We 're just hoping the one we have is just a lemon and that the new one will work .
 Caught a raccoon but he escaped within minutes . The trap is too flimsy . Maybe others have had better luck but I 've had to call a professional .
 I gave my old trap -LRB- 20 + years -RRB- to one of my Sons and it is still working fine . However this new model was a mistake to buy . It arrived not fully assembled , and was awkward to figure out how fix it according to the instructions . Finally got it working , but the two-door operation is not at all practical , and does not function reliably . Stricktly a one door gadget . Finally Opening the door for release/removal of the animal -LRB- especially a skunk -RRB- , is nowhere as easy as their old design . The old trap was easy to set up and use , and also safe/easy to remove/release animals as needed ... Why ca n't these young engineers recognize and leave a good thing alone !!!
 apparently mine were both ... but we did get um eventually ... the release could be a little more sensitive ours would go in eat and leave without triggering it ... so we had to play with it a bit to make it trigger happy ...
 DO NOT GET THIS TRAP . If any part of the cat is in the way of either door when it closes , they can simply back out of it . That is if they even set off the pretty heavy trigger -LRB- this can be worked around -RRB- . Really wish I had gotten a single doored trap after having so many cats get out of it after setting it off . Now all the strays and ferels are really shy of the trap because it keeps snapping on them and letting them go . This is CRAP !!! STUPID DESIGN ! Good build quality though , I must say the mechanism and cage is of quality construction.But only one star because it only makes the cats afraid of traps and risks hurting them by allowing them to get caught halfway . Very frustrating . Regret this purchase.UPDATE
 I bought this to hang a wooden address sign in front of my house , but the sign never seems to be facing forward . I adjust it every time I walk past the sign , but it does n't take long to twist off kilter . It pretty much makes it useless to me . Looks nice with nothing hanging on it , too bad it will never face the right direction .
 Arrived with parts of the feeder hanging loose . A real poorly constructed itemIn my opinion a piece of JUNK ! I sent it back for a refund .
 This item arrived completely broken . It had to be returned . I am being sent another one , but I wish I had n't asked for a replacement because I could see that the Perky-Pet 50126 Songbird Pavilion Cedar Feeder is just a piece of junk and I fully expect the replacement to arrive broken too.This is very expensive -LRB- for what it is -RRB- and I do not recommend it . Go to Lowe 's or Home Depot or Walmart . They have the same style , cheaper , and better made .
 The dimensions say it all . 10 ' X 4 ' X 14 '' = 47 cubic feet . A half cord is 64 cubic feet . So this rack only actually holds about 1/3 cord of wood ...
 The charcoal grate spacing is much too large . The charcoals fallthrough the grate making it impossible to use . We had to drive anhour from our campsite to the closest town to purchase bailing wirefor a temporary fix in order to make it work . It was either that orno BBQ !!
 This basket is rigid in the middle , and to make matters worse the spacing is far apart . Meaning once a a fish cooks and becomes tender , it will very easily begin to fall apart . Maybe this works on giant fish , but anything under 2lbs and it wo n't work . You would need a fish that fit it perfectly in order for it to cook properly . Otherwise you need a basket that will hold it securely as it cooks .
 I bought this product because it got a great review on America 's Test Kitchen . I liked the idea that you could remove the handle and &#34; shut &#34; the grill cover - instead of having the handle stick out . Turns out an older basket I have for steak , which enables me to adjust its &#34; height &#34; to accommodate thin or thick pieces , is much better for handling fish - even though the handle sticks out .
 Skip this . I purchased due to the excellent review on America 's test kitchen . The wire clip that holds it closed broke off the first time I used the basket . Nice idea , poorly executed.Back to Amazon it goes .
 Purchased this for a gift as it was highly rated by Cook 's Illustrated . Works great ... BUT ... it is RUSTING ! It 's too late for me to return for refund according to Amazon , but want everyone to know that it is NOT a quality product .
 The mesh is too far apart , which allows the fish meat to fall between , where it either sticks to the grill , or tears off and falls into the grill when flipping . Might as well put the fish directly on the grill . It is n't non-stick , but no basket is . It helps a lot to spray the baskets w / Pam before grilling .
 Unfortunately , anything less than a whole fish will slip thru the slots in this cage . It needs cross-bars to keep smaller pieces of fish in place but apparently that would have cost too much to add , I guess . Oh well .
 I reviewed this once before , so I will do this one more time ; but , I shall keep it short.When I recieved it the bend for the handle was improperly done . it would not connect to the device itself and it was so awkward to use , thatCharcoal Companion Ultimate Nonstick Fish-Grilling BasketI threw the damn thing in into the metal recycling ben . I will never purchase another Item mfd by `` Charcoal Companion '' , ever again.SincerelyLarry C HorneP.S . Read your reviews next time .
 I have had this product for about 18 months . It has given me nothing but trouble . The string breaks , as it will on all trimmers , but on this unit the string gets pulled into the head and jams the heads so you can not bump it out . I have to stop the engine , get a screw driver , pry the bumper off and restring the reel every time the string breaks . This is the biggest POS I have ever used . I will never buy another Troy-Built or MTD product again .
 I 've had this product for almost 3 years now and deeply regret not returning it the first year . I thought it was me - did n't know how to start it . Well , after I 've had couple of my friends try it and have as much luck as I did , I am now convinced that it is NOT operator issue , it 's the product . I like the fact that I do n't have to mix fuel & oil , and I like the fact that I could buy other attachments and have a multi-purpose tool . However , none of that has any value when I ca n't start the darn thing . It looks like new , but I will be forced to trash it and buy another one . Does anyone have a brand & model to recommend ? I would like to stay with 4-cycle gas models - but something that starts easily and reliably . Many times I got myself all ready to trim , with long pants , longs sleeves , eye goggles , gardening gloves , you name it , only to come to the same sad conclusion as the last time - the darn thing will not start . I think this is the last Troy Built tool I 'll ever spend my money on .
 Bought this one at Lowes 3 weekends back . Starting the trimmer was a very smooth operation . Just followed the procedure exactly the way they had described . It vibrates quite a bit , but you get used to it . After exactly 3 feet of trimming the string broke . I tried bumping the head to release the line but that did n't do anything . Opened the head to find out that the string had welded inside to the plastic and would n't move . So had to remove and wind both the strings again . After about 20 feet more the string gave way again . Again , followed the instructions to release the line , by bumping it on the surface , did n't work . I opened the head again and found out this time the string was just stuck and would n't move.After about an hour of fighting around I gave up.Started the trimmer the next weekend and had to stop 3 times to fight with the string release . On the 4th try , I emptied the gas tank , drove back to Lowes , and got my money back.I am now again on a lookout for a 4-cycle trimmer .
 It took at least a hundred pulls on the starter cord to get the trimmer running , I thought it would be easier the second time I used it , but it took just as many pulls . Even when the engine is hot it is hard to start . I return the 1st trimmer and replaced it with another figuring it must be defective . I 've never been able to get the second one started and will be returning it tomorrow . I 'll be replacing it with another brand .
 I bought this Troy bilt line trimmer as it was listed for a great price of 70 $ , and had the option to attach various lawn maintenance items like a hedge trimmer , etc to it . Right from the word go it would not start , I then took it to a Troy Bilt service place , they managed to get it started after adjusting some components -LRB- they would not tell me what was wrong -RRB- in it , took it home and i used it once . Since then it wont start and its lying dormant in our shed . Why i wont go back to that particular troy bilt service place , is another issue . Line trimmers are very easy to start and use , this machine is either defective or has some secret operating mechanism . HOWEVER , I brought up this issue with Amazon , the customer service department being so understanding , not only re-imbursed the costs towards getting it fixed , they also returned the whole amount i payed towards this machine , no questions asked , no documents to provide , no hoops to jump . In any case , I would definitely recommend my family and friends to shop amazon , its a great place to shop online and their customer service is just excellent .
 I purchased this during the fall of 2009 . I used it a few times and then not again until Spring . One thing I noticed immediately that I did n't like was the number of times I had to re feed the line . It either would disappear into the head or it would extend out so fast that it would cause the head to wobble . Very frustration to deal with when you could only use it for 5 minutes before having to reline the head.Now its beginning of fall and its basically stopped working all together . The engine is strong and great , but mixed with this line head attachment it is a piece of junk . Do not buy this . I managed to get this returned and upgraded to the TB6040 XP which clearly has a better more durable line head on it.The one on this model has such a cheap plastic design and housing that its no wonder it did n't last . I would n't recommend this to anyone . On the plus side , the engine ran like a champ and even on the day I returned it , that engine was as strong and smooth as the day I bought it . Hopefully Troy Bilt will get wise and use one of the better line heads that will last .
 The only good thing about this trimmer is that you do n't have to mix the gas and oil . After that , it 's pure hell !! The only reason for a dual line is to sell more string ! It buys you nothing else . Every single time I have to put string in it , I spend a good 15 minutes or more swearing at it trying to get the bump knob to thread onto the center shaft !!!!! I can not see anything wrong with the threads on the shaft and I can not see anything wrong with the threads inside the knob , but I 'll be dipped if I can get the ***** thing to thread on . The frustration ruins any chance of me getting to ever like it.This is NOT a Fill-It-And - Go trimmer either . It requires maintenance that I never had to do with my 2-stroke trimmers . The rocker arm clearance has to be checked and set every 10 HOURS of use ! Why would I want to have to mess with that?I did n't think $ 185 with tax was an el cheapo trimmer , but I guess I should have spent more to get something that performs better . I bought it specifically so I could use other attachments on it . Now , I think I made a mistake and should have looked at other trimmers from a dealer rather than a big box store . What does Lowe 's care about my problems ?
 Like everyone else I too have had problems with the line feed on this model -LRB- TB525CS -RRB- . Specifically , after a couple of bumps the line seems to come out all at once . Being of a curious nature I disassembled the head completely and discovered the root of the problem . There is a spring loaded mechanism that is supposed to regulate how much string is released in a bump . What happens is this mechanism starts to stick due to a poor design involving a circlip and a weak spring.Long story short after putting a washer under the circlip and adding a much stronger spring at the base this is actually a very capable head . I never had any problems with the engine so I am pretty happy now . I still have to give this product one star because no one should have to go through this much work to make a product function like it is supposed to .
 I had a Troy-Bilt mulching mower that I was very happy with - it lasted 15 years . I had a Toro trimmer that eventually died , but it was nice while it lasted . So , I figured since my Troy-Bilt mower was such a success I bought the TB525CS trimmer for around $ 175 at Lowes in June 2009 -LRB- I 'm posting this May 2010 -RRB- . What a mistake . The engineering of this trimmer is terrible - it 's very unclear how to check the oil and with the documentation and decals on the unit it says you can look in an ` oil indicator ' view circle , but it 's behind one of the encasements of the engine . The documentation suggests ` to use a flashlight ' to see if the oil level is right . Who in the world designed this piece of junk ?? For consumers like me who just want to make sure the engine has enough oil this should be embarrassing to the engineers . In addition , the pull-cord has stuck multiple times and I 've replace the twine but it now advances at it 's leisure while I 'm doing simple trimming . The user manual documentation also is poor - suggesting ' ... you may want to ... ' . Whoever wrote this manual has no clue how to write documentation - the word ` may ' will always lead to a lack of confidence . Do n't buy this trimmer ... 05/28/2010 - I figured out the line feed problem ! Look , I 'm an IT pro dealing with very sensitive integrations , so when I purchase a trimmer I at least expect the documentation to be correct so I do n't have to figure that out also . Wrong ! The moronic TroyBilt documentation states you have to have to rotate the head ` Clockwise ' to coil the line -LRB- page 5 -RRB- - negative - you have to rotate the head ` Counter-Clockwise ' . Truly disappointed that this is an American product ...
 Great little engine . Starts easy and runs smooth and is relativly quiet . But that bump head line feeder makes it all for naught ! Like so many others posting here , I can only go 6 to 12 feet before having to remove the bump head cover -LRB- not easy ! -RRB- , rewind the line , then reinstall the bump head cover . And getting that cover to snap back in place is even more frustrating than getting the damn thing off in the first place ! I 'd return it but I dont know what I 'd buy to replace it . I dont get along with 2 cycle engines -LRB- i 've sworn to never own another -RRB- . The motor on my old electric Ryobi gets so hot it burns my ribs so electric is out too . So its either 4 cycle or let the grass continue to grow across the side walk . Someone told me Honda makes a 4 cycle but I 've been afraid to even look at the price .
 I bought a similar Troy-Bilt weedeater model number TR525ES . I put gas in it , and fired it up . It seemed to work fine when cranking -- then I tried using it . The bottom casing that held the twine was put in place with two clasps that would come off easliy if you simply pinched it with your fingers . If you lightly touch the casing to the ground , the whole thing flies apart !!!! There are four small metal cylinders inside the spool that are supposed to hold and guide the twine . When it blew apart those little cylinders flew across the yard , NEVER TO BE FOUND AGAIN ! I have NEVER seen a product basically destroy itself like this . I was shocked !! When I contacted Troy-Bilt about the problem , they said that the part wasnt covered by the warranty and that I would have to PAY FOR THEM !! I WILL NEVER EVER EVER buy a Troy-Bilt product again !! I cant believe that they would want me to pay for their faulty design ! What a piece of CR@P!Do yourself a favor and buy a different product !!
 I 've owned a lot of trimmers in my time and the Troy-Bilt TB525 EC is the worst of all of them . Just bought it brand new a couple months ago . First time using it , it took about 50-60 pulls to get it started . I figured `` hey it 'll be easier to start next time '' . Nope . Just it took close to 100 pulls the second time . In the time it takes me to start this piece of crap , I could 've already been done with my yard work . I will never , ever drop a dime on a Troy-Bilt product again and I 'll be sure to tell my friends & family to do the same .
 Purchased this machine a few months ago . Used it twice with some excitement . Third use has been impossible to start . I 've nearly pulled my arm out of socket pulling the starter line . Instructions on the side of the thing for starting have proven useless . Engine refuses to turn over . I will be taking it backt tomorrow for a full refund -LRB- I hope -RRB- . Save your money and your rotator cuff .
 I purchased a TB525 Ec and it has never worked properly . The company is even worse they do n't care . I spoke to customer service person today and his comment was `` have a nice life . '' The head does not feed string properly requiring me to go back into the garage , disassemble the head and fix it . This happenes every 5 minutes or so . After about a year of ownership and 90 minutes of use , if that much , the motor does not turn fast enough for the string to cut grass . The motor stalls and dies . The gas is fresh , the air filter clean and the fuel filter replaced and it still does not run . Squeeze the trigger ad the engine dies . Troy - Bilt comment on that , the world make bad gas these days . Troy bilt does not honor their warranty , neither does its parent MTD products . It is better ti use sizzers .
 i finally got to use my new troy built a few days after i received it . i filled it with oil and gas and crancked her up per the instructions and away i went to cut some high grass around a stump when 15 min into cutting it just quit . it felt hot so i let it cooled down about an hour . tried to restart and the pull felt loose . thinking it was a safty feature to let it cool or reset i let it set till the evening and the pull was still loose , i had the husband look at it and the neighbor and both said that the shaft was sheered . i was upset and then horrified that i couldnt return it after putting gas and oil into it . but after contacting amazon , they replaced it fully . and i am greatful for that .
 I 've owned a TB425CS for three years . I really liked it until the curved shaft trimmer cable broke and I could n't get a replacement from Troy-Bilt . I tried a Ryobi universal replacement trimmer attachment but it was worthless . So , I bought the new almost identical TB525 -LRB- that 's how much I liked the TB425 -RRB- . Right out of the box I noticed part of the plastic handle was broken . So I decided to at least try the trimmer attachment with my TB425 power unit . It worked for about 1 minute before the string completely disappeared into the hub . I retrieved it from the hub and tried again but this time the string fed out of the hub unrestricted and twisted around the shaft . Re-read the instructions and reloaded a few times with the same result . I could easily pull the string out of the hub with my hands . Returned product . Very disappointed with Troy-Bilt now .
 ... but that 's one too many . I purchased my Troy Bilt from Lowe 's last year , and wish I had n't . Have experienced the same problems that others have pointed out . The little gas engine runs well , once it warms up , but finicky to get started . Had to adjust the idle setting to keep it running . My biggest gripe is with the ` Speed Spool ' head . The first time I had to re-string it with line , I followed the instructions to the letter . But on restarting the trimmer , the line spooled out uncontrollably . The faster the engine ran -LRB- and the head rotated -RRB- the faster the spool emptied . I went through this 3 times before I finally gave up . Only tonight , after reading some other reviews did I find out that someone else figured out what the problem is . Even though the instruction manual tells you to reload the spool with line by turning clockwise , this wo n't work . You have to spin it counter-clockwise . What sort of quality control do they have at Troy-Bilt ?? This may seem like a minor oversight , but something as critical as reloading the spool ? Inexcusable . How very sad that a once proud American brand name that was once synonymous with quality ... especially their tillers ... has sunk to this level.There could be some healthy debate about whether or not the fact that Troy-Bilt trimmers are assembled in Mexico has something to do with all these problems . But I do know that nothing with the Troy-Bilt name will enter my home again . This trimmer has just been too much trouble . But I 'm too heavily invested in it to just junk it . I also have the heavy brush cutter and the pole saw attachments , so it will still get some use . Considering my old Ryobi 775r 2 cycle is still going strong after 9 years , that says a lot about their quality versus Troy-Bilt . If you watch the professional lawn care guys , nearly all of them carry Echo or Stihl , one of which will be my next weedeater . You could n't GIVE me another Troy-Bilt .
 This is a horrible trimmer . The line feed is a nightmare and replacing the string is as bad . I would never buy another troybilt .
 Bought b/c of the four-cycle -LRB- no oil mix -RRB- design . Have had unit for about two months and have used on the yard about six times . I have had nothing but problems with the spool head -LRB- see so many other reviews with same problem -RRB- with string jamming . Finally , the head flew apart !! . Troy Built Customer -LRB- lack of -RRB- Service is not helpful . refered me to a Service Center that is no longer open !!! I just wanted a new spool head and would replace it myself but they would not help at all . STAY AWAY FROM THIS JUNKY MACHINE . Thank you ...
 Save yourself time and money , this product makes you re-adjust the line every ten feet while trimming . The line continually breaks off and you have to restring it . DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PRODUCT !
 I bought this piece of junk at Lowes . It 's difficult to start , though runs well when it gets going , so I do n't have a problem with that . What I have a problem with , like everyone else , is the spool head . I could n't feed the string in as per instructions because the last of the previous load of string was still inside after the machine decided to throw it all out at once . The head is almost impossible to get apart , which I have to do to get the remaining string out of it . Then , when I put the new load of string in as per instructions , I started it up and it threw it all out again , leaving me with an empty spool again , for the third time in a row.Clue to Troy Built
 DO N'T BUY THIS ITEM . THE PRODUCT STINKS AND TROY-BILT 'S CUSTOMER SERVICE IS JUST AS BAD ! I WOULD GIVE ZERO STARS IF THAT WAS AN OPTION.I bought this product for $ 169 at Lowes and it has been nothing but trouble . Over the winter , all the oil leaked out . It was in an enclosed garage in Florida , so the elements were not an issue . Clearly this all happened before the warranty expired on May 3 , but I did not need the trimmer until recently so I was not aware of the problem . When I saw the oil on the floor , I cleaned it up , put new oil in and got it running . Within a few minutes , the trimmer was belching blue smoke , a sure sign it was burning oil . So I called Troy-Bilt and got no help whatsoever regarding my warranty options . They told me I could take it in and if it turned out to be a manufacturer 's defect , they would cover it , but if it was n't I would have to pay the service charge even for the inspection myself.Needless to say , I wo n't be buying any more Troy-Bilt products .
 The Troy-Bilt TB525CS I bought lasted just out of warranty and was an absolute bear to start the whole time I had it . It would always start , but it would take a minimum of 15 pulls when it was hot outside and upwards of almost 30 when it was cold -LRB- always would leave a blister due to the hard pulls -RRB- . Dealer said that was due to the 4 stroke engine but `` I was helping the environment '' . Well this time I 'm buy something else and I 'm going back to a two stroke ! `` Heck with the environment '' !!!
 I purchased a Troy Bilt 4-cycle a couple years ago . EVERY time I use it , the thing gives me grief . Constant battle keeping line feeding from the head . Did not like the balance of the machine and sometimes it vibrates terribly . Factory was absolutely no help . Wanted to return it after my first use and factory said `` no way . '' Never again !
 I ordered a 4 cycle string trimmer # 41Adt52c966 . It is supposed to be a 4 cycle trimmer . Instead I got trimmer # 41adt25c966 , a cheap 2 cycle trimmer . Notice the middle numbers in the item # are backwards . I seems like a common mistake , but this kind of thing happens too often . The end result is that the customer has to pay shipping , and the trouble of shipping and packing the item to send it back . Most people , like me , will just take the loss to keep from going thru the ship back hassle . I feel ripped off . Take heed If you order from these people .
 I bought this trimmer 12/20/07 , after three times of uses the engine exhausts a lot of smock , my wife brought it to Bills repair center for service the tech told her that we put too much oil , I was using the bottle of oil that comes with the unit . I myself brought it in the next week , the Owner Bills told me that it is a piece of junk and suggest me either buy a new of throw it away , I insisted to repair and left it in store . It has been there more than a month , eveytime I call for information , the answer is always back order for part and can not provide when the part will arrive , currently the trimmer still in the store waiting for part . This is not a good trimmer and very bad service .
 I bought this and was very excited to use this trimmer . It broke after the second use . I took it to the local approved service shop . They figured out what broke quickly and ordered the part . Long story short , two and a half months later the part came in . At one point , it was in the shop for longer than I had owned it . Every review you hear about the spinning head is true . Not sure who designed that , but wow , it 's horrible . The handle also does n't lock into place , so if you get resistance while trimming or using the edging attachment I also purchased , the handle rotates in your hand . Then you have to stop , twist it back , then keep going.Overall , this is a piece of garbage soon to be on CL . Look elsewhere .
 Do n't bother with this , it 's total junk ... used it 3 times , never did start right , -LRB- followed instructioins to the letter -RRB- ... what a joke . The trim line constantly breaks and tangles , like others have said . Requireing complete removal , de-tangle and re-string . Took it to the dump today , which is where it belongs . I would not even `` give away '' this problem to someone else ... Troy Bilt , you got me once , never again !!
 Just like other folks have mentioned , the line feed/replacement is beyond frustrating . You can not remove the spool unless you have a flat blade screwdriver . Also , trying to feed the line through the spool 's channel is another mind numbing adventure . If you like stopping every 5 minutes to untangle the line , buy this lemon . I 've had this model about 2 years and on top of the line issue , something is up with the motor now as well . It makes a clicking noise when pulling the starter rope . I believe Troy Bilt trimmers are notorious for having the flywheel key break prematurely . I 'll soon find out when I take it apart . I 'll probably get a Stihl if I ca n't fix this POS .
 I chose this trimmer since I also have a 4 cycle leaf blower by the same company which works great . The trimmer was horrible . Starting the engine was much more difficult than my last Homelite , but the worst problem was related to the feeding of the trimming line . In 10 minutes of trimming , I had to stop and disassemble the head three times because the line became tangled inside . This happened the next time I used it as well . I returned it to Lowes and bought a Husqvarna 223L which works perfectly .
 My first started with one pull every time , even after a winter in the barn.And the string feed was OK , unlike the garbage they have now.My first was lost to a brush hog accident ; with my second I noticed that they downgraded the engine so that the new engine starter would be required.And now the line feed is a joke , worst design possible.Goes though line like crazy and normally requires opening it up to remove feet of string before loading a new 10 ' new string.And removing the cover can break the head , requiring a new attachment . Because head is not replaceable.Clearly it is being poorly design on purpose , by a greedy company.P.S . I will be shopping for a new riding lawn mower soon , guess what brand will not be under consideration .
 I bought this trimmer yesterday because my old one crapped out after two years . There are n't many choices unless you spend twice as much money for a quality unit like a STIHL . I picked the model with the curved shaft because it was $ 20 cheaper than the identical model with the straight shaft , and I still have the straight shaft that came with the last one . CHEAP being the key word . I put that glorifed hunk of plastic on just to see if it was any better than the strtaight one . After less than 5 minutes of trimming , the head flew apart and the spring headed for parts unknown.The good thing is that I received a free electric starter when I bought this unit . The bad part , is that I need it . This is also the hardest trimmer to start that I have ever owned , and it is new out of the box . I plan on selling this piece of junk at a yard sale , and buy a real trimmer .
 I loved this machine ... for 2 and a half years of quiet running , easy-operating use . And then the crank sheared off . End of machine . Think of the crankshaft in a car or a motorcycle
 Does n't open all the way and does n't stay open . Very hard to get the food in to the basket . For vegetables this product is not a good fit . The vegetables fall out of the basket and end up at the bottom of the BBQ . It 's really hard to open , and it 's even harder to get it open once it 's off the hot BBQ . Would never recommend this product .
 The bracket for the handle on the basket had a poor weld , not being able to support the weight of the basket , so it snapped apart rendering the the product useless . The bracket should be designed to be more integral to the basket frame so it can support the weight of the basket and the food to be grilled in the basket .
 I find it very difficult to open and close , and it 's not wide enough for chicken . The handle is difficult to use , and the non-stick capability does not work all that well . It came out of the dishwasher in need of hand cleaning . I 'll probably throw it out .
 We will never buy another basket with a detachable handle . Too much patience required to get the handle in the slots . Also , the basket comes apart when flipping it over . Last night we had food flying everywhere . It took us forever to find this basket , now we are starting a search again .
 I am looking for a long time for a grill basket with detachable handle so I can close the lid . This is the only product I know with this feature . Unfortunately , other reviews are true about the closing mechanism
 Hard to tell how something is made and works by seeing a small photo . I wanted something to grill small items like cut vegetables where I could close the grill top for more even cooking and smoke flavor and flip everything at once . Well , there seems to be 2 major problems . First , the wires do not form a tight grid for keeping smaller pieces from falling through , although that is what it looks like in the photo . Instead , they are pretty far apart -LRB- about 3/8 to 1/2 inch -RRB- and parallel -- they only have 2 wires running crosswise at 90 degrees on each side . The grid look in the photo comes from the wires on the top and bottom running at 90 degrees to each other . SO LOTS OF STUFF FALLS THROUGH . Second , the handle requires a good grip and is in bad need of a locking device so you do n't have to maintain the heavy grip on the basket when you flip and move it.This said , the basket would probably be good for hardy cuts of fish and thick burgers -- -LRB- thin delicate fish might have an issue being flipped with the thickness -LRB- interior height -RRB- of the basket -RRB- . For cut veggies , it is pretty useless . Forget asparagus , cut peppers , cut onions , etc. I returned it .
 I bought 4 of this baskets . My first try was a failure . I only had some veggies in it and turning it around opened the locking mechanism and all veggies ended up on the ground . Second try with more care same result . This is a fundamental design error .
 My wife and I ordered 2 of the Pacific Outdoors 17-LC120La Chaise Folding Recliners and were disapointed that one of them was defective right out of the box . One of the rivets that hold the support arms was shipped with it loose in the box . I pulled the second one out and could feel the stress of my weight bearing down on the fragile frame . I weigh 260 lbs , and the chair is suppose to hold 300 lbs but after seeing the other chairs problem , I decide to return them both .
 It is now May 28 , 2010 . I Purchased this grill -LRB- 2 -RRB- years ago ... . I figure it only gets about -LRB- 3 -RRB- months or so a year of use before being packed away for the season , so the grill has seen approx 6 months of use over my 2 years of ownership . When I went to use it for my 3rd season the unit was totally unusable . RUSTED TOTALLY THROUGH !!! . I contacted the manufacturer , LANDMANN USA , sent them photos detailing the damage , advising them the unit was always kept covered as well including pictures of the cover on the unit showing how it actually molded itself to the unit from being covered so much . Rather than trying to resolve this situation , they put me through numerous voice mails , promised to return calls and never did and finally accused me of keeping the unit exposed to the elements , not maintaining the grill and it rusting away was all my fault . They actually accused me and are trying to pass off their choice to use poor quality materials in making this grill as if it were my fault the unit rusted away.Contact Me , I will be happy to provide you copies of our back & forth correspondence if there 's any doubt.The grill is a piece of _______ ! They claim to use `` Heavy Duty Steel '' , at who 's standards ? ... yea if you compare the wall thickness to aluminum foil . My unit actually has rust holes in the Ash Tray & Side Walls.I feel I 'm fair , I give honest reviews . I 've given this manufacturer every opportunity to resolve this issue and restore my confidence in their company and they flat out would rather accuse me of not caring for my belongings while I can prove otherwise.At this point I have contacted the Georgia State Department Of Consumer Affairs and have registered a complaint against Landmann USA.Unless they make a better effort to show how good of a company they are and stand behind their products , I would not recommend this grill.It 's up to them .
 I was trying to make changes that are healthier for my family , including using less plastic and a steel spatula . I bought the all clad because I thought they were made in America , but No - this is made in China , where a lot of steel products are made with dangerous cadmium and other items -LRB- even when supposedly checked by a US marketing company -RRB- . If you want something made in China just buy a cheap $ 5 one , no reason to pay more for this .
 this will not fit on any pole as advertised , if you have a shepherd 's hook pole look elsewhere . This is not stated in description and has cost me time and money as they do not refund shipping even though it is not as described
 I ordered this product and received it quite promptly . Problem is , it is defective . The top of the cylinder was never welded onto the cylinder , and was actually in a separate little bag . -LRB- Having bought a similar product in the past , I know that it 's supposed to be a single unit , with the top welded to the bottom -RRB- . To ship it back is very expensive , and there was no info in the package on how to contact the seller , so I have tried duct taping the thing together several times now . It holds for awhile , then fails . So this was a total waste of money , and I am flabbergasted that the seller would send out this obviously defective item . Very disappointed . One star for prompt delivery .
 Same to report as others . Definitely do not buy unless you can do so in person . Found blade edge to be WAY off center . Poor quality . Not happy at all . Very bad response from Estwing service.Spend your money on KOA or something whose manufacturer takes pride in their work .
 Difficult to use , not reliable , must be inserted exactly half way between top and bottom ... just really not worth the hassle .
 I PURCHASED ANOTHER BRAND JUST LIKE THIS . PAID $ 6.00 OR $ 7.00 FOR IT AT WORLD MARKET , COLUMBUS , OH . NEVER DID WORK . YOU COULD BURN A STEAK AND IT WOULD STILL READ RARE !
 I bought this unit for my father , who has the associated 12V batteries and handtools that require them . He lost the original charger and found like others that now only the 18V charger is manufactured and available in retail stores.This charger worked well for him the first time he charged batteries , but the second time he left the batteries plugged in too long and the charger blew . This is a very poor design and there should be a warning regarding this on the charger . I am buying him a third charger and he will now set a timer to remind him to unplug the batteries after the set charge time . The fact that overcharging blows the charger is absurd , but he does n't want to toss his handtools so we 're stuck buying another charger !
 The product arrived exactly as described , we plugged it in and it charged our drill 's battery . However , we have since noticed that it has stopped working . It is supposed to have a red light that lights when the battery is inserted -LRB- this lets you know that it is working -RRB- . The light went out , and we soon realized that it was no longer charging .
 My original Ryobi charger went south , but I love the drill . An easy fix is as follows . I unplugged the charger and removed the bottom cover then attached my car battery charger -LRB- 12V -RRB- to the charger terminals underneath the Ryobi charger -LRB- check power cord wires for + / - location -RRB- . Put the Ryobi battery back in the charger unit and trickle charge the battery that way . Remember to not use the Ryobi power cord , the car battery charger is supplying the juice .
 My first charger blew , so I ordered this charger from Amazon . It blew also . I am keeping the battery in the charger plugged in . Maybe that not what I should be doing . Am ordering my third one . Home Depot does not stock these . . only 18V chargers
 After purchasing the battery charger I find out the batteries -LRB- 2 -RRB- are bad , 12 Volt , can not find any in Home Depot or any place else . I have to trash a good drill and dust buster because of it . That is the last time I ever BUY another Ryobi product again.Don Hojnacki
 I read the reviews after I had bought this product . Since my charger had just went out , I was happy to find that Amazon carried it . I immediately ordered it and then decided to scan the reviews . I could not believe how negative the reviews were for this item.Well when I received it , I plugged it in , placed in a battery , the red charging light went on , and then the light went off . The charger was BROKE . It lasted almost two seconds!I contacted Ryobi . They sent me to a local warranty repair shop in town . I took the charger and waited 1.5 weeks to get my charger back . I returned to the shop to pick up the charger . I had carried my batteries with me this time . The shop checked out my batteries and said they were good . I plugged the battery into the newly fixed charger . Well guess what ? The Charger lasted 5 minutes before the red charging light went out again.Long story short , I decided I would read the Amazon reviews BEFORE buying for now on . I have since replaced my Ryobi drill with a DeWalt -LRB- twice as expensive -RRB- and could not be happier .
 I had the original charger which is no longer manufactured for over 4 years . After it died , this model was substituted and I had two replacements both die the same way -LRB- being left on overnight -RRB- . Now I have to use a manual timer which shuts power off after 3 hours.Weird ... Ryobi was nice but said that 's just the way it is ...
 I had seen the poor reviews for this charger , but the plastic casing on my old charger had disintegrated after 10 years , so I had to get a new one . I had one new battery which charged up just fine . Then I put in a battery which was down to 5V and the charger lasted about 30 seconds before the light went out . The problem was the transformer which had died . I still had the transformer from my old charger , so I connected it and it charged up my old battery . The new transformer was rated at 200 mA , the old one was rated at 400 mA and was twice the size and weight . Conclusion -- only insert batteries near to 12V so as not to over load the feeble transformer .
 Similar to others - I purchased this to replace an identical unit that had failed with very limited use . The new one failed within 15 minutes out of the box because of a low battery condition . Will cost nearly as much as the original purchase to replace under warranty . I liked the tool , but this will be the last Ryobi product I purchase .
 I AM VERY DISSAPOINTED AFTER FOLLOWING INSTRUCTIONS TO TEST THE BATTERIES , FINDING THEM OK , AND THE CHARGER BURNED OUT OVERNIGHT . SO MUCH FOR RYOBI , WILL TRY CHANGING BRANDS . RYOBI SHOULD TRY A SIMPLE FUSE IN THE CIRCUIT.SORRY BUT THIS IS MY OPINION !!! R. BROWN
 This product did not work as designed . After I placed the battery on the charger it blew out again and would n't work .
 The charger worked for five minutes , it quit and does not work . Totally dissatisfied with the product with this product .
 This charger worked for one charge only . That was it . I sent it back and got my refund from Amazon , but this thing is not really worth the headache .
 not good , it did n't work not even for 6 months . Not charging my battery and some defect on this product
 It did n't work , plain and simple . I returned the first one , then the second one stopped working after a half-an-hour . What 's up ?
 Same problem as others . Charger will blow out when your battery goes bad . I 've gone through 3 chargers and 6 batteries so far . I would never buy another Ryobi product except that I really like the hedge clipper that I got with the drill and can not find a comparable replacement . Once I do I will scrap all of my Ryobi tools !
 This was the third one that I have purchased thay failed after one charge by the time I wanted to use the second charge it failed . I should have purchased a new product from Black-Decker in the first place .
 The charger failed on the first battery i tried . I ahd teh battery tested before i used the charger to make sure it was OK & the charger failed - actually the transformer that you plug into the wall socket .
 I charged my battery on my drill and then the charger stopped working . The red light will not even come on . A piece of junk .
 terrible product . learning the hard way that you CAN NOT LEAVE THIS UNIT PLUGGED IN INDEFINITELY . I 've sunk $ 20 into this system and it looks like I 'll have to sink another $ 20 or buy a different system . I 'm going to look at option # 2 now ...
 You get what you pay for.Was on off-site , out-of-town job . Needed an extra drill/driver . Thought I give Ryobi a try . It was cheap . Lasted a week before battery charger went.NOT WORTH the trouble to return . Do n't waste your money.When a company makes a product this lousy , they know it and when buying any tool , I 'd bypass Ryobi .
 Do not buy this - it burned out in less than 5 minutes -- the original lasted 5 years and is a 400milliamp the new one is only 200milliamp -- it burned up --
 After 2 or 3 weeks the Ryobi 12.0 volt charger did not work . I am not satisfied with this product .
 I bought this to replace the original charger , which finally gave up the ghost after 4 years of continuous service . This charger died less than 2 weeks after plugging it in . I wrote the seller , Mowtownusa , and explained the situation and asked what to do , but I never received a reply -LRB- this was a couple of weeks ago -RRB- . I 've decided to give up and buy a new one next year ; ca n't afford to throw away any money this year . Ryobi Charger 1411141
 Ryobi Charger 1411141Despite the fact that most of the reviews here for this charger are negative and from people complaining that the charger died on them , I had a perfectly-working 12V Ryobi drill with good batteries but a bad charger , so I figured I roll the dice.Complete waste of money . I have two batteries and it charged each one of them once before dying . Honestly , if you have a 12V Ryobi tool and you require this charger , just throw the tool away since it seems to be impossible to purchase a working charger .
 i received this charger on the tuesday after memorial day . i plugged it in to see if it worked and it did . on the following friday i had two batteries to charge and i plugged it in again and it worked for about twenty minutes and it quit . i would have complained and sent it back but it would probably cost more money than it is worth . so i do n't think too much of the charger .
 Received my Ryobi charger today plugged it in set timer for 3 hours . After 1/2 hour the charger died and obviously did not charge my battery . What do I do now just consider this a rip off or contact my credit card company and rescind the charge . The original drill and charger worked flawlessly for over eight years until the charger died .
 Burnt out in first two hours of use . Ryobi did send a replacement at no charge !
 This product failed after one charge of my batteries ! . I 'm not sure who is in charge of their quality control but I would have thought it would have lasted longer than 1 charge . This also reflects upon Amazon since it is their name that has been tarnished .
 I recieve the charger it was in good shape . Iplug it in and plug a battery in it it would not charge the battery . I will never , never , purchase any thing from this web site again .
 Last one burned out , giving it one more try.Directions for checking batteries before using are a pain in theneck . If they ca n't make a better product , they should quit !
 Better just to buy ... . other brand name , Ryobi stop supporting this 12 volt line .
 I received the charger in a timely manner , and used it once and after that , it stoppped working and will not charge other batteries or even the original one that it did charge .
 The charger was received very quickly . However , it burned out minutes after I plugged it in as the old one . The Ryobi chargers and batteries are deficient . I will never buy another Ryobi product again . Did n't want to hassle of returning it . Went out and bought a new drill .
 Yeah , the charger is cheaply made.The power cord is flimsy and mine quit working the first time I left the battery in the charger overnight.I am seeking a better one before I waste more money on another like this again .
 I purchased this battery charger and it stopped working within about a week 's time . I contacted the company and supplied them with all of my information , but have heard nothing from them . I will never purchase another itme from them again .
 I have a ryobi model 1202m cordless drill . In order to charge the battery # 1311148 you need the charger # 1411141 . This charger will fail on the second or third charge cycle you utilize . I have gone through 4 chargers now . I finally gave up on the ryobi and purchased a milwaukee 18v drill . This product works great , charges the batteries in 20 to 30 minutes and the charger has not failed in over 100 charging cycles . I will never again buy a ryobi product .
 Was anxious to receive charger as I needed it to charge a battery . It worked for less than one hour , then konked out after that .
 I wish I had read the other reviews before I purchased this . Our RYOBI battery charger gave out after 8 or so years of use and a replacement charger was not available in stores so I had to purchase online . I set my battery in the new charger and the light turned red -- charging . A few minutes later when I returned I noticed the red light was no longer lit and it never went on again . I guess it died after 5 miutes of use .
 I purchased 2 chargers.Both of them failed after 30 minutes.There is a warning that the chargers could fail if used to charge bad batteries.What a waste of money.I ended up dumping both chargers , the tools and the batteries .
 My story
 Purchased a replacement charger only to discover it is defective and did not produce a charge . Guess that 's the price you pay for the online purchase.Not sure why Ryobi charger is so difficult to find .
 Have now been through 2 chargers -- called Ryobi and they mentioned taking it to an authorized center , but I 'm not wasting any more time on them -- they should have shipped new , redesigned chargers to all of us -- obviously they do n't stand by their products !
 I ordered the wrong one and it is NOT RETURNABLE . They clam to have advised on the page . Unpleasant overall . The large print giveth and the small print taketh away . Grumble .
 Two chargers were purchased with one no longer working after two days ; the other quit working in less than a week . I 'm very disappointed in these products and will not purchase any other items from this company .
 I never even got to get one entire charged battery from this item , and it had died . These are terrible chargers ... not worth anything ... a waste of time and money ... junk !!!
 I should have listened . This is a zero star item.The charger worked for about 5 minutes before frying . Amazon will take it back with no hassle , so hooray for Amazon . But now I 'll be throwing away a perfectly good drill , a hand held vacuum , and 2 batteries , just because Ryobi ca n't seem to make a battery charger that can , you know , charge batteries . Lame .
 I bought this as a Christmas gift for my brother . The first time he used it , it died . I would not recomend this product to anyone who does n't want to waste their money . Cheaply made .
 I did purchased the Ryobi 141141 and like the many reviews it worked for excactlyfive minutes when the red light went out I would not recommend this charger to anyone and pay attention to the reviews , I always put my charger on a timer but in this case it did not do any good
 What an experience
 This product was horrible . After reading the reviews - It seemed as all customers had troubles with this charger when they bought it . In spite of the reviews , my wife still convinced me to buy this charger saying it was worth the risk . Wow - what a mistake . The charger did EXACTLY what all of the other customer reviews said it would to . I plugged it in and within 5 minutes it stopped working . Now I 'll by a new drill after wasting money . Do n't make the mistake like me and waste your money . Customer reviews are there for a reason .
 This was the third charger that I ordered and the third one that turned out to be defective . Not sure if it is the age , workmanship -LRB- rebuilt ? -RRB- or just bad luck . I may be slow , but I finally figured out it 's time to buy a new drill !
 I have blown three in a row and like most other buyers , I do n't know if it 's the batteries or the chargers that are causing the problem . This product is Chinese made junk at its very worst . Save your money and buy something better .
 Do not buy this product.Before charging even one battery completely and before 3 hours had elapsed the charger went dead.Stay away
 Ryobi 1411141 12.0 Volt Chargerplus a battery . I read these posts too late ! AugH ! My charger , on the first use stopped working . I am trying to look into the warranty but already I am running into trouble . My local authorized repair dealer suprized me when he said he does not check these things out and ca n't help me . What the hell does rhat mean ? So now I have contacted Motown since they sold it to me . Next time I will read these ! I coulda maybe bought a new drill with a charger for the amount I spent . 47.00 . I will update when I get updated !
 I received this product quickly and in good order . Plugged it in and inserted my first battery . The LED went on and everything looked good . I came back about 20 minutes later and the LED was out . The transformer had failed . Fortunately , I heeded the advice of another reviewer and wired the charger base to an automotive battery trickle charger and all is good now . Clearly , the charger requires a transformer with a higher amperage rating .
 The Ryobi charger burned out after only 30minutes . Seller refunded , no problem.I am looking for a universal charger that is made better .
 this thing doesn ; t charge , i plugged it in and insert battery and nothing happens ... no red light , no charge , now i think the battery is shot . . geeeezzz
 Item did not work , return for refund or replacement and never heard back from seller !!!
 This product ceased functioning during the first charge . It is absolute junk . I have n't returned it yet so I ca n't say how the vendor is .
 burned out the first time I used it . they would n't let me give it less than one star .
 My first one , which came with my cordless drill , died . I bought a replacement . It died . I will just buy a new cordless drill from a different manufacturer and save the future hassle .
 What 's scary about this BBQ brush is ; when cleaning your grill the metal bristle come off . If your not careful it can get in your food and in you digestive track causing all kinds of problems.I threw mine away in the trash .
 Waste of money . It fell apart the first time we used it . It made a huge mess all over our Bar-B-Que Grill , and then we had that to clean that up too . It 's made really cheap .
 These salt and pepper shakers are pretty much what I expected , plastic shakers to put outside that you can drop and get dirty and not worry about it . For the price , the build quality meets or maybe even exceeds what I would expect.The holes are way too big though . I never understand how companies screw up the size of holes on these shakers . They have one feature they really need to check before they package it and that is the ability to shake salt or pepper out without releasing too much or too little.Too much you say ? Make the holes smaller!Too little ? Make them larger.Did they even run salt or pepper through these ? A LOT comes out . Much more than this salt lover would ever use .
 I purchased this hose to drain the water from my humidifier . It has leaked from day 1 from the nozzle where it connects to the humidifier . If I get it in the right position , it does n't leak . But I should n't have to mess with a brand new product to get it to work . I do like how thin the hose it , and how it 's a darker green than most other hoses . But that does n't mean much when it does n't serve it 's main purpose .
 I bought this item to try and grow hot peppers in the cool Oregon climate . The first day I put them in it , they got cooked by the sun because of the clear plastic cover . I now have to order a tinted one to filter the sun light to try and save the rest of my fragile pepper plants . I had to read reviews of others that have experienced the same misforture as I. BE WARY if you are a novice gardener like myself of this product . The mistake is costing me another 30 bucks . Just order the tinted greenhouse to begin with .
 We purchased two of these . We were excited to get them quickly and we put them together with no problems . We knew they were n't going to be the highest quality , but we thought they would do the job . We put a total of 6 small plants -LRB- herbs and vegetable seedlings -RRB- split between the 2 greenhouses . We also put things like our small shovel , empty watering can , and bag of soil on the bottom shelves . There is no recommended maximum weight listed on the product listing , the box , or the directions . We figured we should be okay since we had much less than what is pictured on the box and also on the product listing here.Not even 24 hours after setting these up both crashed to the ground . Pots broke , plants were tossed upside down , and everything was a mess . It was difficult to get everything out safely since the plastic was zipped up and the opening was facing the ground . Once we got everything out , we noticed the plastic supports on both of our greenhouses broke . They could not hold the weight . That is unfortunate considering there was n't that much sitting in the greenhouse to begin with.We will definitely be returning both of these.I would n't bother wasting your money on this . We 've decided to spend a little more and get a heavy duty rack like this one : Seville Classics SHE18487 18-Inch by 48-Inch by 72-Inch Shelving System with Wheels , Chromeand then wrap heavy duty plastic around the back and sides . For the front , we are going to attach a second piece of plastic with velcro so it is removable . Same effect , but at least we can be certain it wo n't come crashing down . -- In case this review does n't scare you away and you are still curious about the dimensions between the shelves : - There is 12.5 '' between each shelf.-The top shelf has 20.5 '' of space at it 's highest point.If you are having trouble keeping the wire shelves flat across the supports , you can bend them slightly downward so they fit better . This stopped ours from moving around so much ... well before they came crashing down . : /
 This was a total waste of $ 35 . The framework and shelving are flimsy . The unit consists of thin gauge tubing , fitted into flimsy plastic sidebars which bend and warp with the least pressure . There are no locks to prevent the tubing from slipping out of the plastic rails pipes and there is no cross bracing . The whole framework tipped over sideways , scattering all the potted seedlings . This is a very UNSTABLE unit . Do n't waste your money!I would n't give this `` greenhouse '' even one star !
 Blows over if you do n't have enough plants to hold it down , and if you have even the slightest bit of uneven weight distribution , it will buckle and collapse ! There is no way this is made for the outdoors . Maybe if you have zero wind and a few tiny plants .
 After searching around for a cheap , simple greenhouse , I decided to go ahead and ignore the other reviews on this product and buy it . BIG mistake . As someone else had noted , the zipper is flawed somewhere in the manufacturing process . It has gaps where it just wo n't zip - does n't matter how much you try to stretch the plastic -LRB- which barely covers the structure -RRB- ... it still does n't work . After a week , the zipper came completely off . I still continued to use the greenhouse , thinking ` maybe I just got a bad one ... no worries . ' Then today , just as my seedlings were emerging , the whole thing collapsed and bye bye seedlings ... It was n't even windy out , it 's just that the plastic supports are so cheaply made that they do n't create a strong enough structure to support the higher levels , let alone a seedling tray filled with dirt.Please save yourself the time and dissapointment and opt for something -LRB- anything ! -RRB- else . I 'm going to attempt to return this one and head to my local garden shop where they have a more expensive , but hopefully more sturdy , model .
 I spent 2 hours getting all of my seeds started to have that stupid green house literally fall apart and tip over spilling all of my seed starts on the ground and wasting all of my time and the money of the seeds . I think this product is the worse thing ever do not buy it will end up costing you more money than buy plant starts from your local garden store . DO NOT BUY !!!
 I have not unpacked the product because it is too fragile for my purposes . The images are more attractive and it appears steadier than what was delivered .
 Bought this to start seedlings indoors . The shelves were n't the same size & I could n't even get it to stay together . Returned it immediately !
 We bought this shelf unit to replace one that was many years old and kind of rickety . This one looks nice but it is way more unstable than the old rickety one . No matter how you place the pots on the shelves it leans and is in danger of falling over . Very disappointing and a waste of money .
 I loved this item at first , but unfortunately if I wanted the moisture to be maintained , the flap had to be shut , which killed all my plants because of lack of oxygen . Great for the price , but not worth the trouble .
 This product is made simply for seedlings . Will not handle grown plants . I was so disappointed . I wanted to winter some lovely full grown plants . Set them on the shelves and balanced what I placed on the shelves . Two days later it looked like the leaning tower of Pisa . Unless your plans are for starting plants during the winter do n't waste your money .
 We purchased this product and were very pleased with it when we got it ! Sturdy and just right for a mini greenhouse . But when we were just about done putting it together , which was not difficult , we found that one main piece was missing . We called the company and were told that they could not replace the part ... that it was made and shipped from China and that we would have to take the whole thing apart and ship it back to get a replacement . They could not even replace one single part here in the USA where the company is . No thanks . Sent it back for a refund . Would have been a good buy if it had all been in the box . : -LRB-
 Warning ! If you place anything heavier than 1-2 lbs , it will fall through . The so-called wire racks are like chicken coupe wire are the cheapest wire they could use so it does not hold anything heavier than maybe the little seed starters . Not sure how they came up with the image unless they stuffed dry moss in those plastic pots because realistically , the wire trays included do not hold anything over 2 lbs unless it is flat and spread over the entire rack like the seed starters . I returned this product , would have been great if the wire racks were n't so cheap and could actually hold potted plants like in the image . Amazon was great about the return process however .
 I 've had this product going on 2 years and now feel like I have a pretty good idea why this is such an inexpensive product . First off , there is absolutely nothing holding this thing together except the tension from the vinyl covering and the strength of its stitched seams . After just one season , UV had decomposed the top of the cover . One day , I started noticing gray dry flakes on all my plants . It was the decomposed vinyl . Luckily , when I was assembling the metal tubes and plastic crossbeams , I used cable ties to cinch everything together so it would n't all fly apart . It 's what held everything together while I ordered another cover that ended up costing me more than half the cost of the greenhouse . Seriously , the metal tubes just insert into holes in the plastic crossbeams , and not even tightly . If you do n't know how sun affects plastic , you 'll find out with this greenhouse . Not only did the cover dissolve , but the crossbeams are now getting brittle and the holes that the metal tubes insert into are enlarging so that what was n't snug to begin with are now even looser.As far as the design , forget about using the bottom two shelves . There just are n't any plants that survive in that much shade . I 've used those shelves for pots and potting supplies . Also , the clearance between the top of the zip-up flap and the top shelf is too narrow for my plants , so when I pull them out , I end up having to tilt the pot or bend plants to get them out.I gave the product 2 stars because it suffices as a plant stand and garden supply storage shelf , but given its rapid decline , this novelty item will be in the recycling bin not long from now .
 Never again will I buy something like this . It fell over twice and broke everything I had in it . It ca n't hold much weight . It almost fell a 3rd time but we caught it before it broke everything again .
 If this product had been made with quality it would be a great product to have sitting on my balcony . I put it together , and even before I tried to place plants on it , it was falling apart . I would not recommend this to anyone with substantial plants to cover during the winter . Seedlings , tiny little pots , maybe , but the foundational poles on mine kept falling off . All I could imagine was coming out one morning and seeing all my plants and pots smashed to the ground .
 it took no more than ten minutes to assemble . i placed the green house in my back yard that gets full sun . i put a batch of starter plants in and walked away , confident i would get larger sturdier starters ready to transplant into the garden.when i went to check the next morning , all the plants had withered . i took out all the plants and waited for mid day to see how hot it would get . it was very hot . there are n't any vents to allow excess heat escape so the top two tiers turned into an oven . no wonder the plants had withered.i had to cut some vents into the top and sides to let the excess heat escape . this did the trick . major design flaw in the green house , but nothing that could n't be fixed with some tape and cutters any one who gardens should have laying around.my next batch of starters should do well . if i do n't update this review -LRB- 6/22/2012 -RRB- , then they did fine .
 Please do not buy this . Everything bad written in these reviews that could go wrong with the greenhouse , DID go wrong with my greenhouse . This thing will fall over even with the tiniest of breezes . Plus , like most things made in China , it is NOT built to last . Cheap crap , plain and simple !
 I purchased this mini greenhouse to replace one that I had purchased 5 or 6 years ago . It is made out if very flimsy components and I will be surprised if it lasts for more than a couple of years .
 I purchased this product from Lowes a couple of years ago , and quickly found out it 's not very durable . The wind knocked it over repeatedly , and the shelves and pipe structure fell apart constantly . The concept of it is great , but the pieces are now piled into a trash can in my backyard , waiting to go to the dump , after a couple of years of trying to make it work . Also , the plastic cover took a beating in the sun , and it fell apart too . So , when they describe this as a ` portable ' greenhouse , I think that means the wind will blow it all around your yard ...
 I received 2 of these December 9 and put them up on my patio . Each tier has little metal poles that fit into holes in the plastic side supports . My husband and I assembled the greenhouses carefully , made sure the poles were in securely , and set the greenhouses outside . Each rack had about 3 or 4 plant pots on it . Some of the December nights dipped below freezing and I was glad I had the plants in their little greenhouses . It has become rather nice in the last 2 weeks , which is good , because BOTH greenhouses collapsed today . They lasted just 2 months before the plastic side supports broke . They were not subjected to temperature extremes or heavy plant pots . They just are too flimsy . Buy something else .
 This was ordered as a gift 10 days before Christmas with no indication that it would not arrive prior to the date . It did n't and the first notice of when it will arrive says it will come in February . Another service foul-up by Amazon !
 The design of this rack relies on gravity to hold it together . If you need to move it , there is no good way to lift it without the whole thing falling apart . It 's not bad for keeping your plants in , but I wish I had spent a little more for something more stable .
 The picture of the Gardman 4-tier mini greenhouse looks like the other green colored mini greenhouse on the market , but it 's far inferior . I 've had a mini four tier greenhouse for years and do n't know who the manufacturer is . It looks just like the picture of the Gardman 4-tier mini greenhouse
 I bought this from a local hardware store . It goes together easily , but it 's flimsy and the frame pieces do n't lock together . Every time it got windy , the thing fell over and broke part . The plastic cover does n't withstand much . After a couple of years in the sun and getting knocked over by the wind a lot of times , I finally threw it out .
 The plastic parts on this product are extremely brittle/cheap . Two pieces broke during assembly .
 My roommate bought this greenhouse for me as a birthday gift this spring . I received it and immediately put it to work ! -LRB- late April , 2012 -RRB- Initially I was estatic because it seemed perfect for my needs and , while I was very careful not to overload it , seemed very sturdy.It was late June that it disintegrated on me . The hard plastic shelves actually seemed to have ripped under the weight of a few herb seedlings . It was outside , but located in a shaded spot.I have contacted Gardman . They have not responded.Bad product . Bad customer service . Spend your money elsewhere .
 I had high hopes for this product but they all came tumbling down 2 days after I set it up . We put it all together per the instructions and it looked nice . We put 6 items on it , 1 being very light weight cardboard type planters , and came home to find it had all collapsed . The bars had bent and the plastic where the bars insert had ripped . The exterior plastic was the only thing salvageable . Very disappointed hoping we can get our money back or at least a replacement .
 Great deal ... . BUT the rack is extremely weak . I do n't know exactly what type of plants this was meant for I put an 18 '' rectangular box on the first shelf -LRB- bottom -RRB- and all was fine then another on the second shelf and it immediately tipped over , breaking my seedlings . It must be on perectly level ground and I would suggest getting some gorilla glue for the posts which do not fit snug in the holes . I finally had to give up because the breeze was making it sway and I did n't want to lose more plants . I guiess you get what you pay for . The green house bag is awesome I will use it with another more sturdy shelf .
 This is very easy to put together unfortunately that 's the only good thing about this product . Within two weeks maybe three both zippers broke , I actually held the plastic together with duct tape . I 'm going to save my money and buy a decent product from gardeners.com sorry Amazon .
 I was looking for a small outside -LRB- for the sun -RRB- greenhouse to start seeds and bulbs . This one is very light and will tilt over with the lightest amount of wind . My seeds and plants were a mess with dirt all over the place and the wind was n't even mentioned on the news -LRB- thats how mild it was -RRB- . The stand itself was broken on the bottom and now it leans . I would not recommend this to anyone unless you like picking up dirt , and replanting the same seeds over again . We put bricks at the bottom , and moved it to a less open location hopefully this will work .
 This is the worst piece of crap I have ever ordered . The poles do n't fit tightly in the holes and the whole thing constantly falls apart . The return policy of the seller states that if you open the box and assemble , you ca n't return it ! And there 's a 20 % restocking fee . How are you to know it 's no good unless you open the box . DO N'T BUY !
 This shelf is very poorly made - none of the members are continuous , meaning that it is very unstable . I tried to use it as directed , used the zip ties , and did not overload the shelves . It fell over !! It was very wobbly and it just toppled over . It killed all of my plants .
 The clear plastic has begun to disintegrate after less than a year outdoors ; so it 's useless now as a `` greenhouse . ''
 I had purchased another Gardman greenhouse , which I am extremely pleased with , so I thought I 'd try this one . I did n't notice that the other one is a steel framed greenhouse , and that this one is not . Please DO NOT buy this product . The frame cracked within a month . It is still standing but is leaning and one good windstorm would blow it down . The outer tent is fine , but the frame is a cheaply made and is just plain junk !
 I bought this as a gift for my mom . When I tried to assemble it , I realized two of the horizontal bars that support the shelves were missing from the box . I called the company in Georgia and they gave me a bunch of excuses but said they would ship me two of the missing bars that week . After 10 days had passed , I called them again and they had no record of my first conversation with them and told me that they 're currently waiting for more spare parts . The product is made in China so they have to get the stuff from the factory there . The customer service people do n't care that I bought a product that I ca n't actually use because of the missing parts .
 We own 4 of these units . They are very light weight and fairly sturdy . However , the zippers on all but 1 of them has broken and we have to use tape , to seal the plastic . We have been very careful not to abuse these poor zippers in any way . Yet these zippers have not held up . Thank God for Dock Tape .
 First the pros . Item arrived very quickly after I ordered it and assembled very quickly for anyone with basic building skills - less then 20 minutes . Now the cons . This 4 Tier Growhouse is very cheaply constructed with cheap plastic cross members , one of which broke as I tapped one of the metal poles into the bracket during the initial assembly . The tie downs that attach the plastic cover to the growhouse are also very cheap and fray very easily . The whole growhouse is very light and not very sturdy . I assumed some of this could be true after reading other reviews detailing that it would blow away in the wind if you didnt weight it down , but I still wasnt prepared for this poor of a design . I believe this , like other growhouses , will work and be good thing for seedings and plants , but I paid $ 40 for this model as I had hoped a little extra money would mean a better product . But after seeing it assembled , and already broken , I wouldnt pay more then $ 20 for this , as it will probably get the job done but not last very long and definitely NOT worth $ 40 . I wouldnt recommend this to anyone . Try another model or go down to your local greenhouse and check out in person the ones they sell , as these are common items these days .
 Instructions where poor or at 75 I 've missed something . Save your $ & grab the file .
 I thought a fire ring should be a circle . There is no way to make this thing into a circle . Worst piece of junk I ever bought . More chinese junk .
 The firepit was fine for the first few months , then all of a sudden , a leg fell off . I thought it was a loose screw or something , but it turned out that an entire chunk of the metal fell off where the leg was secured . There was a large hole in the bottom of the pit . The metal is very brittle and low quality . Avoid this piece of junk .
 Very poor construction . I purchased this for my husband and the first time he put it together to use it broke . He was wheeling it down the driveway and the entire leg snapped off creating a hole in the bottom . Do not purchase this ! We had another fire pit that lasted for years and was very durable . This was not the same quality and will not last .
 Loved the design , but the bowl is too brittle and will not last . My first one broke at the wheel mount after 6 uses . The replacement -LRB- provided free by them after several customer service calls -RRB- cracked wide open after about another half-dozen uses . Simply not durable enough to last more than a half-season . I bought this instead : Landmann Northern Lights Outdoor Fireplace -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I paid about $ 16.50 for the flags -LRB- 3 of them -RRB- and 25.99 for shipping -- is n't this TOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO much for shipping ?
 Got this flag for a shadow box , military style for an employee of my organization who had completed 2 tours in Iraq and 1 tour in Afghanistan . I was disappointed at the quality , not at all what I expected .
 We got this picnic basket for our 8-year old who asked Santa for it . She wants to have picnics with her friends in the backyard . It is nice that it comes with all of the items needed for the picnic so we did not have to add anything to it to make th basket functional for her picnics . And we just removed the wine opener . However , there are lots of sharp ends on the wicker part of the basket that we are nipping off so she does not scratch herself , and the twist clasp closure is a little hard to do unless it is in the perfect position .
 The True Temper shovel did the trick for me . I needed a high volume delivery shovel to move the large amounts of leaves that fall from my 150 year old oak tree . The shovel holds four times more than the ones I already owned.The quality seemed good at first . Now I notice that after owning it for one month and using it 3 times to shovel leaves , the plastic D handle is cracked . Not a sign of good quality . Also , I can not see any indication of where it was made . Suspect it is of Chinese origin.Easy John
 The doormat looked beautiful but one of the swirls had what looked like a crack in it . Rather than drag it back to the post office and shipping it back , I put it out . Sure enough , a few weeks later I was standing on it and the piece cracked off . My own fault for not sending it back in the first place .
 Extremely disappointed with this mat - expected it to be heavy duty but the paint chipped within 1 week . Of course it 's too heavy to mail back .
 This was so poorly made I was shocked ... There was glue sticking out everywhere , chips of wood missing , the sides didnt match up and there was glue pouring out of the cracks . All the `` holes '' are blocked in so the birds cant actually go in this feeder which would be fine if the outside had enough room to put plenty of food in it but it does not ... I would not recommend this product to anyone
 My friend and I run a preschool called Noah 's Ark , so we are always looking for new `` ark '' related items to display . I was very excited when I saw this adorable birdhouse and could n't wait to have it as a Christmas gift for our classroom . Imagine my surprise when I opened the box to discover a colorless , birdhouse covered in so much moss that you could n't even see the structure . The item delivered to me is a sad representative for the one pictured in the photo . I am relatively crafty so I have opted to keep the item so that I can fix it to my liking . However , for anyone who wants to order the object shown in the photo ... forget it and look elsewhere !
 1 . its not a bird feeder - no place for birds or seed all blocked off2 . can not go out doors - the material would get destroyed , and the paint would come off3 . horrible packing - got it in a box with 2 holes in it , i open it to find out that there 's no packing that was shipped along with it so the boat ends ripped threw the box.so over all its not bad but it promised a little more than what was received .
 Noah 's ark birdhouse - Style 31248This is not a birdhouse ! There is no room for a bird to nest or to place birdseed as a feeder . Very poorly constructed and would never survive the elements . Cute idea , hopefully someone will produce a better designed and constructed one -LRB- hint , hint -RRB- .
 This is not a birdhouse that would survive in the outdoors , especially on a LIGHT windy day . It is cheaply made , and is more appropriate as indoor decoration .
 I 'm very disappointed in this product . The picture on the website is misleading in my opinion . When I unpacked the head from the container I noticed immediately that the blood surrounding the head curled up like the brim of a hat almost the entire way around . I tried placing weights on it and even used clothes pins to make it lay flat but nothing made even the slightest improvement . It looked like the blood was levitating around the edges from the head . Eventually I trimmed the rubber with a scissors in the most offending places but the effect was still the same . LAME !
 The flag I received was poorly constructed . The stripes were n't the same size and the stitching was crooked and huge . Unfortunately I bought this item by default because there were n't any other pride flags in this size that I could find on the Internet . Good luck .
 I made the mistake of buying this trimmer last year . Right out of the box I had to adjust the valves to get it to run properly . After about 3-4 months of use , the carb was gummed up thanks to the high ethanol content of our fuels . I had to tear the whole carb down , clean it , reassemble it , and then it ran fine for a few more months . Rinse , wash repeat.This weekend I decided to clear a large area . One of the clutch retracting springs broke . After chasing a spring down that worked , I got the unit back together , only to start having problems with the speed spool head . Basically the lines break off right inside the head , and this happens ever 5 minutes or so , no matter how proactive you area about bump feeding more line.All in all , I do n't think there is a worse trimmer on the market .
 They evidently updated this product so that it will start reliably and quite easily . I purchased it because it was a 4-cycle and it had the detachable shaft to work with my existing accessories . The problem with this beast is 1 -RRB- it has no shoulder strap , 2 -RRB- is has * heavy * vibration . There is no vibration padding on either of the handles . 4-cycle engines are supposed to be balanced and smooth . This one is clearly not . As the rpm increases the vibration only gets much worse . I 'm returning it to the store after only 20 minutes of use .
 It stinks till they fix it do n't buy one trust me line get warped Around head and stalls motor Junk junk junk junk that is all I can say hope this is 20 words !
 Purchased this unit 2 years ago , difficult start from out of the box , became worse with time ; I am relatively strong but the pull start was eratic & the recoil bruised my hand on several occasions . Last year while using unit I noticed moisture on my hand and discovered a defective bubble in gas line which had produced a pin hole stream of gas while running , fixed that but unit still internally dripped fuel and oil . Recently sent to Home Depot for service as it quit running , repair company has had this unit for over 3 weeks they now say unsure what needs replacement , they will have to try a few different parts and get back to me with a repair cost in hopefully a week or two . I have decided to refuse repairs and sent it to recycle world , bite the bullet buy a quality unit .
 Shame on me for not researching this weed triming before purchasing . It is heavy , hard to start , but worst of all , the engine seized after only using it twice . Upon taking it in to an authorized dealer for repair , they blamed me for not keeping the oil level to it 's proper level . -LRB- not so . oil was just below top of filler hole -RRB- Troy-Built does not stand behind their product . So much for spending the extra bucks to get a good one . I will never buy another troy-built product .
 I bought this a 2 years ago and was having trouble with the bump head . I wanted to replace it with a new universal one but you can not . There is no way to do it , now I have nothing more than a noise maker that does nothing . Look else where and buy a brand you can replace parts on because Troy Built does not let you .
 This is the worst piece of lawn and garden equipment that I 've ever bought -LRB- and I have a lot -RRB- . I ca n't wait until it completely stops working so I can buy something else . This junk started screwing up just after 3 house trims ... leaking oil from the air filter , loss of power and not idling . $ 60 bucks in repair shop and had to upgrade trimmer head $ 50 ... still malfunctioning after 1 month . Cost me 30 to 45 minutes extra time per cut messing with this product .
 Only one BIG issue with this unit . I spend more time unjamming the line than I do actually cutting . I go about 30 feet and then one side of line falls off , then about 10 feet later , the other falls out . I have to take off the line cover , pull out the string , re-insert into into the feed holes and then put back together . It then repeats the same thing about 30 feet later . It really adds a lot more time ... . It triples the time that it would take if the line would just feed correctly ...
 Very hard to start . Pull cord frequently jams , requiring a lot of strength to pull hard enough to clear jam.Nearly impossible to start when hot . If you run out of gas , often you need to let the trimmer completely cool down -LRB- waste of time -RRB- in order to get it running again . Line provided jams often . I spent more time clearing line jams than trimming . This happened with preloaded line cartridges as well as with winding my own line onto spool.I did use it on a half acre lot + hill -LRB- hard use -RRB- for 15 months . At that point , bump head wore thru . Ordered the replacement part online -LRB- by part number , cross-referenced by trimmer model/part/serial number -RRB- . It did n't fit . Went to Lowe 's -LRB- where I bought the trimmer -RRB- and located replacement part . Same one as I ordered online . The unit was still under warranty , but so what ? I did n't want another one . This time I actually read online reviews and bought a high end Craftsman which I am very happy with . I wo n't buy another Troy-Bilt product anytime soon .
 It must be a sign of the times that Amazon is still selling these `` things '' as they do n't last long enough to be called a trimmer.To give you an idea of what is happening to this country , this machine is the perfect example.We are talking about a product that if it has n't hurt anyone yet , it is only a matter of time before it does , and if you happen to do yard work with your kids outside , GOD help you.This is a CLASS ACTION LAWSUIT if there ever was one.This thing throws string and plastic from the string spool disintegrating while in use.I bought mine at LOWE 'S and after talking to the manager he actually gave me a cash refund without even having a receipt , the guy was an honest , concerned citizen , Troy-Bilt would be well advised to hire this fellow.I used the string that was installed when I got it . Like allot of the other `` suckers '' I made the mistake of going for an American product for some reason.This product has the potential to kill you if you operate it as the instructions tell you to.I have shopped at AMAZON for years and believe they are a better company than this , DO SOMETHING , BEFORE SOMEONE LOSES A CHILD .
 I went to Lowes looking for the best gasoline weedeater . Advised by the garden area expert I purchased the Troy Bilt 575ec . It never ran properly . loosing power . I returned it for the same one thinking it was a lemon . The second one had problems with the head and kept getting the string tangled inside . Lowes replaced it without any problem . My 3rd one developed a severe oil leak after less than 10 hours use . I disassembled it and found a crack in the casing . I will be returning it to Lowes to see what can be done . If it ca n't be returned I will be leaving it in their dumpster . Troy Bilt is off my good list .
 After about four times using it in the yard the upper flexible shaft broke . Just try to get warranty service - NOT . So I decided to replace it myself . But the part is not listed as replaceable ! This thing is heavy , unbalanced and difficult to use at best . Give me back my John Deere 2 cycle any day of the week !
 We bought this weed eater from Lowe 's in March . It lasted 3 months . While my husband was weed eating the yard he heard a noise and smelled something burning . It would not start again . We called the warranty number and was told to take it to a local warranty dealer . It has been in the shop almost 2 months waiting for him to hear back from Troy-Bilt . Hello ... We bought it because we needed it . Now it 's been almost two months without a weed eater . What do they expect me to do ? Get out there and weed eat with a pair of scissors ?!?!?! We have a very small yard so it was n't used very long at each use . The warranty dealer said he has been getting a lot of these in his shop . Many people are having lots of problems with it . Something on the inside melted together on ours . Wish I had done a little research before I wasted over $ 200 on this piece of junk !!!! Save your money !!!! DO NOT BUY THIS WEED EATER !!!!!
 I wish I read the reviews prior to purchase . After less than a year of light use the pull start became fouled up , so I had it brought in for warranty repair . I am now approaching 3 months and still do not have my machine . The shop advised that TroyBilt uses MTD for their parts , and based on their experience , either you get the part right away or it takes forever . I was told it would be a few weeks initially ... 3 months -LRB- and possibly counting -RRB- is completely unacceptable . I was told Stihl or Husqvarna are the way to go . I will NEVER buy another TroyBilt product .
 It is a lot heavier than my old 2 stroke , It starts well cold but will not restart when it hot .
 I have been using string trimmers since the 80s and this bump head is the worst I have ever used . If fact it is so bad , could not use it . So , spent the extra $ 50 and got upgraded trimmer head - it actually works - but for an extra $ 50 . Now that I can get the unit to trim , the engine only runs for about 20 minutes in the 90 degree heat of SC . My guess is that I am getting a vapor lock . And the gas just came from the station so its ` fresh ` Troy-bilt has a 4 cycle blower I was going to bite on - no way.Don ' t buy Troy-bilt .
 I bought a Troybilt rototiller years ago and found it to be a solid performer . It was extremely well built , easy to start , and worked extremely well . When I needed a new trimmer , I thought I 'd go with a Troybilt product because of my previous experience . Well , this trimmer is a major disappointment . On my first outing , the head fell apart and the not all of the parts could be found . I contacted Troybilt and found new parts were out of stock . I ended up waiting 4 weeks to get a new head . This time , the string fed out constantly rather than only when the head was bumped -- and it fell apart also . This , along with an engine that was very hard to start caused me to unload this lemon and buy a Stihl . I think when MTD took over , the quality really deteriorated .
 i have had a lot of time on a weed eater . i live on a large farm and have had lot of time this is the biggest piece of junk on the place . it is heavy , under powered , adn does not run smooth at all . i do not recommend this weed eater to anyone .
 Save your money !!!!! After going thru cheap gas trimmers like disposable lighters , I thought I 'd bite the bullet and buy a good one . Well , after spending $ 199.00 for this troy built , I thought this would last me a while . WRONG !!! I pruchased it from Fleet Farm in Chippewa Falls WI . While using it my third time , I heard a terrible noise , and it suddenly quit . Returning to the store with it , they told me I abused it , and there was nothing they could do -LRB- trimming weeds is abuse ?! - isnt that what this is supposed to do ? -RRB- So another $ 109.00 later , it now had a new flywheel . Tried it again - after about 15 minutes use , there was that horrible noise again , and another sudden stop . I called Troy Built , and was told to take a hike , it was my problem , and they would do nothing for me , but I could send it in and they would install another flywheel for me - Another $ 109.00 + shipping . My nice new Troy built trimmer now occupies its rightful spot at the local landfill , along with the $ 308.00 it cost me for about 1-1/2 hours use . Along with the putrid performance of this piece of garbage goes the total lack of service by the selling dealer , FARM AND FLEET in chippewa falls.If youre thinking of buying one of these trimmers - DONT DO IT - it is an expensive paperweight , with absolutely no customer service .
 I recently purchased and quickly took this trimmer back . I first thought that having a 4 cyle engine was a good thing . Not . First it is very unbalanced and heavy . Second , it is very difficult to start . Third , you are told in the manual to disassemble the engine every 10 hours and adjust the valves . If you do n't feel comfortable doing that , they suggest paying money to have it done . What ?!!! Oh , they also tell you to make sure you replace the valve cover gasket everytime you do this . The engine was anything but smooth running and replacing the line is a real pain . This product just is n't well engineered . Buyer beware as this is an MTD product which does not have a good reputation for quality products or service .
 If I could give this product zero stars I would . I did some research last summer and bought this trimmer at Lowes . It has not worked right since I took it out of the box . This being our first house , I thought maybe it was operator error . Think again . This trimmer is poorly designed all around . It is heavy and not balanced well at all . The bump feed head does not work and has to be cleaned every time I use it . The lines frequently get welded together in side of the spool necessitating that you take the whole thing apart , pull out the old line and replace it . It if does n't get welded , it still wo n't feed the line through . Now , it wo n't idle . I have tried cleaning the air filter , checking the oil and adjusting the idle screw , but it still wo n't idle . This trimmer increases the time it takes to just edge your lawn because you have to stop so often and fix the line . We have only had this trimmer for two summers and I HATE it !! Save your money and run away from this poor product .
 DO N'T BUY Troy-Built or MTD Products outdoor equipment !! On this model -LRB- and I suspect others -RRB- the top drive shaft is defective ; as others have mentioned here and other places on internet , it wears out after only about 2 years , right when the warranty quits . I called customer service and spoke with Van -LRB- 800-800-7310 -RRB- . He claims that the unit worked as it should for 2 years under the warranty ; that the drive shaft is designed for 2 years worth of service and that it is a wear and tear item that needs to be replaced from time to time . I told him that is ridiculous , then he hung-up on me . Nice ... With a defective driveshaft -LRB- $ 45 + shipping -RRB- , the rest of the unit is useless . I will have to throw it away and purchase a non MTD related replacement . There are other machines for same money that are better . I would certainly stay away from anything Troy-built , or under the umbrella of MTD Products . Customer service will stonewall you forever ; they must go home everynight worried that their company will be there in the morning .
 I do n't know who Troy is but he sure builds terrible stuff ! Our expensive weed eater only lasted a couple of uses .
 I am getting ready to return this unit to Lowes . It is the worst starting piece of equipment I have ever owned . It takes many brisk pulls of the starter rope -LRB- ten or more -RRB- to get the engine running . This piece of equipment should not be on the market .
 I do n't own this trimmer , but I have seen alot of reviews of all the box store low-grade trimmers and can attest that they can be tricky to start . Most of these trimmers need to have the carbs adjusted , the factory can not tune for all the areas that they are being sold , I have never bought a trimmer like this that did ` nt need any fine tuning.Alot of people feel they need to re-prime after it 's been sitting for 10 minutes . . do that and it definately wo n't start.Choke it too much when warm and you will flood it and it wo n't start.These are n't computer-controlled with fuel injection.I have a 4-stroke built by Ryobi , possibly the parent company of this trimmer ... do n't know for sure and it 's finnicky when starting . You have to choke it a little when warm sometimes but just barely , then gradually work the choke to open while giving it gas . Poor design possibly but the vibration from the 4-cycles will have you reaching for the 2-strokes again . I like the 4-stroke for the torque on the saw attachments but too much vibes for string trimming.I would go with an Echo , Husqvarna or a Stihl , spend $ 250 on a higher end model and do n't look back.Buy two crappy trimmers and you have spent more than a good one .
 A friend of mine bought one of these -LRB- new -RRB- for our church . It is extremely difficult to start , both when it is cold and when it has been running . It appears to be starved for fuel since it starts OK if primed with starting fluid . The spark is fine , the plug is gapped correctly , the carb is totally clean with no blocked orifices . You can adjust the idle but not the mixture . Your best bet -LRB- unless you use starting fluid -RRB- is to keep on pulling , praying and prostrating yourself before the Lord , begging forgiveness for the new cuss words you create . Then , it might just start.If it does , God help you if you shut it off .
 used once and o.k. it didnt rain for a month and didnt have to mow for 4 weeks . 30 days past used for second time and bump head broke . got a new one broke again , and again . no return past 30 days . DO NOT BUY !
 I do n't remember a product or brand with which I was so dissatisfied . I purchased this model from a local home improvement store . First , the engine took a very long time to warm up
 Extremely difficult to start . I 've followed the instructions to at `` T '' and usually have to use starting fluid to get it going.The `` bump to feed line '' feature sucks . When I bump it on the ground it feeds way too much line , thus wrapping around the shaft and stalling . I 'm using the correct -LRB- .095 -RRB- line.I 've had string trimmers for many years and this is by far the worst . I should have taken it back to Lowes when I purchased it but I thought I 'd give it a chance - what a mistake.I believe Troy-Bilt was purchased by another company - that 's often the kiss of death for a good product line - it certainly was in this case . As another reviewer stated , `` I wish I could rate with no stars '' - I concur .
 this thing will kill you trying to get it started , first pump the primer until the fuel flows then choke it fully and pull until you almost have a heart attack or until you hear it sputter . open the choke half way and pull until you stroke out , if it sputters start from the beginning again . when IF it starts rev it up and adjust the choke for max rpm which will not be open because the retarded engineers jetted the thing too jean and allowed NO ADJUSTMENT probebly due to EPA regs.most of the time you will expend more energy trying to get it running than it would take you to bend over and pull the weeds out.RUN AWAY from TROY BUILT Anything .
 compared to a my previously owned and more affordable 2-cycle Poulan weed eater this Troy bilt is a waste of money.PROs - powerful engine ; no need to mix fuel and oil ; EZ quick coupling allows different tool attachments and for compact storageCONs - very heavy -LRB- after just ten minutes i experienced severe lower back pain and fore arm fatigue -RRB- , very expensive , initial start can be very difficult -LRB- after several successful starts you can get the `` feel '' for the right fuel air mixture by using the choke accordingly ; or in other words dont follow the written instructions verbatim -RRB- , very loud when compared to a 2 cycle string trimmer , excessive vibration , and if you are short in stature this straight shaft is a bit unwieldly becuase of its length . i have to cradle this trimmer using an underhand grip to get the best angle when trimming close to the ground . the underhand grip method also relieves most of the lower back pain i always experience and instead transfers more of the load to your biceps and stronger upper back muscles.i 've had this for one year and so far is it has not stopped working for me yet . its the only reason i give it two stars instead of one.UPDATE 11/2012
 CAVEAT EMPTOR wrote : `` Save your money !!!!! After going thru cheap gas trimmers like disposable lighters , I thought I 'd bite the bullet and buy a good one . Well , after spending $ 199.00 for this troy built , I thought this would last me a while . WRONG !!! `` Thought he 'd bite the bullet and buy a good one ... What a joke !!! If you want a good one , look and see what the Lawn Care Pros are useing ... Bet it wo n't be a POS Troy Built ...
 Troy-Bilt 17-Inch 29cc 4-Cycle Gas Powered Straight Shaft String Trimmer With SpeedLock #TB 575SSI should have read Amazon reviews . I did n't and bought this from a big box store yesterday . I tried for 4 hours to get this thing started to no avail . It is going back today .
 I bought my trimmer from Lowe 's on March 15th 2007 , I was using it on 4/20/2009 -LRB- warranty ended on 3/14/2009 -RRB- , heard a loud noise and it abruptly stopped , oil began running out of the power head , that 's generally not a good sign . Just ordered me an Echo , I hear those work ... I will never purchase another Troy built or MTD product again , I should have learned my lesson after my MTD riding lawn mower purchase .
 The product seems to be powerful , but is very difficult to start versus my prior weed trimmer . Usually takes 10-15 pulls to get this thing started . Considering the sticker on the side of the unit indicates how many times to pull start at each of the choke levels , I assume the difficulty in starting is a feature of the unit . Also , the trimmer is surprisingly heavy . I 'm plenty strong and able to handle the weight , but the effort to start the unit is a bit annoying . From looking at the back of the unit , it appears there may be a starter that may be purchased separately . It does n't seem like you should need a starter for a weed trimmer.My 12 year old son used to handle the weed trimming , but because of this purchase , I am back in the business until he is a bit bigger.The plastic black handle on the unit slides a bit also -LRB- even when properly tightened -RRB- . Considering how heavy this thing is , it would be nice to have a bit more secure handle . The unit seems to be pretty heavy duty , so I might be stuck with this thing for some time -LRB- unless I get so annoyed I purchase another unit -RRB- . Ordering with Amazon with easy and delivery was ahead of schedule.Good luck .
 Even though my trimmer is just starting it 's third season , I 've used it less than a dozen times . For my first use this summer , it was a little difficult to pull the starter cord . After about the third pull , the starter stripped out . I called Troy-Bilt and the service technician said I probably did n't properly maintain the engine . Even though my trimmer is two years old , it 's not had any use to speak of . What happened to being able to buy a quality product ?
 For a relatively expensive weed trimmer this thing has been a failure from the start.The bump head ca n't go 1 minute without either getting tangled or even more annoying losing one if its strings inside the head . The head then needs to be taken apart and re-strung . Only a 5 minute process but I spend more time re-stringing the head than actually trimming grass.The overweight and out of balance engine shakes the whole unit and creates a buzzing that before long will numb your hands . This may be compiled with the fact that you 're only cutting with one string because the second string has been sucked back into the head and since you 're sick of fixing it you just tough it out hoping that the 2 '' of string remaining will hold off long enough to finish that 5 foot section that is left ... . it wo n't , I can promise you ...
 I have owned this trimmer for a couple of summers and gotten much less use out of that I thought I would . Many of the same problems I have had , it looks like other reviewers have had as well . Difficult to start and difficult to keep running . Typically once it stops running I ca n't get it going again until several hours later . The line gets welded inside . I wish I had back the multiple hours I have spent trying to keep this trimmer running and re-loading the line . My neighbors will probably pay for a new trimmer for me as my yard seems like it is always is in need of trimming due to the unreliability of this product !
 My son wanted to buy me a trimmer for my Birthday -LRB- thanks son -RRB- so we went to Lowes to pick one out . After comparing options and prices , and with the suggestion of a `` professional '' landscaper who just happened to be there also , we picked up the Troy Bilt 4-Cycle straight shaft TBP6040.After getting the unit home , and putting it together -LRB- a challenge -RRB- , and getting the oil into it , I fueled it up and tried to start it . Well , I finally got it started and tried to use it . It ran like it just was n't quite getting upto full speed . I 'm not a mechanic , but it sounded like the choke , or throttle , or something was sticking , or not operating correctly . After a day or two I called Lowes to see if they had someone who could `` adjust '' the engine . They said to bring it in and they would exchange it . So , I exchanged it.Well , I brought the second unit home , put it together , and started it . The second one ran better , but I still do n't think it is correct . One of these days I will break down and take it in for adjustment.Now , my major complaint is the design flaw at the bottom of the shaft . The way this is designed it allows long grass to wind around the exposed area of the spinning shaft . This builds up and actually binds up the shaft to the point of stalling the engine . When trimming longer grass , -LRB- which I do frequently -RRB- you may spend as much or more time clearing twisted grass from around the shaft at the bottom as you do running the trimmer from the top . So much for time savings.Also , if you are not extremely careful and allow the back of your bare elbow to touch the front of the engine , it can be extremely hot !!! You ca n't rest your elbow here for long . If you do n't mind wearing long sleeves this may not be a problem.Overall , I do n't think I can in good conscience recommend this unit to buy . This unit has just too many flaws for me to recommend it .
 Best 4-cycle trimmer I 've owned was a Ryobi Professional Series 1079r which lasted several seasons before the clutch went out . Since then , it 's been a downhill slide . As Ryobi had changed hands since the 1079r model and reviews were looking poorly for their new products , I purchased this Troy-bilt TB575SS model to replace the Ryobi 1079r . This Troy-bilt TB575SS had decent power and lasted just over one season with the motor failing early in it 's second season , which happens to have been last season . When the TB575SS died early last season , I went out and splurged on a Troy-bilt Professional Series TBP6040 XP . Figured paying for the `` Professional Series '' again might buy me a few seasons of reliable operation , right ? Wrong !!! After about 3 months of use , the TBP6040 XP starter would no longer pull . I 'm guessing the problem with the TBP6040 XP is likely in the pull starter as every once in a great while it will free up and let me start it only to find it locked up again the next time I try it . So , in frustration with Troy-Bilt , I went back to Ryobi to finish out the season by purchasing a Ryobi S430 which has ended up being the biggest lemon of all . The Ryobi S430 I purchased was near impossible to start , but I did manage to get it to sputter to life and run for one trimming session near the end of last season ... after which I was never able to get it to start again . I was so hacked off that I let the trimming go for the rest of last year and the start of this year ... until now . I 'm so disgusted with string trimmers I 've put this purchase off as long as possible , but I 've got to do something now before the neighbors run me out of the neighborhood . So anyway , I 'm going to go back to Troy-Bilt and give the 590BC a try as the reviews seem to be pretty positive , though there are not yet as many reviews for the product as I would like to see . Will be sure to report in on the 590BC as I use it this season and , hopefully , for seasons to come !
 Like many reviewers this trimmer has given me trouble that no one seems to be able to fix . The trimmer is almost three years old and the head spits out about two feet of line every time you rev the engine . Replacing the inner spool , cleaning the head , using different string , etc. , made no difference . Talking with Troy-Bilt tech support was not helpful . The service tech knew less than I did about the design of the head . So now I have a perfectly good motor on one end and a useless string trimmer on the other . I should mention this problem started suddenly . Prior to the line spurting out the unit functioned very well . It still starts easily . When new , it was hard to start and would quit frequently . As it got more broken in it ran flawlessly . The trimmer IS HEAVY . If you are a bit frail get something lighter .
 After going to get the special gas required ; and following the ten steps required before every start ; and holding down the throttle for the required 60 seconds before actual use - this thing sputtered and died with each attempt to get it past half choke . After letting my shoulder recover and trying again it would n't start at all.Looking at the number of bad reviews here , `` Troybilt '' -LRB- or whatever shoddy manufactuerer wears the Troybilt name -RRB- should never have let this product out . It makes me suspicious of all their products .
 After reading these reviews , it brought back many memories over the 7 years I have owned this trimmer . Everything everyone says is true . This thing is VERY finicky and difficult to start and keep running . I kept searching for consistent patterns of how to work the choke based on the weather -LRB- hot , cold , humid -RRB- , but never found any . The instructions provided DO NOT WORK . If you 're lucky enough to get it running , DO N'T STOP ! The bump line feed mechanism never worked at all . Count on manually feeding the line constantly , and opening up the mechanism frequently to unclog it . Always leave the engine RUNNING while you do this . The gas lines are very cheap , break easily , and are very difficult to repair . Grass gets tangled around the shaft . It 's very heavy and vibrates a lot . In general , this is a nightmare . I spent more time working on it and trying to get it to start than using it . Only 3 good things
 I purchased a TB575ss from Ace Hardware . Took the first one back because it would not start . the replacement started but it starts missing and the power drops if I use it for more than a few minutes . Then it becomes harder and harder to start . If I let it cool down it works better but never as good as the first few minutes of the initial start . Very frustrating to use and get my work done in a timely manner . I would never recommend Troy-Bilt products if my weed eater is an indication of how their products perform .
 This is the worst trimmer I have ever owned . Impossible to start . Troy bult is now making junk . I will never ever buy another of their products . Very cheaply made . The spring assist starter does not seem to exist . Troy bilt should change their name to boy bilt . A child must have designed this
 Great product idea but engine wo n't start when hot . So , when it runs out of gas and you try to restart forget it .
 Like others have said , this machine breaks down after warranty . Very difficult to start , so i bought the electric starter , that helped a lot . but the pull starter separates from the machine if you run into rough grass . I fixed it my self but did n't last long . I am trying to find a parts catalog to get that part now . If I had to do it again , I would have researched the product better , and spent the money on a dependable machine . This one is not .
 I have been using Troy Bilt 4-Cycle weed eaters for over a decade . A couple of years back the engine of a Troy Bilt 4-Cycle I had with a multitude of hours on it gave out . I go to Lowes get a 575ec . Head gasket must have not been seated properly . Blew oil for the 4 or 5 hours I used it . Took it back to Lowes for another . In the interim , a friend who had the same model was so POed at engine malfunctions , he gave me his curved shaft attachment . His upper engine component had been deposited in a dumpster . When I finally got my new model running correctly , the first time the speed spool -LRB- Red -RRB- runs out of line and is recharged as per manual , the line spins out at record speed , lasting about 20 feet down the sidewalk . Wind the line the opposite direction . Retreats into spool . Attach other shaft . Runs fine until line is out . Same drill as original shaft speed spool . Very , very aggravating . Contact Troy Bilt for a solution . They send me a video link that only reinforces the method of recharging line I had been employing . Now I only use this unit with a blower attachment . I will be purchasing a Stihl tomorrow to mitigate the frustration and lost hours in the yard.Total POS equipment and component design . The designer of the Red Speed Spool should return to erector sets and leave real mechanical design to those who are qualified . Troy Bilt/MTD should be ashamed for marketing this type of equipment to the contemporary consumer .
 Do not buy . Biggest hassle ever . On the first use the plastic spool broke and the web site does not recognize the part number . Scrap it and buy a different brand altogether . Never buy a Troy Built or a Cub cadet anything .
 We ordered this product on April 3rd , expecting it to reach our Mother relatively soon , considering we selected two day shipping . At the point when we ordered it , it was not supposed to be out of stock . However , it is now May 19th , and our shipping estimate has been changed to June 14 , 2006 - June 28 , 2006 , with a Delivery estimate of June 16 , 2006 - June 30 , 2006 . As you might expect , we are not at all happy , and as it was a belated birthday gift to begin with , this has caused us great inconvenience . If you order this , expect to check your account and watch the shipping estimates get repeatedly delayed.-two angry customers
 The butterflies are attractive , although the gold/yellow one is nearly opaque . Unfortunately , the design is prone to breaking . The butterlies are heavy and subject to movement in the wind , but they are held in place on their stakes with a poorly welded clasp that can not be repaired if broken.My green butterfly snapped within a week of being place on my terrace . I finally hung it in a window -LRB- sans stake -RRB- because I could not get it on to the mounting stake and bringing in to be welded would be a foolish exercise for such an inexpensive item.I would think the smaller butterflies by the same manufacturer would be equally attractive and less susceptible to breaking.Bob
 I bought two sets with the matching fold-out table . They arrived within a few days as expected . The chairs looked good when I took them out of the box and set them up , but they developed large cracks within 3 weeks . The cracks ran longitudinally up the legs and happened even after I had oiled them . I returned the chairs for a refund .
 Purchased these chairs to go along with a table I recently refinished . They are very cheaply made . Held together by only 6 small bolts . When you sit in them they feel like they are going to fall apart . Very unhappy and not worth it . I doubt they 'll last a year before one breaks .
 The chairs assemble easily enough -LRB- they come in 3 parts - the seat , the front legs and the back legs -RRB- - however , beware that the bolts come loose way too easily and you 'll need to keep the tool handy to retighten them often . I may get out some Gorilla Glue -LRB- wonderful stuff once it foams and dries -RRB- to strengthen the structure of the chairs .
 These chairs are such poor quality I do n't think I will ever let anyone actually sit on them , I am afraid that they will colapse and dump them onto the floor . It is too much trouble to return them so I will just set them aside or throw them away .
 Look good but are not sturdy - they wobble . I had to brace the back and bottom to beef up , luckly using outdoors so am not too fussy . Not a good value .
 I bought these chairs in Q4 2010 . The design is flawed and there is no way to assemble these chairs w/o the chair being unstable.I would not recommending getting these chair . They are cheap , look good but what good is that if the chair wobbles . I even tried glueing the back to the front but even that did not help . Should have listened to other reviews on this chair .
 It did n't work well at all . I tried several different types of scissors with little to no improvement on the blades . For paying only a few bucks I should n't have expected much .
 Do not waste your money on this small item . The larger Fiskar Sharpener is a better purchase for the money .
 Took a chance on and was disappointed in this sharpener . Despite much patience and taking my time -LRB- per one reviewer -RRB- , I noticed only a slight and short-lived sharpening of my medium size scissors .
 This is a piece of junk and is absolutely useless . It went to the trash . It never worked for us .
 Scissors do n't get sharp as expected and the sharpening effects are highly uneven . Expected more from Fiskars brand . Would probably shop around for something better
 I did n't find this product worth using . There was hardly any improvement in cutting ability at all . I guess you get what you pay for !
 From the reviews , I thought this would be a handy thing to have . I tried using it as directed , it does n't pull smoothly thru . I tried only using one side at a time and it does n't do anything . What a waste of money !
 Even though this is cheap enough do n't be fooled into thinking that it actually works . It does absolutely nothing to sharpen scissors !
 It 's a piece of junk . Does n't work properly by following the instruction . If you want to buy a real scissors sharpener , go to Walmart or BedBath & Beyond .
 This sharpener dulled my scissors rather than sharpening them . No matter how closely I tried to follow the instructions , I could not restore my scissors tothe level of sharpness they had before I used this .
 I added this product to avoid paying shipping charges . I used it when I first got it -- I do think it helped a bit , but if you are only buying one , get Fiskars 98617397 .
 After waiting weeks for the generator to arrive , I finally have it . Allow around 2 hours to put it together , especially if you 're going to put on the wheel kit . You 'll have to flip the generator on its side , and sit the motor on a 1X piece of wood -LRB- so you do n't damage it -RRB- , while you unscrew one of the dampners to attach one of the wheels - it seems very hackish on Porter Cable 's part to do it this way -LRB- it 's really a rebranded Briggs & Straton -RRB- . Once I had the wheel kit assembled , it was a matter of adding the oil and the gas , and two pulls of the string was all it took to start the generator for the first time . The weekend after assembly , I took the generator out for some use in the field . I was out building a barn with some help . We were both using tools and charging our batteries at the same time , and it was smooth sailing . You will need to change the oil after the first 2 hours of use , which I just did , and then every 50 hours I think . I will update the review with some long term results once I have them , but so far so good . Too bad amazon wont let me change the # of stars I gave this product .
 The first time I need to use it , it fails ! The spark plug fouls out every one to two hours . I had to clean the plug , and reinstall it , just to keep it running . When it was running , it did provide enough power to keep my house going . But for 5 days , that 's a lot of spark plug cleaning ! I suggest you buy a different brand .
 BSI550I-W portable electric generator with a date code of 09-10-01 is subject to a leaking fuel tank recall . DeVilbiss has not received any reports of injuries from these generators . My rating of one star is based solely on the recall and not based ownership of this generator . I like the fact that the handles fold down and has more electrical plugs than its $ 100 + cheaper T550-W near twin model . I ended up buying a lighter and more expensive Yamaha ES2800 generator .
 I bought this model in September 2003 as a back up generator to run through a generator transfer station . After repeated failures , a replacement generator and exceptionally bad warranty service , I think I finally have a generator that works . My first generator would not power anything from half of the outlets and the large outlet used for a generator transfer station -LRB- a station equipped with wattage meters and was tested with a neighbor 's less powerful generator - his generator was able handle regular and full surge test needs -RRB- . Unable to get a real person on the Porter-Cable customer service number , I took my generator to the closest listed warranty service shop ... after several months of excuses , including no one at Porter-Cable would call the mechanic to tell them how to fix it , and very poor customer service , I attempted to contact a real person at Porter-Cable ... next to impossible . I then contacted Amazon by email to see if they could contact Porter-Cable . Instead , Amazon arranged to ship me a new unit and take the old one back , with no charge to me ... incredible ! Kudos to Amazon ! The second generator operated for three hours -LRB- during a power outage -RRB- and started to die . Two different warranty service shops , another few months and several pick-ups/drop offs later -LRB- during the work day , naturally -RRB- , I am told it will finally run properly . I hope so , as it is now out of warranty . So , in over two years , my generator has been able to run properly for a total of four hours and I was unable to get the attention of Porter-Cable to help fix either of these two poorly-made products . I even took the time to write a letter to the president of Porter-Cable detailing every issue and problem ... no answer in two months . I hesitate to write a bad review for any products -LRB- and have not done so up to this point -RRB- , but in this case , I feel I need to share `` after sale '' issues for anyone who receives a poorly-made generator that they are going to trust to provide power in an emergency situation ... with all the service trips and time spent , it would have been cheaper to pay twice as much -LRB- I paid $ 700 -RRB- and have a generator I could trust -LRB- I do n't trust this one anymore , not a great feeling to have about an emergency back-up generator -RRB- . The only shining star in this tale is Amazon , who went well beyond the call of duty to help me .
 well like the last guy said - right package but the wrong part . got a sweeper nozzle instead ! they did take it back .
 packaHGE PART # RIGHT , WRONG ITEM IN PACKAGE , NOT WORTH RETURNING BUT NO INVOICE IN MAILING PACKAGE ANY WAY NO PHONE # OR E-MAIL TO CONTACT OTHER ONLY FOUND THIS REVIEW
 Poor process or quality control . The unit I received did not have the shipping blocks installed . As a result , the vibration isolators on the generator were broken in shipping . Since the unit can not be returned to Amazon , you have to call the manufacturer to obtain parts that you must install yourself . Those parts happen to be on backorder . This may be a good generator based on the other reviews , but I suggest you buy it locally instead of relying on getting an operational unit shipped to you . That way , you can verify the operation of the unit before taking it home . By the way , Amazon 's performance on shipping items has taken a nosedive . They used to ship items in stock within 24 hours . When I called 6 business days to inquire on the status of my order , I was told that it was to be shipped out that day . Later I found out it did n't go out for another 3 days . It was a total of 16 days for shipping an instock item . Between the shipping delays and the two-to-three weeks I was told I would have to wait for replacement parts , I 'm facing a 11/2 month delay .
 Because I an an optimist , I will say that eventually , this may turn out to be a good product . Unfortunately , two weeks after it was delivered , I still do n't know , because it arrived broken . Once the engine started , the generator did not produce any electricity . Zilch . I brought it in to the local manufacturer 's repair facility -LRB- which involved the difficulty of hoisting its 200 + pounds of bulk into the back of my vehicle -RRB- , and it is still there after almost two weeks , due to the fact that the repair facility did not have the replacement parts in stock , AND they are backordered.Needless to say this has been frustrating . Looks like Porter Cable needs better quality control in its manufacturing . Good thing we never get any bad storms out here in the Pacific Northwest .
 This product burned every plant I tried it on ! Cucumbers , tomatoes , green beans , etc. . Yes , I follow the direction carefully . I sprayed in the evening after the sun was going down , I mixed it slightly ` less ' strong than it called for , after seeing the big burn your plants warning on the side of the container . And I spray just a few leaves of each plant , so not to kill anything . Just like the direction stated . There is nothing in my garden I could use this on , as it burnt everything , except a woody plant -LRB- blackberries -RRB- . Also it stinks so very bad , and it stays with you for some time . Oh and reading the container it seems to me that it will only kill what it hits , no residue effects . Ok so that 's my review , hope I saved someone this $ 15.00 lesson .
 I was really excited to put this stuff around my garden but unfortunately the ants seems to laugh at it . The Terro powder has worked the best quickly so far with the boric traps inside but it 's fine dust so it gets on everything . I swept it around the foundation and around our baseboards with pet grade diatomaceous earth and that worked better than when I had the exterminator come .
 as explained by seller , this needs to be hard wired . there is n't a way for this to stand . i was informed it is to be cemented.would i buy another product from this company , probably not ! to vague in their description.it is too costly to return so it will go ` on sale ' in my front yard.thank you
 The label is extremely difficult to remove . I used nails , glue-gone on both sides , and a heavy duty brush to scrape it off . I took me more than an hour for glue to be resolved before I was able to use the basket . During the waiting time I grilled the veggies on the plain grill . I kindly suggest to the manufacturer to stop using crazy-glue or whatever material they are using to stick the label at the moment .
 Do not order from this company . Product was opened all over the inside of the box and the box was fine , meaning they packaged it damaged . They were suppose to overnight me a new one . Never sent anything . Finally got a refund , and they sent me the confirmation , but given the owner admitted to me that the company was on the verge of failing because of water damage to the warehouse , I 'm skeptical if I 'll even get that . Avoid this company like the plague .
 Fox Farm makes excellent products that retail for far less than what is offered here . Shop elsewhere , do n't encourage price gouging . These ferts are worth about $ 18 - $ 20 individually at most walk-in stores so $ 80 plus shipping is a blatant rip off . Support your local nursery.You will need these ferts at the start of flowering , so do n't get ripped off when you buy them .
 Head came off the first time I used the hoe . No screw to hold the head on the F/G handle . I now use the F/G handle as a walking staff .
 What a disappointment ! Great idea , but poorly designed sprayer . The handle falls off , it tips over because the center of gravity is too high , it does n't roll so you end up dragging it , the sprayer cord always ends up tangled in the wheels , and the sprayer handpiece is too loose and rotates to an awkward spraying position . I did n't have a defective unit - I bought two and both were unusable . Do not buy this sprayer !
 I also own this sprayer and ditto to the comments by Buffys mom . I have only put about five gallons through mine and the sprayer handle broke . Called their 24hour hot line to order parts but recording told me to leave a message or call back during business hours . Look for another brand for your sprayer .
 I purchased this feeder due to the 2 positive reviews . I just opened the package and to my great disappointment I see the bottom does not come apart for cleaning ! Those of us who love and feed hummingbirds know that we have to be meticulously clean with their feeders . I am not sure if I will even use this one as I see no way to reach into all the nooks and crannies.I was into walmart the other day and purchased several perky pet feeders for $ 3.88 . They have turned out to be my absolute favorite . Every part of that little feeder comes apart for thorough cleaning . At that price you could purchase new ones every season !
 This hummingbird feeder leaks - it drains out overnight after it 's filled . Bad product !
 It is poorly constructed and leaked so I had to throw it out . I would not recommend buying this product .
 For over ten years I 've used these feeders because they 've worked well for our local Hummers . They 've been exposed 24/7/365 to harsh weather & environs . I 've purchased from Amazon and the blue big box store . This is the only one I 've had that arrived , in ` original ' factory packaging with a crack/leak in the red plastic base . The original factory hardboard decorative box had been opened previously . That fact , plus the broken red plastic base , suggests that this product had been a return from a previous customer , and resold to me as new . Not good . Except for this one issue I would rate this product 5 stars.On my same order I purchased another feeder , different manufacturer , similar style , larger capacity . It arrived from the same distribution/fulfillment center in the same -LRB- excessively oversized -RRB- corrugated box as the 12-ounce feeder . Original manufacturer packaging was missing ; it had been -LSB- sloppily -RSB- wrapped in minimal bubble wrap . It , too , leaked at the red plastic base . I believe someone had overtightened the panhead sheetmetal screw -LRB- too long to suit the application -RRB- holding the perch assembly to the reservoir , punching a -LSB- hidden -RSB- hole in the reservoir ... leak.After the package first arrived I had opened and filled the larger feeder , hung it , and immediately noticed the leak . I notified Amazon of the issue , arranged for and returned it -LRB- UPS , original packaging -RRB- , and a credit was issued to my account . A few days later I filled the 12 oz . feeder , hung it , and discovered that leak . It 's not worth the hassle to return this one . I 'll keep the glass reservoir as a spare , in case I break one of my older ones.Zero for two , same type product , both previously opened orginal factory packaging , both defective , from the same fulfillment center , same box . It seems as though ` the system ' permits resale of -LSB- known -RSB- defective merchandise . I would hope I 'm incorrect in my interpretation of what I 've observed , but the apparent facts appear too coincidental . Next time I 'll pay a little extra at my local Wally store . Any defective feeder would be replaced immediately , no hassle . -LSB- For 12 years I 'm still a loyal and satisfied Amazon Prime customer . Hey - mistakes do happen ... hmmm -RSB-
 Both top and bottom leaked within a couple weeks . I see a lot of people liked it so it is probably hit and miss on what I received . But , I am not inclined to try to argue about 8 dollar refund on it.I would buy a glass bottle feeder in future .
 Item itself looks good -LRB- +1 star -RRB- , but it was broken due to inappropriate packaging . So I was not be able to try it.Hanger is completely broken and makes this product unusable -LRB- unless you will figure out how to hang feeder -RRB- . Hanger was outside its original box .
 Last month I was hired as a merchandiser for a cola company where stocking shelves , building displays and rotating product whereas 12 and 24 packs of soda seems to be my main responsibility . It took only a day or two to realize that my bare hands were n't ideal for this line of work - so a search for gloves that markets itself with a good warehouse/packaging grip was in order . I figured Dewalt made quality tools -LRB- or so I heard -RRB- , accompanied with a few positive reviews about these gloves specifically led me to make the relatively cost-efficient purchase.After 1-2 weeks of use , I wanted to write a review to hopefully deter the next guy or gal from making this mistake . First of the , the small squares that apparently make up the palm grip of the glove are falling off . I would estimate that only half of them remain , giving the glove an appearance of being much older than they are . In fact , I 'm less concerned about the palm and more concerned about the ends of the fingers where i required the most grip for moving boxes . Frankly , I can not grip a case of soda very well at all with these gloves ; I would prefer not wearing gloves while performing my job duties rather than risking more dropped/broken cases if soda.I was skeptical that maybe the glossy finish of the cases of soda made it difficult for any glove to be worn . That was until a colleague of mine recommended a pair by RW -LRB- Rugged Wear -RRB- , similar in style yet does the job I was hoping for and as inferred by the brand name , the grip seems to be embedded into the glove -LRB- not glued on like the Dewalt counterpart -RRB- . The only reason , albeit a weak one , as to why I gave these gloves two stars instead of one is that I liked the cosmetic look of them and they seemed to fit well . I still use them when lifting pallets and whatnot , just general purpose work . Therefore they 're not completely worthless , just not what I hoped for and expected qualitatively .
 I work for a package delivery service . I ordered two pair . The first thing I noticed was the comfort . Very comfortable . The palm and fingers are covered with these little squares which give the gloves their tackiness . After the first day I noticed some of the squares had fallen off . Day two , many more had fallen off . By the end of the first week 80 % to 90 % of the squares were gone . The second pair has worn better . After two weeks , only 10 % to 20 % have come off . I like the the gloves . I do n't like having these little tiny squares all over the floor of my truck . I also would like the gloves to last much , much longer .
 These gloves were not what i expected at all ! I work with cardboard boxes all night and these were definitely not worth the money ! not a sticky or tacky grip from the start and the same night wearing them they lost all its gripness ! by the 2nd day it was just about all gone and were even more slippery ! i would stay away from these gloves if your seeking a good grip and something that will last a little longer !
 did not buy one but it looks like a phone in the picture . The first time I ever saw a mistake on here .
 Feels cheap , light weight for specific purposes is ok , however , the edges are very sharp and could cut you . Things could get burned really easilty because of the thinness of pot . I almost thought the pot would melt once , defeating the purpose of camping with a campfire for your stove .
 They do n't fit properly onto the edges of the table , and so those bent portions of the aluminum , tend to stick out ... may scrape skin accidentally ... We never used them ... money wasted .
 I purchased two of these for our beach house last year - the have not held up well , given the coastal environment . I would n't expect many years of use , but after just one year , they have faded severely when rolled up for the winter . It takes them several days and much exposure to `` fall out '' after opening them up for the Spring/Summer/Fall months . They do a good job of blocking the sun and shading the house but the material is the problem - using a Sumbrella type fabric would make these a great value but the supplied fabric is basically canvas that fades and wrinkles.Also , the supplied connectors are a huge disappointment - they are exposed `` wing nuts '' and UGLY UGLY UGLY . Look CLOSELY at the photo , if they had designed these to be on the inside , where you can not see them , this would be a far better design . If you have a nice home and want these for function over asthetics , go for it but if I was buying again I 'd pay a littel more for a better grade of fabric and connector system.Oh , and one more thing
 Installation was easy and it looked great for about 2 months . It faded horribly and now looks like it is a pink awning that we have had up for years when in fact it has been up for less than a year . I would not suggest buying this product . I tried to contact the seller and they would no return my request to discuss the problem . A product has to be really bad for me to write a review like this . Please stay away from this product .
 I purchased one of the Squeeze punches by Fiskars . This punch is very difficult to use just like other Fiskars punches I own . I have had several of my Fiskars punch break during normal use .
 This sand did not work in my sand filter and all I ended up with is a mess . I thought that all pool sand was the same but obviously it isnt . It waas just a plain intex pool salt water sand filter and the sand was too fine and it just kept pumping through . Just go to your local home hardware store and they will most likely have what you need .
 In quickly reading the description , it appeared that I would be getting the salad , herbs , tomato , and chili pepper seed kits in addition to the bulbs , and that is what I based my order on . The product came with only the salad seed kit and the bulbs .
 I have had this for several months . the inside unit has needed new batteries probably 4 or 5 times , but the remote unit had not needed replacements til now . I just replaced them and now the display wo n't pick up the outside temp . Was trying to find some instructions and stumbled upon these reviews so thought i 'd add my own .
 A year and one half ago I bought one of these thermometers . About 2 months ago it started eating batteries -LRB- just as in the other reviews -RRB- every week . I went to the store to replace the unit but could only get the same unit . So -LRB- dumb me -RRB- I bought the same unit . The batteries only lasted a week and they were gone . Please do n't buy this and be disappointed .
 The thermometer seems to have a very finite life -- once the batteries are dead , it wo n't reset with new ones ! Interesting way to get people to have to buy another one -- but I wo n't be buying that brand again ! I did read the comments about battery life , and like others , was n't sure if they were old batteries , too cold , etc. . In my case , the batteries did last a long time , but once they went dead it will not start with new ones . Clearly there is something wrong with this thermometer in relation to the batteries . I would prefer to give this product no stars , but it wo n't allow me to submit without at least one ...
 I was hoping to find a wireless thermometer that would be compatible with my existing network and this is n't it.For a single-temperature reading from a single source , it 's okay ... but only barely . There is no feature other than the remote temperature -LRB- read
 I have been amazed at how fast I have to replace the batteries . When the batteries are fresh , it works great . But tomorrow it 's time to replace the batteries again - not really - it 's about a week .
 The display unit was dead on arrival.I had read that the unit was unreliable but thought I would take a chance.Lesson learned - Do n't buy anything with the Acu-Rite name .
 I have to replace the outside sensor batteries at least every 10 days . The money you save on this unit quickly goes out the window -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- with the cost of replacement batteries . Do n't buy this unit unless you own stock in Duracell .
 I had this unit for about 9 months when the display on the inside died . I could n't find the receipt , but sent it back to the manufacturer anyway for a warranty replacement , which I received a few weeks later . I never encountered the battery problem reported by others . The unit work well .1 / 2/13 update
 I 've had this exact Acu-Rite unit for a few years now . It has a wireless outside sensor . I did n't really have a problem with battery life as some others have complained but after having it for a few years I 've noticed that both the inside and outside temperature readings are no longer accurate . Inside reads 2 degrees higher than separate indoor thermometer I have to check it against and the outside temp reads as much as 10 degrees too high when compared to local weather report or mercury thermometer I have . No fix even after new batteries and selecting the `` reset '' button for both the outdoor sensor and inside reading unit . But is was fairly accurate for a couple of years . I would n't buy it again as I 'm online searching for a replacement .
 Same as other reviewers . Just bought 5/2011 . Outside unit on 3rd set of Eveready Alkaline batteries . Too expensive to operate , so useless . Instructions say `` do not return to retailer - call us '' , but they have no solution .
 I was under the impression that the display would provide a choice of F or C but only has F.
 Worked fine for months , both inside and out . Then I replaced the batteries and NEVER got it to work correctly after that .
 Batteries die too quickly and outdoor unit stopped transmitting within 6 months . Do n't waste your money ! Buy a different thermometer !
 outdoor sensor never worked for me , right out of the box.the company has n't responded to contact requests.already through this in the trash , do n't buy it.literally buy a nicer product for a few more bucks .
 I bought this unit to monitor the temperature in my garage . I have wasted a lot of time trying to get the remote sensor to work without success . The trouble shooting guide should go ahead and tell you that there is a good chance that this unit simply will not work so give up and save your time . After reading several reviews it seems that buying this unit is a large gamble . It works for a few and does n't work for most . It probably cost 25 cents to make , so they can afford 75 % of the units coming back and still make a profit . If you enjoy gambling on the long shot this unit is for you . If you want a no hassle thermometer avoid this unit .
 Yes , it chews through batteries , mostly on the outdoor sensor . I got it at the hardware store . I used rechargable AAAs and that helped some . I had two sets so I could switch quickly . After using it for a couple of years the outdoor sensor died , although the indoor one still works . I do think both were accurate and I was satisfied with the actual temperature measuring of the thermometer . Basically do n't waste your money .
 I was searching Amazon for a replacement for this same product , which I had recently purchased in a store . I was so pleased at first , then after a week -LRB- maybe a little more ? -RRB- the outdoor temp failed to register . I tried the reset button on both units . Nothing . I then purchased new AA batteries . Still nothing . That is why I was searching for a new thermometer . When I saw the same product listed on Amazon with 5 reviews rating one star , I had to read them to see if others had the same problem I did . Wow . The evidence is here -- DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PRODUCT !
 Save your dollars and buy a better one . I did n't buy it from Amazon which is a lesson in itself . I spent too much time trying to make this piece of junk work . Forget about it !
 Purchased this elsewhere . I agree w / first reveiwer -- I have found that the outside unit goes thru batteries once a week . Very disappointed w / this product , and I 'm looking for something else .
 I did not buy this unit from Amazon.It eats batteries at an ASTONISHING rate to the point of being basicaly useless.I returned it and was told it was defective . The new unit was equally as bad.The manufacturer will not return calls.This is a CLASSIC case of getting what you pay for . Step up and buy a good one
 I bought this at a local store for about 10 bucks a little over a week ago . Was Googling on this unit to find out about battery life and there was a linky to Amazon . I noticed the battery comments and thought to myself well the outside unit has been running on the same batteries for 10 days . So maybe it was just a bunch of older units with battery issues . An hour later I looked for the temperature outside and the outside units batteries are dead . I almost fell on the floor from laughter . If , for no other reason , you have to love Amazon for allowing truthful comments on products.These comments are right on .
 do n't bother . you 'll pay more for batteries than the cost of the unit itself , in just a few months . I 've had other brands where the batteries last for a year ; a unit that eats 2 AA batteries a week is just a piece of junk .
 Although this unit is accurate and convenient , it needs batteries every month or less . Unfortunately , I have several and they are all the same . Buy another brand .
 I bought this gadget at a local retailer because it looked like exactly what I wanted . It 's small , unobtrusive , and easy to read display . Most of the other units that I looked at have too much crap in their displays . I do n't want to see barometric pressure , wind speed , rain meters , moon phases , calendar , clock , or graphic displays of clouds , rain , or sun . In that regard , this unit is perfect . You get to see only indoor and outdoor temperatures . It was just what I wanted . However , I have to give this thing the worst rating possible because it eats batteries at an absurd rate . I have owned this unit for 13 months , and have spent just over $ 40 for batteries during that time period . Yikes !! The batteries in the display unit will only last 7 - 10 days . It does n't matter that much if I use cheap drug store batteries or pricey Duracells or Energizers . The distance between the sending unit and receiving unit will affect the battery life . The way that I had it set up was 18 feet between the units with nothing but a window to interfere with the line of sight . I noticed that if I put the display unit closer to the window -LRB- 7 feet distance bewtween units -RRB- , then I could get an extra day or two out of the batteries . Big deal . I got rid of this thing in a garage sale this summer . I sold it for 50 cents .
 My experience agrees with the other reviewers . It eats batteries at such an alarming rate it 's essentially useless . The maker should take it off the market .
 Yup , sucks batteries . Does n't work with non-alkaline batteries
 I wished I 'd read reviews prior to purchasing this thermometer . While I LOVE being able to see the temperature outside before heading out or walking the dog this particular unit constantly needed to have the batteries changed in not just the sending unit but in the receiver . I can see the batteries dying more quickly in the sending unit as , after all , it is outdoors with temperature variations , rain , and humidity , but it could barely go a month without the batteries needing to be replaced . I finally went with rechargeable batteries as the situation got ridiculous . Granted it worked well , when it was working , but it quickly turned into troubleshooting 101 when the receiver stopped showing an outdoor temperature . I 'm tempted to say you get what you pay for , and this is on the low end of the cost spectrum . I hate paying more for what had better be a much more durable unit . This piece of crap lasted barely two years before it finally just crapped out completely . Do n't waste your time and money on this !
 I got this a couple of weeks ago and could NEVER get the outdoor part to work . I now have the one that is supposed to be inside , outside and have to check it by opening my slider . I use my thermostat to my furnace and AC for the inside temp ! NOT what I was expecting ! Out $ 16.00 and very disappointed in product .
 I have had one of these for a couple years now . It always works ... but requires nes batteries about 3 times a month !!! I would not buy this again .
 The money you save initially by buying this model , quickly gets offset by replacing batteries in the transmitter every week . This is a poor design and I am very disappointed in AcuRite for not pulling it off the market . They are still being sold . Do not buy ...
 This is a useless piece of crap . This was a gift to me . Stopped working after 6 months , it used alot of batteries when it did work . Called Chaney Instrument Company , they more or less said to bad we ca n't help you . Do n't waste your money on anything they sell .
 Prompt delivery . The unit works but is very slow to change temp . reading . Tested it by placing inside a hot car -LRB- about 100 degrees -RRB- then I held it directly in front of the car 's A/C vent -LRB- about 40 degrees -RRB- . Thermometer was too slow in showing the correct temp . This unit is not going to work for me . I would recommend spending more money and get something that works much faster if accurate temperature readings is what you are after .
 This unit worked for about a year for me , but when the temperature reached 90 + this summer , it stopped working for good .
 I ordered something from this company in December 2006 and when I did n't receive it right away , I understood that it was Christmas season and kept the information aside . In July I have yet to receive it . When I questioned them about it , they sent me this generic response : Dear Customer , I got surprised with your email , because we sent you the order , and also surprised because you did n`t inform about it on time.I can not help you by now . I am sorry.RegardsCustomer ServiceI have lost only 13 dollars , but more , I have lost respect for a company that ca n't do anything more than an automated response.What a joke .
 I purchase this product because my side discharge mower bag was on it last leg . I receive this bag two days early , it arrive as describe by the vender . The bag material is impressive and the metal attachment for mower handle is of heavy duty material . However , after the first use and many trial there after , the bag continue to clog . I had to stop mowing to un-clog this bag over and over again . This type of bag curves and attaches to the mower handle . If you have a side discharge mower stay away from this type of bag . Use a bag that attaches to the side mower chute , and extent straight outward away from mower .
 I thought buying the Genuine Sunbeam burner was a good idea for my Sunbeam grill . The parts are the correct size . Too bad they are defective ! The fixed venturi was okay on the left side , but the right side was loose and keep falling out . I tried the flexible venturi which was also supplied , but it broke when I tried to brend it into shape . Stay away from this defective product !
 I had previously purchased a Xantrex 851-400 inverter to run in conjunction with a marine battery so as to power lights for my jewelry booth at Art Fairs . I was very happy with it but when I decided to expand my use of lights , necessitating a second battery and a second inverter , for whatever reason I decided to try the Whistler PI-400W and save a whopping $ 7.55 . Big mistake . The Xantrex will operate flawlessly for 2 days sucking enough juice out of that marine battery to operate 75 watts of CFL bulbs for 8-10 hours each day . The Whistler worked well for the first day but kick off after 2 hours of the second . The first time that it happened I rationalized that perhaps I had n't fully charged the second marine battery but after making sure to test it again with both batteries on successive weekends , I got the same result both times . The moral of the story is that Amazon does a great job of refunding your money during the first 30 days and do n't get cheap when making your purchase . If you find a product that does the job well that you need it to do , pay the man !
 I used this inverter on our camping trip and was very disappointed in the materials they used . The terminal head -LRB- black -RRB- was accidental hit and was bent . I looked closer to find that the terminal black head connection is made of a light metal and was broken half way and was only attached to both ends by a cork screw thread . I managed to get it working by pushing back the bolt end and was able to get a connection . To prevent this from happening again you would need to protect this unit with a padded case . 400 watts power is enough for camera or cell chargers or to pump up an air mattress , do n't expect this unit to do much more then that . Because of the terminal heads and how delicate they are , I would not recommend this product .
 This unit comes with a car cigarette lighter adapter which connects to the unit via ring terminals at the end of its 2 + and - cables . Well , I connected the adapter ring terminals to the unit , and both adapter cables detached from their ring terminals at the same time . Looks like the ring terminals were not crimped to their cables properly . Easy to just get new ring terminals and re-crimp , but this sort of thing should not happen to brand-new stuff.The vent holes on the side of the unit are not in a straight line , they look like they were drilled by someone holding a drill rather than on an assembly line machine . I bet this product is manufactured by hand with very basic tools rather than on a modern assembly line .
 I bought this device after years of having a much lower power model work great and this one had good reviews.For lower power applications it has worked weeks flawlessly . Today I finally needed to use it for what I purchased it for . Startup watts on my device is 380 watts and continuous power is around 200 . Well under the 800 watt peak of this unit . It died on within a second . Thinking the fuse had blown , I popped it out and it is n't . The unit itself is blown . I hope I 'm within the return period and if they do n't replace this one , it will be my last purchase of one of their products .
 This thing is unstable , works very inconsistently right off the bat and makes weird loud random electrical noises , buy an inverter of another make ...
 I bought this clock and it came broken . I sent it back and the next one came broken . Sent that one back and that came broken !!! They package a ceramic clock with one piece of brown paper in the box and that was it ! i called customer service because I still wanted the clock , but she could not guarantee that they would package it correctly so I said forget it !! Extremely disappointed !! If the review came with a zero star instead of one star I would have rated it that way !!!!!!!!! DO N'T BUY THIS !!!!!
 This item does not look like the picture at all , and unfortunately the thermometer does not appear to be working correctly
 I read the reviews before purchasing this item , and I regret not acknowledging the majority of the advise ... what can I say , I was hopeful.Aside from the fact that this item arrived broken , as did others who have left reviews , It is truly nothing like the picture . It does not have beautiful delicate ivy hinged with purple flowers and sweet purple dragonflys with black numbering . Instead it is a nasty brown cluttered mess , with 3 types of greenery and hideous brown bugeyed dragonflys and brown numbers . I posted a picture under customer images for this product to show the difference.Needless to say , I was extremely disapointed and found the picture very missleading , but I have learned my lesson :-RRB- Hope this helps anyone .
 I bought this clock/thermometer for my new house it was broken almost in half . I have received my replacement and the thermometer has n't been off 80 . It does n't work either . I am returning it and am afraid to try again . I had a clock just like it which lasted about 10 years before the thermometer wore out . Please refund my money or send me a new one that works . Sue McShayL
 I bought this 21/2 years ago . Since the burner tube and the manifold has gone 2 times and luckily weber replaced it twice but now weber says the 5 year warranty is not valid on replacement parts but only 1 year.The flavarisor bars went 2 years ago and the porcelain grates have been rusted twice already.I will never again buy a weber grill .
 I ordered this carpet rose for my sister 's birthday and it was suppose to have 25-30 blooms it had none ! The pot it came in looks nothing like the one advertised , some cheap ugly pot . I wish I could insert the picture she sent me , but I do n't know how . This is shameful !
 The design is good . The quality is poor . Finish started peeling after the first use .
 Apparently this same hose is packaged under several different Weber part numbers for some strange reason . Buy this hose only if you have no squirrels or other rodents where you live . They like the taste -LRB- maybe it 's grease that drips on it -RRB- , and bite right through causing a leak . They ruined mine after just 1 month of use . A far better quality product that does the same thing is the Freedom Grill FG-50HA hose . It is stainless steel braid hose , and animal proof . It is slightly shorter , but still plenty long enough to reach from the Q grill at table height to a 20 lb cylinder on the ground . Thanks for earlier reviews that point to the FG-50HA . I bought it and it works great with my Q.
 Hello Amazon , I 'm a happy Amazon shopper , and was very pleased when I received my product and the hooked it up to my Baby Q . When the weather became very warm about 90 the brass fitting the one end came off . So I had to take it to a hose shop near me and cut off both ends and have new brass pressure fitting installed.They told me that the one install by the company were installed incorrectly , it can now stand the heat .
 I was so excited to try a chocolate fountain for a party I was throwing . How cool would that be ? I was wrong . I followed the instructions to a tee on melting the chocolate/oil mix before putting it into the fountain . I still could not get the fountain to flow . Numerous oil additions later and the fountain trickled . Not only did it trickle , but the chocolate now had a bad oil after taste.Lastly , the skewers that are provided in the package are like toothpicks . I bought kabob skewers from the grocery store to use instead . It is the only way to not wear chocolate fountain.I have returned this item and would encourage you to save your money and not buy this product .
 This was a good idea for a party , but I was not impressed at all by the quality of the product . We tried it out a few days before the party to make sure that it worked . It worked , but the motor was so loud . We added more chocolate to see if the sound was dependent on how full the basin was , but that did n't fix the issue . Also , when we put both white and dark chocolate in their separate basins , the white chocolate started turning tan -- we found out that the divider separating the two basins was not completely welded/sealed down that the two different chocolates were mixing . One good note about this - our guests still enjoyed the chocolate fountain -LRB- I think becasue of its novelty -RRB- .
 product did not work ... sounded like someone grinding gears on a manual transmission ! Very disappointing when it was supposed to be my centerpiece for my 25th anniversary celebration .
 We bought this for a Halloween party but the night of the party , after we had already bought all the dipping food , the fountain did NOT work . I had to run to Bed , Bath and Beyond to pick up another one as people were starting to arrive at the party . I was late for my own party ... very stressful . We are returning the product for a full refund.Marsha Sloan
 Product was damaged during shipping and not sure if this was the reason why product did not work .
 I love grilling and was happy to go for the grill cover that matches my grill brand , but I feel this cover is lighter then the last one I had on my old grill . The other thing and the bigger issue is that I have found water underneath the top of the cover after a rain storm , which scares me because my Grill is a brand new Weber which I am very happy with . It may rust quickly due to water getting under the cover .
 I never received this product and the company did n't answer my emails as to why it was not available . Do n't bother .
 Seemed like a good idea at the time , perfect for the kids , for the summer . It did n't even come close to lasting through the summer . I got , maybe , ten swim sessions out of it before it got a hole in the bottom of the liner . I drained it , patched it -LRB- with included patches -RRB- , and filled it back up , only to waste multiple gallons of water and money . The patch did n't hold and all of the water came pouring back out . So , I patched it again with a heavier duty patch and glue ... filled it back up ... woke up next morning to completely being drained again . This has been my most frustrating purchase through amazon and the BIGGEST waste of money ... very disappointed !!! So , it still being summer -LRB- August -RRB- , I will go roll it up and kick it to the curb , seeing as how my return window was only 30 days . Save your money and get the aluminum above ground pool ... my mother raised four kids -LRB- and their friends -RRB- in one and it lasted years .
 Sent this product for a Christmas present . Just warm enough to set it up . The side has pinholes in it that leaks ! The filter also leanks
 we have been purchasing Intex pools for the past 7 years and they have been very reliable until recently . At issue is a pool purchased on June 4th 2010 . The trouble began with the purchase of an easy set pool where the drain spout leaked from the set up . I called there company to see how to remedy the situation and you offered paperwork and sending in the damaged pool . Now you see I had to call a water service to come fill the the pool which cost me money as well . So we decided since it was within the month to dismantle the pool after draining it and exchange it for a new one . We brought the pool home and set it up , have the water service come back out to fill it up and the drain was leaking on this one as well . So not we try to tape it and fix it but there is not fix , the pool will not hold water and is obviously defective . Of course after all of this we are out of our return date and there are no pools of the same manner to exchange it with . Now about $ 800.00 later my children are upset because they have no pool for summer entertainment . I find myself angry at the money spent and my upset children.They have the worst customer service . Website do n't work , phone # useless . Spent months with them and they 're still running me around . In a nut shell , I well never buy anything is made by Intex . I would never buy anything that Intex is involved with . I 'm going to share this with friends/family/neighbor and right to my news paper . Thanks Intex for destroying my kids summer .
 I bought the 15 ` x48 '' pool in December as a Christmas present for the kids . Being that we live in Wisconsin , we could n't set it up until mid-May . Assembly is really pretty easy . Got it put together and started filling it up . Went to check it after 1/2 '' of water was in the pool to pull out the wrinkles in the bottom and was shocked to see water leaking from underneath the pool . After an inspection of the pool I found a quarter-sized hole in dead-center bottom of the pool . Called Intex and was told `` the pool has a 90 day warrantee , anything after 90 days is not covered . Period . '' I talked with two different reps and was told the same thing . When asked if I was to set up the pool in the snow to inspect it prior to 90 days -LRB- since I 'm in Wisconsin -RRB- , the answer was the same `` the pool has a 90 day warrantee , anything after 90 days is not covered . Period . '' I had to engage Amazon customer service to help out , and even they could n't get Intex to cover the hole . Amazon made things right , as they do care about their customers , but Intex ? Well , let 's just say , they are more likely to hide behind their policies than stand behind their products . Never again will I buy an Intex product.As for the pool itself , it looks like it would be a nice pool if it did n't have a big , unwarranteed hole in it -LRB- actually , mine had another hole , too , in the side of the pool -RRB- . So if you get one without a hole , enjoy . If you live in a cold climate , do not buy it unless you can set it up immediately .
 We bought this pool with the salt water pump and enjoyed it for one season . Upon set up the second year we found a couple of small leaks which we patched with the repair kit . However a couple of days after set up one leak grew until the entire side was ripped -- I was watching as it happened -- flooded our backyard and our neighbor 's driveway within a matter of minutes . I had figured two seasons of this pool would be cheaper than a pool membership . Guess we lost out . We 'll hold it 's funeral after we clean up the MESS !
 We purchased an Intex easy set metal pool and it had 2 leaks so we returned for a new one . Set it up and enjoyed the summer . Took it down and stored for winter . When we set it up and filled this summer there were several pin hole leaks . Intex said too bad even though they are aware of this defect in their liners.It is a waste of money . DO NOT BUY > Only lasted 1 summer -LRB- 3 months -RRB- .
 I thought I loved this pool even after the first one had leaks at the seams upon fill up . I had to take it down and return it , then only after one season of use and then stored the second one is bad too . I set up the pool exactly one year later after proper storage and care . OH BOY , now I have two leaks on the seams , no way to patch , INTEX says TOO BAD , no warranty , just a 90 day defect policy , go figure , they already have my money . If you think you are going to use this more than once forget it . This is typical foreign made junk and the company who made it could care less that you spent your hard earned money . Buy something that will last do n't by an INTEX of any kind
 I set up this pool barely a week ago . I thought it was great for a while . Then one morning i went outside and one side had blown out and knocked through my fence . terrible quality .
 We bought our pool in 2011 from Walmart . We really enjoyed it the first year , and it seemed like such a great pool . We used it all the time , and it was so great having our own instead of having to go to public pools . It felt so free.Then , we put it away , until next May . It took us several hours to assemble it , because we wanted to make sure we did everything right and that the ground was nice and level . That night , we filled it . We then enjoyed it for a few weeks , until we noticed water leaking from it . We found a few pinholes and fixed them up , but that still did n't stop it from leaking . So we found a few larger holes that we also fixed up , but the water continued to flow out of it , until it was halfway empty . So , we repaired more holes and filled it up to only find more water leaking and more holes . By then end of June , the entire seam ripped , causing water to flow all over our yard , into our basement , and onto our neighbor 's property . The entire pool emptied , so we just threw it out.This was honestly a terrible waste of money and even caused some minor issues for our neighbor . We were so disappointed that we could n't even get a second year from it . We are currently looking into getting a more permanent pool this year if possible .
 What 's that ? You did n't buy a $ 300 sieve ? Oh . Sorry they accidentally wrote `` pool '' instead of sieve on the box . First time , the box was missing half the pieces . Returned and got a new one . Set the thing up on the perfectly level ground they demand . Notice a couple rivulets of water coming from underneath . Nothing major . Never owned a pool before so maybe it 's to be expected ? Couple days go by . Kid has been in the pool for a total of 5 minutes . Gets out ... brand new leak ! Big one this time , water draining all over the place . By tomorrow it 'll be completely useless.Like paying tons of money for a pool and for the water to fill it and for all the chlorine and filters only to have a giant sieve in your back yard ? Like having your kid cry because their birthday present is a complete piece of garbage ? Go for it !
 This pool is 28 inches high , not 30 . Why are they allowed to misrepresent the actual size and get away with it ??? This is my second intex pool . My first purchase , last summer , cost me over $ 1500.00 and was way too big ; now this one is too small - sigh ! It 's for my two small children , but they ca n't go in there alone so I do need to be in there with them so I 'm not happy about this height . Also , the image is deceiving . Look at the adults in the pool . It looks like the water is coming up to their abs when they 're standing , but in reality the pool comes up to my thigh !
 Everywhere it says your ground must PERFECTLY Level or the pool will collapse . Since no one can be that perfect I expect what they are saying is all of these pools will collapse . If you search the net on this you will see what I mean .
 I had my Intex Pool for 1 season.All of the metal T 's rusted out.We live in Florida , so there is no need to empty the pool to put away for storage . I sent photo 's to Intex and they 're reply was to buy replacement parts ! Was not happy .
 The price and free shipping was great ! I put the pool together , filled it . And there was a leak from the manufacturer when it was made ! What are you going to do , empty all that water out , undo everything and repack it to send it back . I do n't think so !!! You are stuck with it ! : -LRB-
 Product is misleading and company would not fix the problem created by Amazon . It is not a 6 '' it is an 8 '' vent with a 6 '' pipe ; misleading description of minimal information.Very unhappy I wasted almost $ 20 for their mistake and now I 'm stuck with the wrong size vent and have to find the right size and pay for that as well .
 I was holding this in my hand while painting and I still got eaten alive . I will not be buying any refill packets .
 I had not tried the particular substance this machine uses , and , like most people , am desperate to find something that works . It does , but no better than my old torches . The search for something effective does not end with this machine .
 MALIBU is a very frustrating mosquito inhibitor . Received it last night , and made a try . After installing the refill MALIBU Mosquito inhibitor , batteries and turning on it , we used it on the deck right behind my daughter 's hip and close to my legs . Only five minutes , my daughter got about one dozen of bits , I got two dozens of bites -LRB- since I was taking care of the mosquitoes around my little one -RRB- , my wife got about five bites . Then I spent about three minutes to take a video of mosquitoes taking `` dinner '' around MALIBU ... then I got another dozen of bits ... I really hate this product . I guess Maryland 's mosquitoes love MALIBU 's smell ; however , we feel the smell is irritating . The product is frustrating , but the service of amazon.com is still 5 stars as always . Try to return it today . -LRB- we live in MD now -RRB-
 This product did not work , in fact it attracted more Mosquitos . I contacted the seller -LRB- GoCampingCheap -RRB- about a return and they said they would refund up to 50 % of the purchase price . Well , I packed it up in excellent condition and returned it at my expense with their RMA number . Have NEVER heard from them . Would not trust this seller -LRB- GoCampingCheap -RRB- for anything.As a side note , I returned the refills for this product to Amazon at the same time and was given my full refund . GoCampingCheap is a poorly run business that does n't honor Amazon policies .
 bought this thinking I couls use it to clean my lanai . First , the product leaked at the hose end attachment , so I had to replace the washer with one that actually worked . Second , the pressure was really poor . It did n't clean any better than a typical garden sprayer . Third , I tried to make use of it for watering my plants , but my regular garden spray head had a farther reach on the `` jet stream '' mode . Finally , it broke and almost killed my husband at the same time after only four times I tried to use it . Basically what happened was that he had in the `` off '' position and then turned on the water full blast . There was a creaking noise , and then a sudden loud BANG , at which time the euroblaster blasted apart from the pressure . There were long sharp pieces of blue plastic that went flying everywhere and probably could have blinded my husband . I heard the bang which sounded like a gunshot , and my husband comes stumbling around the corner with blue plastic shards in his hair and stuck to his soaking wet shirt . He was momentarily deaf and seemed a little in shock . I went over to check the hose , and there were pieces everywhere . Even now after three weeks , I still am finding blue plastic bits in the yard.The package does not have any warranty or contact information on it , so I guess I lost out on 20 bucks . Do n't get this piece of junk .
 I do n't have much to say in this review , other than I attached my hose securely to the Euroblaster , had the switch in the `` off '' position , turned on the water and after a couple seconds of a creaking noise , there was a loud BANG , big shards of sharp plastic were sent flying in the air and in my face , a huge gush of water drenched me , and that was the end of the Euroblaster.Honestly , some stuff `` as seen on TV '' is actually good quality , but I can not stress enough what an unbelievable piece of JUNK this thing is , and darn well could have seriously injured me too , at which time I would have promptly sued its manufacturer . How convenient that Emson does not provide an email address to complain , so this thing is going back in the mail for a refund.Really , please do n't buy this thing and save yourself the headache .
 The other two reviews were very correct . I replaced my hose and needed to use my product . It leaked alot with my last hose and probably that was a good thing as when I turned the water on I walked to the product but before I got close the product exploded and as the other reviews state it sounded like a gun shot and pieces were all through the yard . My new hose provided a better leak proof connection but too much pressure on the product . I had the water turned on half way . If you buy this or use it do n't ever turn the product lever to off or serious injury may happen to you . Since this product has been around I have to believe there are many lawsuits pending . Buy a pressure washer or use a regular hose sprayer .
 This particular saw I purchased just recently arrived on time , GREAT !!! Trouble is , It does n't run , and the customer service contact is , at least at my location , `` Crawfishing '' on the Warranty work needed too get the thing running . Sure I could adjust the carb myself , but that `` Voids '' the warranty . Reminder , You `` Get What You Pay For '' .
 I bought one of these a few years ago - my first chainsaw and it came with a nice case for $ 130 . The first time I used it it started right away and worked great . The second time I used it , 4 months later , I noticed that all the oil was in the bottom of the case . Refilled everything , started right up and worked great . Thinking it may have gotten tipped on it 's side or top while being stored , I cleaned up the case and made sure to store it where it would n't get knocked over . Six months after that I went to use it again - oil everywhere . Took a while to start up but worked OK , though not as smooth as before . After a break I tried to restart it and the starter switch broke . Went to a hardware store and replaced it . Got it started back up but it would n't stay running - as soon as I put it to wood it would stall . Had it serviced and for $ 25 they said I used bad gas -LRB- I had just gotten it that day -RRB- . Tried to use it again , still would n't work - whenever the chain got more than 1/2 '' into the wood it would stall . Took it back to service , they made some adjustments and said it was fine . Tried to use it again , same issues . Took it to a different service place 40 miles away that was a McCulloch dealer/service place . $ 60 later I got it back and was told it was fixed . Father-in-law tried to use it and did n't get a single stick cut because it would n't stay running . Rather than spend another $ 60 , $ 80 or whatever amount plus gas , this POS is going in the trash and I 'm going to spend the money for a chainsaw that works.Bottom line , if you want to spend money for a McCulloch just realize that you 're buying a product that a -RRB- has extremely limited service options and b -RRB- will likely not last beyond one or two uses .
 I had great difficulty with the string feed mechanism on this trimmer . The mechanism on the first trimmer I ordered malfunctioned and essentially `` blew apart . '' I returned the trimmer and received a second one and the mechanism failed properly to function on this one also . It did n't `` blow up '' this time , but only because I stopped trying to make it work and just returned it . I did not order a third one ; I simply took the refund .
 I brought this trimmer thinking it is a 0.08 '' line . It was trimming and edging well but when the original lines were finished and needed replacement , this was when the problem started . I used the 0.08 line and every time I started the trimmer , the lines just released without control . This problem did not resolve after I re-check the manual and repeat the steps several times . I called Troy-Bilt and the tech told me that the box and the manual were mis-printed -LRB- that was really unacceptable -RRB- , the trimmer needs a 0.065 line due to the new mechanism requires the inertia of the 0.065 line -LRB- this is what he told me -RRB- . I went back and brought the 0.065 line and the same problem happened again . I have had enough of it and returned it back to the store.I have to say I am a handy guy and have put things together , including , furniture , ceiling fans , home theater , etc. . This trimmer really get me working and I tried to problem solve but without a solution . If I can give no start to write this review , I will give no star , but that does not work and I have to give this trimmer 1 big star for being a low price trimmer + edger . Do n't waste money with this trimmer and look for other better model in a different brand .
 I have to share the sentiments of the other reviewer chastising Troy Bilt for discontinuing their best model -LRB- and best electric corded trimmer by any company as stated by Consumer Reports -RRB- , the TB50 . The TB50 had the motor build into the handle at the top so that the end with the rotor was much lighter and not clunky at all . The handle still remained light and no bigger than this model 's . It was similar to a gas model except it weighed less , had easier handling and blew away the competition . These models like 41ACT45P966 have a clunky , heavy rotor area at the end which makes it difficult to hold up and see what you 're doing . Why Troy Bilt discontinued the TB50 is beyond reason . They also only sold it online and never carried it in stores ... Now they seem to have replaced it with a battery powered model which costs more than 3 times the TB50 .
 The wheel attachment broke on first use . The spool for line is small and does n't hold much line so had to stop almost every other time I used it and respool more line . The spool broke within one season of normal use and parts do not appear to be available to replace the spool assembly in total , and the cost of the parts that are available are almost as much as the original cost of the unit . The only thing I really loved about the unit is how easy it is to convert from trimming to edging with the push of one button on the trigger assembly and knob adjust on the grip .
 Broke in less than 5 minutes . ALL plastic . I have gone back to using out 15 year old cheapo Black & Decker unit . It has no edger to it 's weed eater function like this one does , but nothing has broke either!ONLY good part ? The manufacturer refunded our money in full . Told me to just throw this one away . At least the company had a touch of class in customer service . STUNNED they would make such a horribly under engineered product however . I only made it about 5 feet edging when pieces flew everywhere ... BEWARE !
 Shame Shame Shame , Shame on you Troy-Bilt for discontinuing the TB50 Electric string trimmer , It Is obvious that you do n't care about Anyone but yourself ! For absolutely NO reason you discontinued the TB50 and do n't feed Me that lie , `` They were not selling ! The TB50 was the only Electric string trimmer that could run the metal blades without burning up the Motor In Oklahoma humid tick Infested jungle . And do n't give Me that , `` Get a gas powered one ! Do they come with a Electric starter ? A Person could drop dead In Oklahoma humidity trying to start a gas powered trimmer . Around here keeping the weeds down Is not matter of looking like the Jones It Is a matter of Not getting a tick transmitted disease ...
 Troy built battery power string trimmer should be called toy built . It was purchased and used twice . The second time it seem like the motor burned out . When taken back to Lowe 's their repair subcontractor said it was not repairable due to the motor burning out . Everything has a tragic flaw and this is an expensive flaw for toy built .
 I 'm still not quite sure if this product is working or not but the soil in my potted plants has changed to a white crusty substance . Since I am no expert with plants , I can not tell you what this means but the soil does not look healthy anymore . I thought this product might work because another reviewer -LRB- on another site -RRB- , wrote that it helped his gerbera plant to flower . It has not done so with mine . In fact , I think this product makes my plants very thirsty and dry because I had to water it more frequently as I used the maxicrop seaweed . I 'm not sure what works with gerbera plants but in my opinion , this product is not the answer .
 This plant was not healthy when i received it . I didnt even gibe it as a gift , as i intended , that how bad it looked .
 This tree was absolutely nothing as pictured . It has horrible qualities for bonsai , even as a place to start . The best part of my money spent was the unglazed pot I received . The tree was honestly healthy , albeit with a poor root system -LRB- very obviously grown from a cutting/air layer -RRB- . It is just a horribly ugly thing with attempts of wiring that would have been best left off . It is about a foot and a half tall with a trunk diameter less than an inch . I could lop off the top half to start over , but the curve in the trunk is so dramatic there is nothing to do with it afterwards . I am attempting to make something out of it by rooting the branches and making an air layer out of the top half , which might have potential many years from now.Bottom line , do n't buy from here , unless you want to pay $ 40 for a small pot and fire wood . You 're better off going to your local department store and buying a juniper with a blind fold on.This would have 1 star but , as I said , the tree was technically in decent shape , as well as the pot . Not reccomended what-so-ever though .
 Amazing that you can orders these online , but it died within 3 weeks . I took care of it just like they said to . It makes a nice dead Bonzi , but that 's not really what I had in mind .
 When the tree - a gift - arrived , I was thrilled . It is absolutely gorgeous . However , I soon realized that it is a tree that MUST be kept outdoors . The main description on Amazon did NOT say this - I had to read the detailed description . Because there are dozens of bonzais to look at on Amazon , I must have skipped over this . Now , I have a gift for someone who would LOVE to have a bonzai , but who lives in an apartment so can not keep it outdoors . I 'm incredibly disappointed . The problem is not with the quality of the tree , which is wonderful . The problem is with Amazon 's description , which has left me in the lurch just a few days before I had to give it as a gift .
 This is a really small bonsai . Not worth the money I have spent including the shipping . This one is close to 5 inches including the pot . The plant itself is close to 2.5 inches.I want the money back on this item.If I could rate it with NO stars I would have .
 I got this as a gift for my husband , and did n't realize until it arrived that it is an OUTDOOR plant and ca n't be kept inside ! I 'm not into gardening and plants , and this never crossed my mind . However , it would have been helpful for this to be pointed out -LRB- I do n't think I saw this anywhere , but maybe I did n't look close enough -RRB- . The plant was beautiful when it arrived , no complaints there at all .
 Description should state it is strictly for outdoor use . Packaging material states it can remain indoors for only 5 days .
 The description on this item says it 's 3 years old and 9 inches tall ... the one that arrived is 5.5 inches at it 's highest point -LRB- including the container -RRB- . The tree itself is just under 3 inches tall . It is a pretty tree but not at all as described . I would return it except that I do n't have time to get another in time for Christmas but I am very disappointed .
 bad points ; tree trunk has reverse taper , may never changetree has old scars from wire wrap left on to longI think the tree was poted up very recentgood points ; tree arrived safelytree is still alive and growingshipping was quick
 This is not an indoor plant , let alone a desk plant , even though my recollection is that it was advertised that way . It also does not look like the cute little manicured plant in the picture . Its branches go every which way , and many are brown . And as the other reviewer says , it comes packaged in a million styrofoam peanuts , which take a half hour to get out and another half hour to get into the trash . This one is going back to my friends at Amazon along with a request that they pay for the shipping .
 We moved into our new house in March and now 9 months later , I 've had to throw the flag out . Initially it looked great and my husband loved it . Yes , it 's been left outside and yes we 've had a couple nasty wind storms but I expected it to last longer than it did . The edge started to tear about 2 inches from the side . I thought I could sew it but once my husband took it down I realized it would n't be possible . I also realized that the S was starting to tear out and there were several other thin/torn spots .
 I expected this to look really cool , but it looks cheap . It comes on a cardboard card covered in a plastic sheeth , and Amazon folded the cardboard over before they shipped it . The damaged packaging made it look even crappier . I sent it back .
 Product is fine , pricing is misleading.I purchased this in June 2009 when it said it was 87 % off list price and is now $ 2.54 per case . I am happy to see that the description says a `` case '' is one cake . It said it was 12 cakes when I purchased it . At the time they graciously refunded my shipping but I still paid for quite pricey suet when Home Depot sells it for about $ 1.29 per cake.In any case , this produce would NEVER sell for $ 19.00 per `` cake '' hence an 87 % discount is completely misleading and I hope no other buys make the mistake I did .
 we ordered 18 chairs at a delivered price of $ 1,805.20 . after looking a 3 we decided that we did not want them and asked the delivery man to take them back . instead he dumped them on our driveway and left . we called the company and the delivery company and asked them to take the chairs back in accordance with amazon 's return policy . we were told that in order to do so we would incur a total delivery charge of $ 763.08 and be charged a restocking fee of 25 % . after many frustrating phone calls , we have decided to give the chairs to a local charity and never to buy anything but books from amazon .
 I ordered two of the other Cepia battery sprayers , the green one , from Ace Hardware . They sent the green one , but charged me for this one , did n't realize that until after I tossed the packaging.Both probably work the same and probably have the same motors , so I 'm putting this review here with the other reviews.One worked , the other did not . Not a battery problem , I spent an hour on them . Long term use unknown . For me , it will be limited use , I can spray faster and cover more with a regular sprayer.Good luck , read all the reviews here , and save the packaging .
 I just bought this sprayer , hoping it would cut down on hand pain from spraying my 40 rose brushes . It worked great at first , for about 2 minutes , then it stopped spraying and seemed to be unable to get the water to the nozzle . We rinsed and cleaned the parts , and changed to new batteries , but it only worked again for a minute and pooped out again . It may be a poor design or a bad motor . I will try again and see .
 Bought three of these for my detailing business . They all broke within a week . Great idea , but they just are cheaply built
 When taken out of the box I immediately noticed that one of the rubber mounts -LRB- dampener -RRB- was broken . Also a hose from the valve cover to the breather was cut almost in two.I then found that the battery was ` dead ' to the extent that my charger would not even recognize it existed.I called Amazon and found that I was SOL with them since it was not a returnable item . I called Coast distribution and asked them to send me the parts so I could make the repairs and they would not do so . They gave me the name of an authorized warranty repair place 25 miles away and told me I had to take it there.I delivered it yesterday and they were very helpful , but they will have to order the parts and hopefully at some time in the future I will have to go pick it up.On a brighter note , before I took it to the shop I tried it out to make sure it would run/work . Of course I had to start it with the pull rope -LRB- dead battery -RRB- , but it did start easily and ran good . I hooked it to my fifth wheel trailer and it ran the air conditioner fine . The noise level was a little higher than I expected , but not too bad . I ran it for about 2.5 hours and it did fine.I have hope that when/if the repairs are successfully completed that it will serve my needs .
 bought a kipor 3000e 4 15 08 guit runing in less than 5 hr they gave me a rebuilt that never was right iam still trying to get something that works no luck
 I bought this gallon jug because the other Maxicrop Liquid Seaweed I had in the 32-35oz . bottle went real fast . Gone in a week after two waterings . And I noticed major new plant growth in that time . So I thought having a gallon of this stuff will help keep them going . Turns out this one only has the soluble potash and chlorine in it . It does n't have the other most important stuff , like the nitrogen and phosphorus . I saw absolutely no new plant life . So I ended up dumping what I did n't use down the sink . The other review said this stuff is the missing ingredient to any garden , but it certainly has some ingredients missing from it . Now I think before you buy any Maxicrop Seaweed item , e-mail the seller and check to make sure the one they carry has all four major ingredients in it
 I purchased a pair of these covers in November 2011 and in September 2012 - they were both cracking and peeling apart . Not even one year worth of coverage ... sad these days that things last so little time .
 It 's a good standard copper plug , used in tons of applications . What 's not good is the price . Caveat emptor
 Although nothing was wrong with this standard Champion plug - the description clearly states &#34; pack of six &#34; . Only one arrived , which left me short in a tune up . Going to Lowes solved the problem , and for much less . If this is what Amazon gets for a single plug , then go to Lowes or Home Depot , and you 'll pay 75 % less .
 Description of this product is wrong this is a pack of six In the description but you receive only one It 's big time miss leading
 Well the price is right but the page and description was hard to understand . It said product feature of six and said pack of 1 so I thought it would come for 1 pasck of six for the price . Add was very misleading and hard to follow . Needs to be fixed becareful when looking at this product
 I tried to purchase this product but the vendor canceled my order without explanation ...
 Bonsai tree received without flower . Not even a bud.Followed direction
 I ordered this plant December 3 , 2011 for Christmas for my brother 's family . It 's too late to get them anything else . Thank you for ruining this Christmas present . This is by far the slowest company I have ever dealt with . It 's almost February . Are you planning on sending the plant December , 2012 ?
 I bought two of these one for my mother and one for my mother-in-law . Within a month , the plants were dead . They followed the directions to the letter , but they still died . Rather frustrating buying a gift only to have it last for a month .
 I dont know if this product is dormant or dead . No leaves , giving it great care . I have a grow lamp on it . Both of my azalea and geranium will have to be reordered . Any advise given will be helpful .
 Not worth the money.The plant that I received is not even close to the pictures that are shown . There is no single trunk , it 's just a bush.Bonsai 's are supposed to look like trees but without a trunk there 's not really anything I can do to remedy this ... Rather disappointed , and I 'm not sure if I can return it or not.What I have received makes me quite suspicious of the 5-star reviews that this product has also received .
 I sent this as a gift to my cousin . She said there were no flowers when she received it and it was very small . I was disappointed .
 i am not happy with the fact that i have to winter my azalea bonsai . im guessing it is just a normal plant that has been cut to make it look like a bonsai . next time i will read the fine print .
 I received this plant for Mother 's Day from my daughter . There were no flowers and looked nothing like the picture . Like several other reviews , the plant was dead within the month , although I followed the instructions . When watering the plant , because the DIRT was so hard , the water just ran right off , rather than soaking in . Finally , I kept it sitting in a pan of water in addition to the regular watering . Unfortunately , by then it was too late . Instead of the package being addressed to me , it was addressed with my daughter 's name and my address . I do not recommend buying this plant .
 The plant looks like it was shaved . It does not look like the picture at all . No quality . I have purchased other bonsai from other vendors and they look great.As if they trimmed the dead leaves to look good but the shape of the plant is bad and after 3 days the leaves are starting to fall .
 I was very disappointed with the Azalea Bonsai Tree . First of all the picture that was represented on this site was not what I actually received . For the money spent , I was truly disappointed with the size and everything else . I would not order this item again .
 I have received this Satsuki Azalea as a gift . The person who gave it to me was very excited ... until the box was opened . Wat we have found in the box was just a small bush , not cut , not trained at all , nothing that was even close to the picture . And I do not mean flowers . Well , I thought that it was my job to train it , which I will do . By no means however it was the intent of the gift giver .
 Item shown with green pottery planter , but NO SUCH PLANTER is included . This is completely misleading ! It is also listed in `` indoor plants '' and the promotional pictures show it both nestling in a cozy living room , sitting on a porch and planted . HOWEVER , when it arrives , it lacks -LRB- 1 -RRB- the pottery container -LRB- arriving in a cheap disposable nursery grow pack , -LRB- 2 -RRB- contains instructions telling the recipient to plant it outdoors no matter what the season.We are asking amazon to explain and/or deliver instructions on using this as a houseplant and delivering the pottery container pictured . I hope they 'll do the right thing !
 I bought this beautiful plant for Mother 's Day and it arrived just right in time , but we are dissapointed when we found out that the pot is broken and obviously you can not grow it . I am sure that Amazon will do some actions about this to compensate our inconvenience .
 AAA Home Furniture Discounts lacks integrity should be avoided at all costs . I have dealt with hundreds of Sellers in the Amazon Marketplace and AAA Home Furniture Discounts is by far the worst . They misrepresented the product , refused to replace it when it arrived damaged , and then taunted me and said they would win against any claim I might file . They are completely unprofessional and never even sent an order acknowledgment or shipping confirmation . DO NOT REINFORCE THIS BEHAVIOR !
 This a cheap knock off of a Stannard wind chime . It is made in China . Very thin aluminum bells sound very tinny . Not a complete waste however . Probably worth about $ 25 .
 I 'm a fan of Beethoven 's Moonlight Sonata , so I 'm very familiar with the notes that are played . In fact , for the past 12 years I had a JW Stannard Moonlight Sonata Wind Chime which was left behind when I recently moved . So I was disappointed to find JW Stannard went out of business . I found this chime online , so I ordered it through Amazon.com . When I got it , I learned it was made in China.That was n't much of an issue until I heard the chimes . Not only did it NOT sound like my old wind chime , but it was defective in that two chimes played the same note ! The specifications say that eight different notes are played . Although there were eight cylinders/chimes arrayed around the clapper in descending/ascending heights , two of them were actually the same length , one was set lower than the other giving the appearance of different sizes . However , they sounded the same note and when I held them next to each other , they were the same length.I spoke with the vendor , who ca n't be blamed , since the vendor gets it from a supplier who ships the item out directly , and arranged to get a replacement chime . The replacement chime also had the same defect . Again , seven notes played on a wind chime that is supposed to play eight notes . I am returning the replacement chimes for a refund.Apart from that , the chimes sounded perfectly , with clear , ringing , resonant tones . The silencing mechanism also worked fine . So if you want a chime to just make random noises , then it would be okay . However , I specifically wanted Moonlight Sonata.I will try again with another vendor , hopefully one who will be able to confirm that eight separate notes will sound off the chimes that 's being sent .
 The cover appears to be made of a tough material but it has a hole in the top . I assume this is for an umbrella . I wish the image/description of the cover would have clearly depicted this as a waterproof layer was the main reason for this purchase . I used a zip tie to close the hole and that appears to work , though not the most elegant choice . I will attempt to reverse it so that it is not visible . Luckily I only purchased one of these I needed to buy at least two . I will look for a more appropriate waterproof layer in my next purchase .
 didnt fit , not at all as advertised . The front of the package didnt even mention echo brand -LRB- like it was advertised -RRB-
 This table cover is much smaller than you think . I did not fit over the table and chairs only the chairs . Also it has a hole for the umbrella that I did not want . The shipping was close to $ 9 and to return it it would have cost another $ 9 . I ended up keeping it because it would have cost me more to send it back than it was worth .
 This timer has no manual override -LRB- you cant turn it on and off to position sprinkler for example , or just turn it on to run manually ! -RRB- . There are other timers that are more versatile and useful . And I believe the price is too high for the few features .
 Read all the reviews and this seemed to be the water timer everyone loved . Unfortunately , I had no luck.Took the product out of the box and read the few instructions included . Hooked it up to the faucet and ... nothing . Took it apart , put it back together , tried again and still nothing . The battery in the product was new but I replaced it just to eliminate that as a problem . Tried a third time and still nothing happened . Brought the timer in the house and put just enough water in it to reach the top . I set the timer and waited to see if the water would flow on through . I heard a `` click '' when the valve should have opened but the water just sat there.I called Amazon and , of course , their fantastic customer service came through for me . They sent another one out and I had it in a couple of days . However , same problems yet again . I asked my husband to give it a try thinking maybe I did something wrong but he could not get either one to work either . So , back they went to Amazon.It sounds like most people love their Claber but , unfortunately , I can not give it a good review because I had 2 that would not work .
 I ordered three Citronella buckets in three different colors . I received three yellow , badly dented and rusted buckets .
 So after purchasing this I found another one on eBay for cheaper and other came faster and with cords/plugs . The soldering job was not so great either . Not so cool .
 I purchased this item on July 2 . Well around July 10 I woke up to a flattened bed . It seemed to have leaked all its air out . I filled it back up with the pump and within an hour it was back down . I can not find the leak anywhere . Any suggestions ? anyone ? It was comfortable though when it was full for those few days . The pump was a little loud but I expected that . It was not that expensive but I did think it would last more that a few days . I do not have the box anymore or I would have sent it back . Thank you .
 Received two of these as gifts . Used once and then stored inside . A couple months later we pulled them out of the closet and both had holes in them where the plastic was folded . Threw them away and decided I will never purchase a Coleman product again . Everything they make is made in China with the cheapest material available . Stay away from these !
 Did n't use it
 i bought this for a guest visit . the air mattress has to be pumped every night , or it goes soft . i do n't think it is that great if the user would have to refill it nightly . also the battery powered air pump is not very convenient , since buying and re-buying batteries is an additional cost to the user.i think i will have to return it . am kind of disappointed , since it 's not as amazing as the reviews portrayed .
 If you move AT ALL when you sleep at night and are a light sleeper , thisis not for you . Whenever you move , it squeaks . This happens no matterhow I pump it up , whether as much as possible , or not all the way , etc. .
 We purchased two J.W. Stannard chimes in 2004 and one lost it 's bottom piece of wood , from a broken string . Though the warranty states 5 years , the 800 # is disconnected and after much digging , the new company -LRB- The Encore Group -RRB- wo n't honor the warranty . Do n't purchase based on the 5 year warranty .
 Well I guess you get what you pay for . Product was smaller than advertised and not as easy to install . I would n't purchase another one . I would also recommend sticking to the stretchable string type version you put over trees to protect from the birds.Not recommended .
 The product itself was decent . The netting I received did not fit the dimension as advertised , the dimension was very awkward -LRB- I ca n't describe its shape , it is like someone just cut itout without measuring -RRB- . Good thing I ordered it bigger than my pond , otherwise it would n't have worked at all .
 Good for one time use unless you permanently mount it . Putting it up and taking down can be done with a lot of effort . I threw it away . Way too hard to handle . Buy a larger mesh net .
 If you are needing netting to cover your pond to keep animals , leaves , etc out for a season then this will do the job . When I went to remove it in the Spring after putting it down in late fall , it pretty much fell apart . I 'll be looking for a more robust product this year .
 I bought this yesterday and upon taking it out of the box , the wheel and axle assembly broke off . The axle was welded on with a spot weld that broke off as I was removing the cultivator from the box ! Terrible design , do n't waste your money .
 Bought the Troy-Built cultivator last spring , used 2 times -LRB- briefly -RRB- , worked well . Third time , the pull start broke . Replaced . Second tiller broke after two uses , same problem . The Troy-Built site had many complaints of tillers breaking after a couple of uses.We had a used Mantis cultivator which I gave to my dad after 30 years of use and it 's still going strong . Forget Troy-Built , go Mantis .
 The shaft broke , less than 3 hours on machine . My soil bed has very few rocks and it took less time to just shovel till the ground . What a piece of junk .
 I purchased the Troy-Bilt 4-Cycle 1.1 HP Gas Cultivator # 144R because it was advertised to be a cultivator/edger . My power edger had just broke and I needed to replace it and I also needed cultivator . That was a mistake!The edger does not work as well as a standard edger . I later purchased an edger.The cultivator on the other hand works well . However the start cord does not retrieve/rewind without continuous help . The back wheels are attached rather loosely and make the cultivator hard to tow from job to job .
 Many Problems . 1 . Black Tube and wire wrapped drive shaft bent and broke . 2 . Tines broke . 3 . Handle broke off on the bottom where it attaches to the lower assembly . 4 . More tines bent and broke and 5 . The cylinder head moves back and forth when the engine runs and spews out the oil.My Previous tiller was a NOMA that I purchased from Lowes and it worked 12 years without problems in the same soil . I could not find a NOMA so I purchased a Mantis because of their iron clad warranty and blemish free reputation .
 I have owned two Troy-Built products . Never again ! They seem to work fine for the first couple of times you use them ; then :1 . Parts start to fall off -LRB- replacement parts are difficult to find ! -RRB- .2 . The darn things just will not start . You can follow the instructions to the letter and , after the first six months , you will spend more time trying to get the machine to run than the task will require.If you want a good machine for no more than 6 months , buy Troy-Built . If you intend to buy something that will give reliable service for a longer period of time , buy something else , anything else .
 The second time I tried to use this the pull start handle holder rattled loose and the nut that held it sheared all the teeth off the flywheel . The rest of it may be rock solid but , the choice to hold the pull start handle up there in that way was a poor choice.Do yourself a favor if you buy one of these take the handle holder off before it rattles off . Its not necessary anyway .
 This is the worst piece of equipment that we have ever bought . We purchased it 31/2 years ago from Lowe 's . Took it home and it would n't start . Took it back to Lowe 's and they would not replace it . They said it had to be sent for repair . The Lowe 's man could not start it either . Came back from repair 1 month later and said they put a new carburator on it . Took it home , and it would not start . Took it back , and another sales person started it . The directions for starting it was wrong in the the Troy Bilt manual that came with it . Managed to use it a couple of times that first year . Last summer , it quit running . Warranty was over . Spent $ 152.00 for another carbureator etc. . Bye the end of that season , it quit running again . Spent $ 25.00 to have somebody else look at . It started up , but now it wo n't start this season . I am not going to use it anymore . I have spent enought money on it and it raises my Blood Pressure cause we have had so much trouble with it . This is the last Troy Bilt product that we will ever buy again .
 Worst piece of equipment I 've ever owned . Bought for light duty use , I have a full size tiller for heavy jobs . Engine dropped a valve in 15 minutes of use and locked up . Poor customer service and parts were back ordered for 3 months .
 Four years ago I purchased a Troy-bilt tiller/cultivator from Lowes ' Home Improvement Center . The first spring I was very pleased with it 's performance with the exception of a crimped fuel line upon purchase . Second year , starting was very difficult . Required excessive priming and the tines were sluggish in rotating . Third year required putting in the shop because tines would not rotate . Fourth year again , tines will not rotate . I am not disputing Troy-Bilt quality , but disappointed because I love to garden and had hoped this would resolve alot of physical labor for me . Instead my tiller has created more labor , expense in repairs and frustration . I feel Troy-Bilt products are one of the best , but feel I happened upon a lemon . While I do n't expect to receive any response , I felt compelled to keep your organization informed on defected products .
 When considering purchasing this Troy-Bilt gas cultivator last month , I was concerned about the earlier review that cited repeated failures of the recoil starting mechanism . However , because that review was over a year old , I figured that Troy-Bilt would have improved the design by now , and nearly all of the other reviews were quite positive , so I ordered the cultivator . Bad decision . After twenty minutes of use -LRB- the cultivator does an excellent job of working the soil -RRB- , I shut off the machine to clear some debris from the tines . When I tried to restart it , the rope had no spring tension and pulled out to its full length and would n't retract . An authorized repair facility told me the spring had n't been wound tightly enough , so they tightened it and tested the starter several times successfully . I then used the cultivator for a few minutes and assumed the problem had been fixed . Wrong . When I tried to start it for my third session , the starter mechanism failed again in the same fashion . Now I will have to take the cultivator back to the repair facility and hope they will order a replacement part . But even if they replace the part , I do n't think I will ever be able to trust this machine to hold up . As an earlier reviewer noted , the Troy-Bilt name does n't mean what it used to . My father bought me a Troy-Bilt Horse model tiller in the mid-1970s , and I used it extensively for twenty years , then gave it to a friend , who is probably still using it . It 's sad that the Troy-Bilt reputation for solid , durable equipment has been tarnished -- if not destroyed -- by MTD 's apparently insufficient commitment to quality .
 Purchased in early April of 2006 due to alledged quality of brand name and it 's been in the service center virtually ever since . First time after 1/2 hour of operation the starter would n't engage . Had it repaired -LRB- mechanic said the starter was of extemely poor design -RRB- . Another 1/2 hour of operation same problem . Had it repaired ran it about 3/4 hour and it began spewing oil everywhere . It took at least 5 weeks to get the determination that it was not repairable -LRB- so much for early gardening season . Now Troy-bilt refuses to refund my money , they just want me to accept another machine.My advice is stay away . Troy-Bilt is n't apparently what they used to be since being acquired by MTD .
 Sadly we did no research before buying , relying on the Troybilt name ... I got this in June 2008 - it 's now mid July 2008 and I 've had this in the shop 3 times for repairs to the starter system . Most recently the repair shop completely replaced the starter system - I picked it up Saturday and I 'm on my way back today -LRB- Wednesday -RRB- because - again - the starter line is not engaged and so the thing ca n't be started . When it works , it 's great , lightweight , just the thing for my raised bed gardens . Sadly the reliability is very poor . Reading through the reviews I see a number of others have had similar problems . Would not recommend this unit .
 The third time I used the tiller the valve spring broke . I repaired that my self . The next time I used it after about 20 min . it started leaking oil and locked up almost instantly . I would not recomend this tiller to my worst enemy . Troy Built used to stand for quality not any more .
 After using an old troy built horse for years I had to choose between mantis and troy built for a small tiller . I chose troy built because of the name . Immediately the transmission gear tore up . It was fixed for free -LRB- after driving about 80 miles -RRB- and very soon was broke again with the same problem . Pieces broke off or fell off , it is now collecting dust in my storage building . The people that repaired it also rented tools and said they recommended mantis because they did not break as easily as the troy built .
 Worked great for two years , then the starter coil would not engage -LRB- sound familiar ? -RRB- . I really think it 's a great idea -LRB- small , lightweight -RRB- but it 's really a crappy product .
 Bought the unit at Lowes 2 years ago at the end of the season and only used it a couple of times just to try it out . I ran the gas out and properly prepped the machine for winter storage . Next season with fresh gas , the machine wo n't start . Took it to the shop and with a new carb and $ 100 later I bring it home and use it a couple more times before the starter rope fails . I fix that and once again prep and store for the winter . This year it finally started , but trust me , it did n't start on the first dozen pulls . Was using the cultivator in the flower bed a couple of days ago , running fine when the engine locked up . I pulled it apart and found the exhaust valve had broke . So , $ 300 up front , $ 100 worth of repairs , and countless blisters and cussings later I 've decided to toss it in the trash . Might buy a Mantis , but no more than I would use one , I 'll likely just use a spade . I have a large tiller and also use a 5 ' tiller for large areas that runs of my tractor PTO.So , for those of you needing a small cultivator for light duty work , buy something else or invest your money in a sharp spade and a good pair of gloves . If you buy the TroyBilt , the weeds will take over or you 'll wind up using the spade anyway .
 This item is complete junk . First one crapped out in < 12 months . Company sent new replacement after long hassle . This one died in < 1 year also . Now not under warranty . Took it to repair shop and they told me it is n't worth it to try to repair it .
 I 've had two units locally . The first worked about 45 minutes , but after turning it off the starter cord would not engage on subsequent use later that day . Returned the unit for a new one . Same problem with new unit
 Add me to the list of unsatisfied users that had their Troy Bilt Tiller break on them . For me it lasted 3 seasons . Sorry , but I ca n't justify $ 100/season for very light duty tilling of my vegetable garden each spring . For this price you should expect 8-10 years of use , not 3.Troy-Bilt should have a class action levied against them for unloading this heap of garbage onto American consumers . As someone else here said , I 'll check out the Mantis tillers next season .
 This is one of the worst machines I have ever operated . I should have known there was trouble when the instructions told me to prime the engine a ridiculous amount of times . Not only is this a hard starting machine cold , warm it 's even harder . And then to top it all off , the third time I used this cultivator -LRB- on a garden that has been tilled twice a year for four years -RRB- it ate up the drive gear . I have less than three hours on it and it 's headed for the curb with the rest of the garbage .
 Tines and tires work against each other and dirt and grassball up between tines and tires . I just purchased this machineMarch 29 , at Lowe 's in Longview , Texas . I would like to returnthe machine for a full refund . If you have a machine that thetines and the tires go in same direction I would try that one.I am not happy with this tiller . Please reply .
 Tines and tires work against each other and dirt and grassball up between tines and tires . I just purchased this machineMarch 29 , at Lowe 's in Longview , Texas . I would like to returnthe machine for a full refund . If you have a machine that thetines and the tires go in same direction I would try that one.I am not happy with this tiller . Please reply .
 MTD purchased Troy-Bilt a few years back and has decided they have no interest in supporting the dealer network or customers who bought PRE-MTD Troy-Bilt equipment . Specifically the Troy-Bilt 42012 Snow Thrower . They make no recommended engine replacement , offer no spec for the engine refuse to even attempt to work with Tecumseh on a recommended replacement . In short , all dealers are unsupported as are the customers . What they are interested in is taking the Troy-Bilt name and that is it . A reputable company -LRB- the REAL Troy-Bilt -RRB- would have worked with the dealer -LRB- their dealer who originally sold the machine -RRB- to find a replacement then document it to their entire dealer network so it would become a non-issue . Troy-bilt chose not to do this . I would think twice if I am a consumer or dealer on how MTD , brands also Club Cadet , Yardman , Bolens , McColloch , and MTD treat their dealers and past customers . If you looking to purchase something the manufacture will stand behind , do n't purchase this . To MTD it is disposable and so are their customers . Hope this helps .
 Bought Troy Bilt Pony baised on thier claim built to last a life time . It lasted about 4 hours before the welds on the handle broke . Have to admit it did a great job while it worked .
 Bought this for my above ground pool , was supposed to work on my pool , but it was far too big and hung down in the water . Filled with water and leaves on top . . big mess.Was always wet , ended up drying it out and never used it again .
 We 've only used this cover for about 3-4 weeks . 8 foot pool with 8 foot cover . It tore right on the vertical seam directly above the tie line . It was extremely tight from the first time we used it , but seemed like it was made well . Wrong . Before the seam tore -- which has now branched out to the top horizontal seam going around the pool -- one of the small holes in the center tore . We do n't have any children and are very careful with items we purchase . So , after just 4 weeks we are contemplating a tarp or purchasing another cover at least one or two sizes larger . That would fix the issue with it being to way to tight , but I do n't have any idea why the ventilation hole would tear . I want to go with a tarp , but then we have to fuss with a line/rope around the top every time . Outside of the cover being a hassle , we love the pool . I highly recommend you buy a cover one size larger than your pool size .
 The other reviews would have been helpful if I had seen them . The picture nor description show that the new product has several small holes and one big hole -LRB- with screen -RRB- in the center . I had a previous cover -LRB- without -RRB- holes that worked great . I presume the holes in the new version are to prevent drownings , but no explaination is given . The new version tends to sink , allows water to evaporate , and allows dirt to get into the pool . It is better than nothing , but I prefer the old version . My reaction may have been different if they had bothered to change picture and / or desfription .
 Very dissapointed at product , not as it was listed , or as viewed on picture at all ! Make sure you order Intex brand and NOT Intex Style , might as well use a paint tarp from Home Depot for a lot less
 It 's difficult to get it to fit as shown in the photo . It quickly sags into the water . In addition there are holes in the middle of it so that any trash that does land on the cover quickly goes through the holes and into the water . We tried to correct the problem by placing a pvc support stand in the middle of it to lift the center out of the water . That worked well for about two weeks then the thin material ripped . It ended up being just a throwaway item . Too much trouble to return.What we did instead is purchase a tarp from the local hardware store , tossed the tarp over the pool , wrapped a rope around the entire edge and that solution has been serving us well for months . Go grab a tarp , it 's a better long term solution .
 The size of the holes in top lets EVERYTING in . Also the string to hold the cover on has to be tied , it is not a draw string , which makes it difficult to get tight . Heavy wind blew it off .
 The 10 ' x 10 ' cover is made of sturdy materials and appeared to be well made . However , when using it to cover my 10 ' x 10 ' pool , I found that it was much too large and that it laid in the water instead of stretching across the top . Attempts at using the drawstrings to tighten the cover across the pool were in vain , and actually resulted in the cover splitting where the crawstrings come out . Great design , good material , just entirely too big for my size pool . I 'd imagine it would work well with the 12 ' x 12 ' model .
 I was not impressed with this product . I have a 10-foot pool and needed a cover for it . I did receive it in 2 days but When I went to cover my pool , I found out it didnt fit . It was to big . If i would have known I would have ordered a smaller one but it said it fits a 10-foot pool . I also did not like the way it tied around the pool and sunk down in the middle and had holes all threw it . I would not recommend this cover .
 I got this to keep leaves out of our little INTEX 8 ' pool . It comes with a bunch of holes in the center of the cover which pretty much defeats the intended purpose as all the smaller leaves , twigs , bugs , and dust end up in the pool . There was no explaination in the packaging ... I can only guess it was to make it easier to remove after a rainstorm ? We ended up cutting the middle out -LRB- with the holes -RRB- and sewwed our own solid piece of plastic tarp material in place of it . Works like a charm -LRB- now -RRB- . P.S. Love the INTEX pool though !
 We have purchased other pool covers in the past that have been more effective at keeping rain water and tree debris out of the pool . Unfortunately , the description did NOT include DEBRIS COVER - or state that there were small drain holes . We have had to do more pool cleaning and treating since using this cover because of the debris that had gotten through the holes . When taking the cover off , the water comes back through to the top which makes it heavier to pull and actually sinks rather than floating on top . Very disappointed.Intex Easy Set 15-Foot Pool Cover
 As other reviewers have stated , there are `` drain holes '' in the cover . They 're pretty large in my opinion -LRB- about quarter sized , give or take -RRB- and do allow quite a lot of dirt/insects into the pool despite the cover being on . This could possibly be remedied if the holes were all mesh covered , however , on the one I bought -LRB- 10 ' size -RRB- * none * of the holes have mesh . The 12 ' cover seems to have one larger drain hole in the center that is covered with mesh vs the dozen or so completely open holes that the 10 ' cover has scattered around the top . If I could find the box for it , I would probably return it and try the 12 ' cover , since the 10 ' is pretty large on the 10 ` x30 '' pool anyway .
 In my first attempt to tighten the cover around the pool , the strings provided cut directly through the flimsy plastic . Save your money .
 If you intend to keep dirt , bugs , rain water , leaves , ect . out of your pool with this cover , DO NOT buy this cover . Water comes through the holes making it impossible to get the cover off without dumping everything into the pool . The only reason I use this cover is to keep the sun out , making the chlorine last longer .
 Very reasonable price , but tore very easily . The cover ripped the day we took it out of the box . Every day that we removed it from the pool it ripped a little more . For the price , consider it disposable . It is great buy for one summer 's use .
 I have a 15 foot Easy Set pool and this cover was way too small . It was at least a foot and a half too short to get across the pool .
 This piece of Chinese dung has holes in it !!! Worthless . Run away from this one , folks . My first single star having made dozens of purchases via Amazon .
 We were looking for a cover that keeps debris out of the pool , guess what , this cover does not do this . I had more debris in the pool than without a cover . The holes should not be there in the first place , it accumulated more water on the top than when I had a tarp over the top of the pool and it did not keep dandelions , weeds or leaves out of the pool , so I would say this was a total waste of time and money . I have returned the item and unless the design is fixed , I will not be buying another pool cover from Intex . .
 These Intex covers are not the solid cover , but a `` debris cover '' . Debris covers have straining holes in them and are supposed to keep out sticks , leaves , birds , squirrels and the like , while letting rain water go thru . However , I have found that they do not do so well with dust and dirt AND they like to SINK . I rate them a ` better than nothing ' cover
 It worked perfectly well for about the first week and then it tore when we were trying to tighten it around the pool . After that , there was no way to secure it . It would blow off or into the pool with the tinest amount of wind . Unfortunately , it was pretty much a waste of money .
 Shipping was great , arrived on time ... Why put small circular holes all over it ... Does n't show these in the photo.Bought it to keep the neighbors tree leaves out ... The holes let them in ... Cover also does not stay tight around the top . . even when putting a double bow in the strings to try to keep it snug.It became a lawn mover cover ...
 In just a few months the Intex Easy Set 10-Foot Round Pool Cover stretched out of shape . It still protected the pool for the most part , but allowed the cover to flap in the wind . Overtime , the stretching caused the cover to sink below the water in the middle allowing debris to mix with the water . The cover would slip out from under the debris -LRB- like leaves -RRB- when removing . Finally , the seam across the middle began separating . I contacted the seller , but was told their was no warranty . I ca n't recommend it for more than 1 summer -LRB- 2 to 3 month before separating -RRB- . We finished out the summer even with the separation , but used a great deal of care to keep it from progressing . Blue duct tape ?? It 's probably not a bad deal if you can get free shipping .
 We ordered it especially for our 8way ft. pool and ut was so big on it . It hung over the sides and almost to the ground . Wind got undet it and flew it right off !
 Pool cover made out of thin material and did not stay on pool . While trying to put cover over pool it tore .
 I 've used this pool cover for almost a year , and i have ben nothing but happy with it . It seems to be very strong , and have not had a problem with it .
 This pool is super easy to install and very cheap . Unfortunately , the vulnerability of the inflatable circular ring which holds up the sides of the pool to punctures and leaks makes this item a less than ideal buy . I have gone through several of these pools in the past 3 years before deciding to purchase the Intex metal framed model which seems to be much more durable . In addition , the filter pump that comes with this pool is junk . It never lasts more than a month before it stops working . I ended up purchasing a higher quality pump which has been operating for over 2 years without any problems .
 This fits and its of decent quality . However , it has holes in it for whatever reason and so there is constantly water on the top and then god forbid a bird shits on it or there is a storm and debris collects on it . Now you have a disgusting mix of crap in your pool . If I had to do it again , I 'd opt for one without HOLES ON IT . That is just silly .
 We have a 7 ' 6 '' pool and this cover would n't even make it from one side to the next . Also , get this it has holes in the center . Why would I want a pool cover with holes in the middle ??? The idea is to keep dirt and rain out not sift it . Since shipping it back would be about the same as a refund its going in the garbage or to Goodwill . JUNK !
 The cover ripped on the second day I was very disappointed and I now have to get a new one from somewhere else !!!
 This did not fit my 10 foot pool . I maybe could have really stretched it with the someones help . Disappointed that I could not return it .
 i bought the pool set and the cover and it has just been impossible to close it by myself - the cover is too small and that makes it totally useless .
 We have purchased other pool covers in the past that have been more effective at keeping rain water and tree debris out of the pool . Unfortunately , the description did NOT include DEBRIS COVER - or state that there were small drain holes . We have had to do more pool cleaning and treating since using this cover because of the debris that had gotten through the holes . When taking the cover off , the water comes back through to the top which makes it heavier to pull and actually sinks rather than floating on top . Very disappointed.Intex Easy Set 15-Foot Pool Cover
 What a waste of time and money this purchase was -LRB- to me -RRB- . The description says the cover is used to keep stuff out of the pool ... how is that even possible with the size and amount of holes there are on it ? Half inch round hole do nothing but let just about everything through , with the exception of large leaves and twigs from the tree above . Again , a waste of time and money , in my opinion.The only thing satisfactory was Amazon 's quick and hassel-free return policy .
 I dont know wht a debris cover wuld have holes in it ! Who ever did this is not very smart ! There are no pros with this product.Cons lets in bugs debris and rain water .
 Yes , this cover will prevent small saplings , frisbees , and yard animals from getting in your pool , but you might as well have no cover . I will cover a sparkling clean beautiful pool one night and open it in the morning to a dirty , debris filled mess . Disappointing .
 The cover that I was sent has several holes -LRB- 1/2 '' -RRB- in the middle . That may be for safety ?? but I am not sure why they put them in the cover.The cover does n't fit snug like the picture . It could hang half way down the side of the 36 '' pool but is designed to fit snuggly under the inflated portion of the pool . It is just too large even though it is labeled for the 12 ' pool . Even pulling the draw strings to the max only allows more of the cover to sink down INTO the pool.When the cover is put on , it lays right on top of the water . So , water seeps on top of the cover and eventually has a LARGE pool of water on top of it . Dirt and debris is then blown onto the the top and in the water which then enters the water in the pool under the cover and when the cover is removed even more gets into the pool . Even with the cover not being removed for several days , dirt etc settles down on the water-covered cover and in time gets drawn down into the pool.I thought of leaving the cover off because it was difficult for 1 me to put on by myself and because it did n't do much to keep the pool clean . However , it does help a little bit to keep the water warmer than if the cover is left off at night . Heat DOES escape through the holes though so it is n't that great at conserving heat , only a little better than without the cover.The cover with the holes in it IS NOT VERY GOOD in my opinion .
 I do not recommend this product . It is very hard to put on , specially with only one person . If you live in a windy area , do n't even think about putting it on . It flies off !!
 I purchased the cover thinking it would work great with my round pool so i could keep the leaves and dust out fo the water which in term would save me from having to change the water all the time . What a waste of money , withing the week it got ripped where you tied it . Then it rained and it sagged bringing leaves and dirt into the pool . NOT A GOOD BUY AT ALL !!!
 This is a nightmare to setup in uneven territory . Tried 5 different spots in my yard and never worked.Wasted money ! Get yourself a membership at the YMCA and save yourself some money .
 I received this product and placed it on my pool the following day . As soon as I tightened the cord to hold it snug on the pool the cord ripped right out of the cover . Decided to use a nice heavy duty tie down tarp instead .
 I like the holes in the top because it makes removing easy . My problem is after less than a week the seam that holds the pull tie started coming apart . It 's basically a tarp since you ca n't really get it tight . Next year I will spend more for a better product .
 i had one of these from last year and it worked great . the tie on it ripped the plastic and i ordered 2 more as i figured the same thing would happen as much as we take it on and off and they were cheap enough . well , the two i bought will not stay on the pool . the sides of the cover werent made long enough and it keeps slipping up and then the least little wind blows it off . it was a waste of money and now i have 2 of them and cant use them . i hate this product . why dont they just make them to fit the pool . i have the intex pool they are suppose to fit .
 First time placing the pool cover on , pulling on the string to tie and secure , the insert section for the rope string was torn first thing.Disappointed in that had understood the cover to be secured by an elastic edge -LRB- from various reviews , commentary -RRB- but it was really rope string that had to be pulled tightly to secure . Our pool was a bit unlevel -LRB- but not terribly -RRB- and this may have contributed to the problem but definitely needed 2-3 people to try and get it on . Really unhappy that it would tear so easily and ca n't imagine having to put this cover on the pool on a daily basis . We left it off after this and do n't imagine we 'll get much use out of it due to lack of ease as well as the damage that already exists from the very first time . Too bad since we 've enjoyed the actual pool purchase .
 I purchased this cover thinking it would be the perfect size for my eight foot wide circular wading pool . However , clearly the cover was too small . I can only think that maybe the Intex eight foot pools are not really eight feet wide at the top . Had it fit , though , it would have been ideal for my purposes .
 We have a 12 ' pool and our old cover -LRB- the one that came with the pool -RRB- worked great . It wrapped completely around the tube and we were able to pull it tight and it stayed on in all kinds of winds . This cover barely reaches . In fact it does n't wrap all the way around the blow up tube and the wind keeps blowing it off . It is simply too small . I recommend ordering a different brand or ordering a 14 ' one . Also this type of material does n't allow the sun to warm the water , it is too thick . Do n't waste your money on this one .
 Picture is VERY misleading . It is not blue , but more of an army grey color . It is not stiff , but more like a car cover . Once the cover is one , which is difficult by oneself , it ties . It you do n't tie it tight enough , and there is a strong wind , it will blow away . Also , there is no way to get it as taught as in the picture . There are about 10 holes around the center which allows a lot of debris in . This is not anything like the picture at all .
 I am really disappointed in this cover ; I am going to buy a better cover next year . When it rains water just sit in it and it is has made the cover bigger ; it is so thin and cheap made . I have to get a shop vac to get the water off the cover before I remove it . It is very hard to take off and on . Spend more money and get something better ; it is not worth the money .
 This cover wasnt very sturdy ! The first time I put it on and pulled the darw string , the plastic ripped ! It doesnt fit as well as the photo shows it therefore is not keeping the leaves ect . out of the pool . My rating would be a 2 stars .
 This pool cover has about 6 or so large holes in it - 5 '' diameter . I 'm not sure why . But because of that , some water from the pool ends up on top of the cover and when you take the cover off , any dirt the cover kept out flows right into the pool through the holes . So I assume this cover is just to keep the UV rays of the sun from burning off your chlorine . It does a good job of that , but it literally is useless for keeping dirt out . Unless I 'm using it wrong .
 I have a very nice carved slate table and I wanted a clear cover to use , so the table itself could be seen underneath . Do n't waste your time on these cheap covers . I figured for only $ 8 I would try it and see , but it is not a cover at all . It is more like a large piece of clear raincoat you see tourists wearing . It is completely flat with no corners shaped for the table , so the edges just drape over the sides and pockets . The tip of each `` corner '' has what looks like a coin about the size of a nickel sewn in it to weigh the edges down over the sides . I threw it in my garage to use as a rain cover instead if I ever need one . Save your time and $ 8 , and buy one of the real table covers for $ 20 - $ 30 .
 There are holes in the cover -LRB- for ventiation I guess -RRB- and they let stuff in including water . The water eventually fills up on top of the cover & then the cover becomes to heavy to pull off without all the junk that has landed on top of the pool cover going in too . Also , by having the pool covered and the fact that the `` filtration system '' is n't too swift -LRB- to keep the water moving -RRB- , algae & mildew form in the pool . So , I think I 'm just going to try a small swimming pool net instead .
 My cover from last year needed to be thrown out at the end of the season , so I bought this one . It actually fit , which surprised me since a lot of the reviews said their 's did n't . But here it is June 12th and the darn thing is ripped along a seam already !!! I guess I 'm better off buying a tarp since I 'm NOT going to buy another one of these !
 recommended by Toyrus to purchase with 15 ` x42 splasher pool package . ITEM DID NOT FIT . Toyrus will not refund or exchange , I am now stuck with item I can not use eventhough item was recommended by Toyrus .
 This pool cover for the 12 ' Easy Set pool is flimsy compared to the cover we got with the 10 ' pool . It ripped at the tie the first time we used it . It was pretty cheap though so I guess I got what I paid for .
 What a poor cover ! took 4 people to get the darn thing on . Like the pool !
 There are Holes in this cover so that rain water can go into the pool so you can remove the cover easily , but these holes let the pool water flood the cover and any dirt or debris can now get in the pool . The person who thought this was a bright idea was very stupid , but hey it 's made in china go figure . NOW here is the fix to this problem
 Seemed to be a very durable cover until I pulled the string to tighten it and the side ripped out . . I believe it is a good cover , just the pocket the rope is in is a little weak . . I did n't contact the seller because I really needed it and it has served its purpose , just ca n't keep it tight over the pool . .
 I can not get this small piece of flimsy film on my 8 foot pool because it is too small . Also , this is not a solid cover - another point of contention about appropriate advertising .
 The picture does not show `` drain holes '' , otherwise I would n't have purchased this . I have a 7 ft diameter pond in which I keep a fountain during the non-winter months . I purchased this cover , thinking it would be a great way to coving the pool area and keep out leaves and water . It does n't even seem to fit my 7ft diamter pool , even though it says it will cover an 8 ft pool . The `` holes '' in the cover defeats my purpose of keeping water out during the winter months .
 I purchased this pool cover from Quality Adventure LLC via Amazon.com in early July , and by early August , it started ripping in several places -LRB- just by TOUCHING it ! -RRB- , as well as begun disintegrating into the water of the pool ! I contacted Quality Adventure this when it was clear there was a HUGE problem with quality of the cover , but they denied that I responded early enough and refused to reimburse me for the garbage that they 'd sold me.In addition , their communication tactics were less than friendly , and it was clear they did not care about customer satisfaction in my case . The purchase was a small amount of money , so maybe they thought I did n't matter?Also , this had not only become a customer service issue , it was a HEALTH issue , since the result of the cover disintegration left millions of bits of microscopic plastic clouding the water of my little 8-foot pool , which were virtually impossible to get rid of with skimming . We had to fill/empty the pool several times to wash out the junk.When my inquiry to the seller was rejected , I contacted Amazon customer service - they were helpful at first , and filed an a-to-z - guarantee claim on my behalf right away . I was happy to know that the matter would be looked into.However , I just found out that my claim was denied , because the pool cover disintegrated JUST PAST the 30 day deadline . In the past , I 've been satisfied with the way Amazon has handled customer service issues . This time is an exception.All I can say is BUYER BEWARE ! DO NOT PURCHASE THIS POOL COVER IF YOU EXPECT IT TO LAST LONGER THAN A MONTH.I 've been shopping Amazon for years , and this was by far the WORST purchase I 've made .
 I 've got to say I 'm pretty disappointed in this product.I do n't have a ton of debris like leaves and things blowing around my back yard , but I do have quite a few bugs . I was hoping that the cover would work well enough to keep bugs out , and maybe the occasional leaf out of my new pool.I sure wish I had read all of the reviews for this item , I would definitely have seen that there were a ton of tiny holes . Bugs get right through those holes.I bought the cover based on the picture , which is not the picture shown currently . The picture showed the cover tight over a pool just like mine , if there 's a way to get it that tight , without the cover dipping into the water , I sure ca n't figure it out . The first time I tried to pull the strings tighter , the plastic holding the string in ripped about 3 inches.What this means is that the pool cover rests on top of the water , and even sinks in a little bit because of the holes . Other reviews say that you 'd get a bunch of water if it rains , making it harder to take off . I contend that you get just as much water on top of the cover WITH the holes.All in all , the only thing I 'm satisfied with about this pool cover is the fact that it does n't come off in big storms . I imagine that has as much to do with the amount of surface that is in contact with the pool as it does with proper design .
 I have never left a negative review for a product before , but after my last very frustrating struggle with this cover , I thought people should be warned ! FYI - there are large holes in this cover -LRB- I 'm not sure what they are for -RRB- that allow debris to get in despite covering the pool . Not only that , but the holes allow the cover to sink several inches into the pool . When there are dozens of gallons of dirty water on top of the cover it is impossible to remove - without dumping all the dirty water into the pool ! It 's making me crazy . It just does n't do it 's job ! We used to have a transparent blue pool cover -LRB- I think we got it at Kmart for our smaller pool , and it was probably a generic brand -RRB- that was wonderful ! No holes at all , and it served as a solar cover and heated the water up quite nicely . It was wonderful ! I guess that is what I was expecting with this one . I would highly recommend not getting this ! I am going to try covering the holes with duct tape to see if that might work to keep the water and gunk out - we will see !
 I regret to said `` not happy with this product '' . the first time we put this to cover the pool , it tore and it as been down hill each time . I would love to return it but lost the reciept . Since purchasing it , we can not been able toIntex Easy Set 10-Foot Round Pool Coverkeep it on the pool because it is so tored up and will not stay on the pool .
 I bought the pool cover to help keep my pool water clean , keep bugs and other stuff out . It did a pretty good job for that but I did n't realized it would be a breeding ground for algea ! My pool water was cleaner from debris but got a little slimey on the bottom . Next thing I buy will be a filter w/a skimmer instead .
 I do n't know how most of you can give this 5 stars ? Do you people work for Intex ? Or just smoking something nasty ? I replaced this 4 times in one season . Twice under warranty . It rips like paper . Cheaply made , no durability what 's so ever , you can pretty much poke your finger through it with very little effort . C'mon folks , let be honest here . If you want a good cover , get it made customer and better order a reel for it , so you can reel it off and onto your pool , or you 're going to have the time of your life putting this on an 18X48 pool .
 not the same as pictured it has a clear hole in the middle with serveral holes around the cover that I did n't expect that was not on the orginal cover I had bought with the pool
 I live in the desert and bought the pool to keep cool during the summer months . I also bought this pool cover to help keep the dust out of the pool , keep the water and chlorine from evaporating but this pool cover has about a dozen 1/2 dollar size holes in the cover . If i would have known this i would not have bought it and just got an old fashion tarp to do the job . One good breeze actually blew the cover off the pool .
 It broke after the second use . color fade . Try to ask for exchange and send the item back . They rejected my item without the RA # outise the box . If they just simply open the envelope outside the box with the UPS note , they will not reject my item . I paid for my shipping course for return . it ends up my shipping cost more than the item cost . NOT recommended to anyone planning to buy this item and dealing with this company .
 I did n't mind that it tore after my first season , the thing did not fit right . If it would fit like in the picture , it would work . I bought the solar cover this season , it is too big too and do n't have the holes in the middle . Even with the holes it collects too much water . I think they should redesign these things . I love my pool though .
 I `` LOVE '' my Intex Pool ... I was pleasantly surprised at it 's quality , durability , and ease at putting it up/getting it down for storage -- my 9 year old -LRB- and the rest of our family , too ! -RRB- have found it to be a wonderful source of entertainment/exercise . HOWEVER ... I was neither happy with the original pool cover that came with the pool or this particular replacement cover that I was sent when I contacted the company about the included cover that came with the pool kit - ripping , after only a few weeks of use . Even with CAREFUL use ... I found both covers inferior to do the job they were intended to do . This cover , inparticular , has holes in it , which may help for drainage -- but I found that the debris and rain water drains INTO the pool through those holes . As with the original cover , the rope tie is very inconvenient and in both cases did NOT serve a real purpose in making using the cover to it 's full ability - actually , using the rope ties to sufficiently tighten the cover over the pool is nearly impossible unless you have an hour to ` play with it ' and several people working the circumference of the pool to navigate and monitor the snugness . The rope pull does not move easily through the casing that surrounds the cover and even with being exceptionally careful -- causes rips/tears at the opening where the strings of rope hang out of the cover , when you try to accurately adjust it . I do n't know the solution -LRB- perhaps an elastic trim around the rim of the cover and NO HOLES would help -RRB- ... I just feel that I should n't be buying a new cover every year -LRB- The $ $ $ adds up -RRB- ... and , in conclusion , I would n't mind paying for an exceptional cover -- if it actually made maintaining my pool 's cleanliness alot easier ! This cover does not tend to do that !!
 The picture of the cover is a little off . The cover actually has a few small holes in the center and a few more closer to the edge which lets rain water and some dirt through . Overall it does it 's job . If you have a 12 ' pool the cover works but will hit the ground it 's sooversized ... .
 Ok maybe I 'm crazy but you would think that a pool cover would cover your pool and keep stuff from getting in correct ?? then why are there 10 quarter size holes in the top of this pool cover ? rain , bugs , leaves , etc still get in it , why do I even have a pool cover ? I would not recommend this pool cover .
 With the plethora of holes in this thing , the bird poop , bugs , grass etc. get into your water , the exact thing you are trying to keep out . This cover is worthless , look for one without `` drain holes ''
 I understand running out of stock . Usually there would be a `` out of stock '' sign . I had my credit card charged on June 30th . Today July 5 I get an email saying that I now have an estimated ship date so I look and it says August 8 - September 2 ??????????? I wanted to use it for pool season ... I do n't know if the pool will make it till next year ... I guess next year I will have a pool cover at least ...
 This is not what it appears to be . It is a debris cover , not a solid cover . It also ties around the edges instead of having an eleastic band to cinch it to the upper rim . When you tighten down on the string to cinch the cover tight the flimsy plastic skin will tear . There are holes in the center that will lay into the water and then let the water come through . This will nearly pull the cover off the pool . You can not get the string tight enough to keep it under the rim and out of the water . In the wind , this cover does n't have a chance . THis is just shy of useless .
 You need at least 3 people to put the cover in a 12 ' pool . And when I tried to tighten the cord to fasten the cover to the pool , the vynil ripped . So now we have a useless cover . I contacted Intex and I am waiting for an anwer.albertocardonape@gmail.com
 As you probably already know , this cover has holes . These holes are meant for rain water to be able to drain into the pool , so that you can take it off after a heavy rain . Although that makes sense , the holes are much bigger than necessary -LRB- approx . 2 inches in diameter -RRB- and allow leaves , bugs , and basically ANY debris to easily accumulate in the pool . Smaller drainage holes or , better yet , a mesh lining could easily prevent these contaminants from getting into the pool , but INTEX just decided to punch a bunch of big holes into the `` cover '' . Unfortunately , this is just a poorly designed cover that really does n't seem to serve any purpose except to advertise for INTEX . If you are looking for a cover to help keep debris out of your pool , look somewhere else , because this one is all but useless .
 The pool cover has 10 perfectly shaped holes in the center & 10 more about a foot out from the center ones . This was not in the description . The manufacturer said it was so water does n't lay on top . The problem with that is debris falls through the holes , with rainwater that would have been on the top of the cover .
 I purchased this item to try and keep debris out of my pool . It does , I mean did that job until it ripped . The problem with this product is that it is not made out of a very good material and rips very easily . Especially along the seams where it ties . If the product was made out of something more durable I would buy another one , but instead I will stick with a tarp . So if the manufacturer reads this take note ... Make it out of a better material instead of sandwich baggie grade plastic .
 Poor design . I understand why there needs to be holes , but why not cover those holes with a fine mesh or something ? We have a tree that puts off tiny seeds each year and the cover was pretty much useless for us . My husband now puts on the cover and then a tarp over that . Hopefully after the tree stops seeding it will work properly ...
 This is a nightmare to setup in uneven territory . Tried 5 different spots in my yard and never worked.Wasted money ! Get yourself a membership at the YMCA and save yourself some money .
 We purchased the Intex pool cover to keep the dirt and debris out of the pool when it was not being used . Unlike the picture , the cover does have about 6 holes near the center . I can only assume this is to let rainwater through . Any dirt or small items that land on the cover , usually end up inside the pool . The filters are not so great on these pools , so any added dirt is a pain.I tore a small hole in the one corner while putting it on last night . I 'm guessing it wo n't last us past this summer . It is cheap , and it does keep out the large debris . I just wish it was a litter more sturdy .
 I bought this cover just over a month ago . We have used it two times prior to tonight . After it was used , we would remove it the following morning and put it away . While putting it on our pool today , my husband went to tie it and the strings ripped . They were completely dry rot all the way around the cover and now the cover is completely unusable . I do NOT recommend this item .
 I have the cover for the Intex 8 foot pool . Looks so nice and snug in the picture . It does n't fit on my pool like that ! The best I can do is lay it on top of the water . Am I doing something wrong ????????
 This pool cover is manufactured with eight 2-inch holes arranged around the cover . If you want to prevent debris in the pool , or even retain some solar warmth , keep looking . This thing is a joke .
 First time placing the pool cover on , pulling on the string to tie and secure , the insert section for the rope string was torn first thing.Disappointed in that had understood the cover to be secured by an elastic edge -LRB- from various reviews , commentary -RRB- but it was really rope string that had to be pulled tightly to secure . Our pool was a bit unlevel -LRB- but not terribly -RRB- and this may have contributed to the problem but definitely needed 2-3 people to try and get it on . Really unhappy that it would tear so easily and ca n't imagine having to put this cover on the pool on a daily basis . We left it off after this and do n't imagine we 'll get much use out of it due to lack of ease as well as the damage that already exists from the very first time . Too bad since we 've enjoyed the actual pool purchase .
 My wife wanted a tiller for Christmas this past year , so after some research I got this one for her . At the time it seemed the best overall choice , within our budget -LRB- well ... sort of , but did I mention she is my wife ? -RRB- and I was going on the Troy-Bilt name/reputation . Was I ever wrong ... First the good . This is not my tradition but what the heck . Besides , it 's a short list :1 . The B&S ; 6.0 HP engine is a dream to start and has power to burn . It also seems to be pretty easy on gas.Now the bad -LRB- See , I told you it was a short list -RRB- :1 . On last years model -LRB- this one -RRB- the tines turn in the SAME direction as the driven wheels , and at TWICE THE SPEED . Can you guess what happens when you run into some tough soil or rocks ? That 's right . The tines dig in , the front lifts up and the drive wheels lose traction . If you 've ever wondered how an Astronaut feels during a launch , I can tell you from experience.This thing is DANGEROUS for all but the most mighty and skilled !!! In the first half hour I managed to till about 25 sq.ft . down only about an inch and completely exhaust myself in the process . And my wife is supposed to use this thing ???? `` I do n't think so , Tim . `` 2 . There is no neutral in the transmission . In fact , there IS only one gear in the transmission . `` Power reverse '' is accomplished though a belt and pulley system that fools the transmission into thinking it 's going forward . To put the machine in `` neutral '' you must remove a hitch pin at each of the wheels , tilt the machine up and shove the wheel inward on the axle , then reinstall the hitch pin . And on both sides . If you have a large yard , as we do , and if you are storing this machine in a tight little shed this is very inconvenient . I would drive it to where I need to go with it except that it 's much faster to walk it there . It only goes about 1/4 MPH at full bore .3 . The bail for engaging the tines and drive system is very hard to reach and control . It has to move too far to engage the drive and is not controllable due to it 's angle once drawn up to the handle . Against the instructions , I loosened the cable as far back as I could get it just to get maximum slack and it 's still uncomfortable , even for me and I have big hands -LRB- re
 I purchased one of these tillers on reputation of Troy Built.That was the first mistake . It will not till hard packed soil or any sod . I even contacted the factory and purchased extra weights and a spur to try and controll it . If you are tilling and hit a hard spot , hold on for life , or let it go . The forward rotating tines will drag you with it when they come out of the soil . -LRB- by the way I weight 200lbs -RRB- . This tiller is dangerous to operate , because when it comes on top of the soil the tines are rotating faster than the wheels , thus it takes off.I tried to trade it back to the dealer where I purchased it , and he wanted so much difference , I finally sold it thru the newspaper and bought a counter rotating tiller . A world of difference.If you have loose soil or a sandbox to till , this tiller might work .
 We tried the super bronco after hearing the saleman 's pitch . The machine itself sounds superior to others we checked out but the test is in the trying . It worked great in the ground that we had already tilled just a week before , it made the ground soft and almost fluffy . But my husband got a little close to the outer edge of the tilled ground and the maching took off at a full gallop taking him along for a ride . He almost got hurt . Since the tines rotate forward , as soon as you hit a little harder ground it goes full speed ahead and there 's no holding back . And if your ground is n't perfectly soft it wo n't till , it just drives on top of the ground . We took it back , it 's not for general tilling , only re-tilling , and even then it has to be really soft .
 I RECENTLY BOUGHT A SUPER BRONCO AT AN AUCTION , THE MACHINE LOOKED LIKE NEW , AND BELIEVE ME IT DID NOT TAKE VERY LONG TO FIGURE OUT WHY . WHEN I GOT HOME I CHECKED THE GAS AND OIL , GAVE IT ONE PULL AND IT WAS PURRING LIKE A KITTEN . WHAT A DEAL , I WAS REALLY KIND OF PROUD OF MYSELF FOR GETTING A TROY BILT TILLER , AS EVERYONE KNOWS , THE BEST AROUND , AT A VERY GOOD PRICE . O.K. LETS GIVE IT A TRY IN THE GARDEN , WE WILL REV UP THE TROTTLE A BIT AND PUT THIS BEAUTY INTO GEAR . THE REST IS A NIGHTMARE , I UNLEASHED THE BEAST , I AM DAM LUCKY THAT MY WIFE , SON OR FAMILY DOG WAS NOT STANDING WITHIN TEN FEET OF THE MACHINE , BECAUSE IT TOOK OFF DRAGGING ME BEHIND IT , WHEELS OFF OF THE GROUND , BOUNCING ALONG LIKE RABID KANGAROO , TOTALLY OUT OF CONTROL . AFTER I CAME BACK TO MY SENSES , AND SURVEYED THE AREA FOR DAMAGE , I DECIDED TO GIVE IT ANOTHER TRY , THIS TIME HOLDING ON LIKE A DROWNING MAN , SAME RESULTS . I IF YOU STILL WANT TO BUY ONE OF THESE HORRENDOUS BEASTS , MAKE SURE THAT YOU KNOW SOMEONE THAT PERFORMS EXORCISMS , BECAUSE IT WILL DEFINITELY NEED ONE .
 It is not often that I feel that I have made a complete mistake but this is one ! I own an older Pony Model and thought it was great . Unfortunately the transmission broke and could not be repaired . So I purchased a Bronco . This model is dangerous to use ! It runs on the tines and when and if it hits a root , rock , or other subsurface -LRB- even thick grass -RRB- it runs away on top of the ground . When it jumps you are suddenly pulled forward and can not let go of the handle in time to stop the forward movement . When I upacked it and started to till my wife was standing nearby watching . The tiller hit something jumped forward and almost struck her . She happend to fall backwards instead of forward or the tiller would have run over her before I could get it stopped ! I reread the instructions and tried again . I still can not get it to till properly or safely . This tiller will run away and strick anything in its way . The safety bail is such that you can not turn loose in time to safely stop the machine . In addition it will not till up soil that has not already been tilled before !
 I ordered this variety with Osaka Shogun . Both arrived in as bad a condition as you could imagine -- maybe not . One was an absolute dried out corpse that you could literally blow across the table with your breath . The other was 3/4 there
 The Troy Bilt Horse tiller arrived in an inoperable condition . When you tried to engage the transmission it would just burn up the drive belts . Trans would not Turn . Black gasket silicon material from a previous repair , tines off machine , gas residue in tank . Outdoor store shipped a tiller with a bad trans , I dropped it off to a local dealer service center about a month ago , still in shop . I ordered a new tiller got a tiller with a bad trans right out of the crate . Piece of junk , $ 1830.00 for a piece of junk . Do n't buy from outdoor store through Amazon , they would not allow return .
 I had two troybuilt horse Model 682 tillers purchased brand new . Both new rototillers broke right away . The first one rototilled two 160 feet rows and then the tines quite turning . We took it in for repair at qualified troybilt repair shop . Meanwhile I need a rototiller now ! Two and a half weeks later I get it back from the shop . I used it one hour and the transmission would not shift into neutral or reverse . I returned this tiller thinking it was a lemon . The new tiller arrived and three and a half hours later it will not stay in gear . It does n't matter weather it is high or low gear . I have to manually hold the main shift lever down which makes turning and walking to the side of the troybilt horse impossible . This is a wonderful feature about the horse when it is proper working order . We plan to return the rototiller and buy a different brand . Our old troybilt was a great machine . This new one is a P.O.S.
 Bought from Tillers Direct after consulting with them . I now feel I made the wrong choice . I should have spend the extra $ 500 and got the Honda FRC800AC . Shipping was fast with no problems there . I 've used R&L Carriers before and they 've always been `` on the ball '' . To start out , I 'm tilling a `` new '' garden , so the soil is compacted . And now for the tiller
 This feeder head will not work on a STIHL FS45 weed eater even though Amazon 's search engine will send you to this item when you enter `` FS45 '' into search line . Do n't waste your time , you will be out $ 30 - $ 40 .
 The heads I was shipped by this seller were not the OEM parts described in the description of this product . They are an inferior after market brand . They are NOT Stihl `` 25-2 Auto-cut '' . The ones I received were `` Proven Cutter 252 ? '' I am sending them back for a FULL refund . I will follow up as to how that goes . If you want a original Stihl OEM part ... do n't buy these !
 This is not a Stihl product - it is a poorly made knock-off that broke within the first few minutes of attempted use . The item shipped to me is labeled ProvenCutter 252 . This is blatant fraud ... DO NOT TRUST THIS SELLER !!!
 By the description I thought that these were AUTOCUT C 5-2 cutting heads . Instead they are some generic product that does n't even fit a Stihl trimmer . Do not trust this seller .
 I received my Big Red Garden Tiller all crated up . It was the next weekend that I was able to uncrate it . Sure nuff , one tire was flat and off the rim . I tried airing it up myself but could not get it to take air . Took it off and took it to a tire repair shop . They got it aired up but it only held for 3 days . Tried again and it only held for 2 days . Tried to contact the 4 service centers in my area but they would not help me as they said Troy-Built would not pay them . Tried to email Troy-Built with no response . Finally I got them on the phone but they said it was past 30 days since I had placed the order and tires were a normal wear item so they would not guaranteed.Also , the shift knob will not stay on.I have now had it 2 months and it has never been in the ground . Really disapointing when they have had such a good reputation -- or is it just good hype ! I would NOT recommend anything they sell .
 Troy-Bilt , have been using them since 1973 , have worn out two previous 8 hp Horse models . This is the first one since MTD took over . New one a lemon . Poorly assembled -LRB- loose nuts/bolts all over it -RRB- , took it to garden after going over all nuts/bolts , fired it up , engaged tines and instant metal grinding noise from transmission . Into warranty shop with less that 5 min . on it . Depends on what shop says , you may be getting this one back .
 I bought a `` Big Red '' last year . Came crated to the house , no problem ! Got it together and with the electric start it jumped into action . Tilled like a dream then I got to the end of my first row . Tried to get it into neutral and would have been ok IF I had been 7foot tall and built like a line backer . The shifting handle is so high you almost have to get on your knees to get enough torque to lift it up so you can stop this monster . Then the dip stick shown on the internet sight did n't seem to make it on mine . Nope had to crawl on my hand and knees -LRB- both of which are very old so not easy to do -RRB- and dig it out from behind all the wireing harness . I now walk out to get it ready for another hard year of shifting and sad oil dipstick location and lowe and behold it wont start . I 'm sellin this one as soon as I can ! Gon na go find a more user friendly machine . I 've NEVER been so disapointed . After 10 minutes of sittin on the phone waited for their sevice dept to answer so I could find an authorized dealer near me so I could hopefully get this running I gave up.So long Troy Built , Hellow anybody else!ok ok this sux . The starting problem was me apparently , walked right back out and started it ... sigh . I have to be honest so am changing my 1 star to a 2 star . Sorry TBiult for the inacruate review . The handle is still a problem however and you should not even BOTHER shipping one without a full oil dip stick so one could stand on his feet like a man to check ! I guess us 70 year olds should stick to the pony 's rather than a full blown horse . Of course not too many 30 year olds can afford this monster!jd
 I purchased this Edger Because of the TROY-BILT name . I was mistaken . This edger looks great but it ends there . This Troy-Bilt edger/trencher is hard to start , lacks power even though it is rated at 4.5 HP and runs rough . If I could do this over , this Troy-Bilt would not be my choice for my edger .
 This edger has been hard to start since I got it , and now after 18 months is almsot impossible to start . I 'm now looking for a different one .
 Used this edger every 2-3 weeks but I only owned this edger for six months before the recoil failed . To fix it would have cost almost as much as the purchase price . If you read the reviews around the internet on this unit , this problem is not uncommon.I would not recommend a Troy-Bilt as they seem to have quality issues these days . Wish I would have researched this better prior to purchase .
 I do not know if this is the troy garden tiller I have or not . But ... my husband bought me a Troy and it was
 After my 22inch Yard-Man string trimmer died I was pleased to see Troy-Bilt offered a similar product . I read the previous review that stated problems with the broken oil tube . I have owned a Troy-Bilt rooter tiller for years and thought this was simply a unusual happening , after all Troy-Bilt makes the best . Little did I know the old Troy-Bilt went out of business and was aquired by MTD products . Well ten days later I received my trimmer and the oil tube was broken . With fire season on the way I taped the tube in place and used it to clear the brush . I called MTD products and between being keep on hold on the phone and getting the run around I gave up trying to get the replacement part under warranty . I ordered a new tube on line for $ 15 including shipping . This string trimmer is the old Yard-Man trimmer with a different engine . Last but not least the product worked well it just was n't of old Troy-Bilt quality .
 I was under the impression that this company produced quality tools and perhaps were better than Craftsman , so I ordered the 22 inch trimmer mower . The trimmer was delivered , and upon opening the box I noticed that the oil intake funnel was broken off at the top and loose from the connection to the engine . Because the box was not damaged I assumed it was a packing problem and a lack of quality control . The return of the item went smmothly . Amazon.com was very understanding and helpful . I requested a replacement . Upon receiving the replacement and looking and the terrible condition of the box , I immediately knew that something was going to be wrong with the replacement too . I opened the box and to my surprise , this trimmer mower also had the broken oil intake funnel . I immediately called UPS and requested that the mower be returned as not accepted due to damage.Fool me once but not twice . It is obvious that quality control is not part of this company -LRB- Troy-Built -RRB- . I will never ever buy a product from this company ! They do n't even deserve 1/2 a star .
 I ordered this mower 2 months ago , and it finally arrived yesterday . The oil intake funnel was broken off at the top , and suspended into the engine . The metal oil dip stick was bent at the tip at an angle of about 45 degrees because of that . There was no oil bottle shipped with the mower , unlike advertized . Troy Bilt -LRB- MTD -RRB- warranty support declined any assistance with the missing/broken parts , and referred me to Briggs & Stratton 's warranty information inside the engine booklet . The only phone number in that booklet refers to a pre-recorded message , there is no way to get a customer representative on the phone . If you plan to order this mower , be prepared to take a gamble on broken/missing parts .
 I bought this fly killer because of all the positive reviews but after trying it i wonder why ? Ive had better luck with the super stinky fly traps . Fly 's just did not seem attracted to this bait for some reason .
 I was hoping to reduce my fly population - not provide a meeting place for flies ! Sure , it is lethal , but it does n't entice the flies to taste . The flies are attracted by the attractant and then they hang around and swap phone numbers . Very few of the cloud of flies that were attracted to the site actually tasted the poison . Sticky traps work just as well , and I do n't have to worry about secondary poisoning .
 Desperate to find something even more effective than sticky tape traps to get ahead of the weirdly large fly population in my home this winter , I bought this product and placed some in bowls around my home on bookshelves out of reach of my pets . This product does kill flies , as evidenced by the 5 or so which died right in the bowls of bait , but this was not at all a dent in the total fly population . Victor Fly Tape traps still rule , even though not every single fly ends up stuck to one of them . They 're much cheaper at my local hardware store , too !
 We had heard great stories about how well this product works . We tried the product according to the directions in and around our barn and home . Did n't see any flies attracted to it , or fly kill around the product . We were disappointed , traditional sprays seem to work better in reducing fly population .
 I was excite to order this as I am moving into a new home and looked forward to having blooming flowers on my table in a few weeks . The box arrives - and it 's not pre-planted , instead there is a basket , several bags of dirt , a bag of moss and a paper bag filled with what I think are the bulbs . Not really preplanned more DIY . The best part , no directions ! I have no idea what to do . I will have to research to find directions , not really what I have time for , but I am worried about the plants dying.Do not buy - no matter what the price .
 I purchased this product in hope to catch some mice that ravished my tomato plants.It 's easy to set up and have the indicator when it aimed but not well design enough to do the job . ice escape from the trap and leaved their tail on it . It caught few birds -LRB- not even kill them , just pinch them down -RRB- .
 For the first month or so , I really liked this feeder . It holds a lot of seed and the birds accepted it immediately.The problem lies in the refilling mechanism . There is a plastic-covered braided steel wire that runs through the center of the feeder . The ` top plate ' slides up and down on this wire , and is secured in the ` down ' position by a spring-loaded clamp that pinches the wire to hold the top plate in place . To refill the feeder , you squeeze this clamp to release it , and slide the top plate up so you can pour seed into the feeder.Within a month of use , this spring-loaded clamp had cut through the plastic sheath around the steel wire , and the plastic shreds are apparently jammed in the clamp . I can no longer slide the top plate up on the wire , so I can no longer open the feeder to refill it . Either the steel wire should not be covered in plastic , or the clamping mechanism should be ` gentler ' so it does not cut through the plastic .
 Even with the smallest seeds -LRB- millet -RRB- , the seeds do n't dispense into the tray and I have to jiggle the feeder throughout the day to get the seeds out . The birds do n't seem to be able to release the seeds by pecking at the holes.The cord frayed so I can not get the lid off more than a bit -- ca n't refill easily . The bottom detaches when I do n't want it to detach.I would not buy this again .
 We 've had this feeder for about a year now , and like other reviewers have mentioned , you have to do a log of jiggling to unclog it . All it takes is a little humidity/rain/snow and even small seed wo n't dispense .
 After several months , the wire that holds the feeder and has a sliding mechanisim for refilling , started to shred . Also , during several heavier -LRB- but not downpour-type -RRB- rains , the seeds became wet and started to clump together , becoming spoiled and unable to decend into the feeder . So the seeds were kind of a tease to the birds . After about 18 months , squirrels -LRB- who would regularly jump on to raid the feeder -RRB- managed to knock it off of the shepherd 's crook that was staked into the ground . That 's not easy to do , but squirrels have super powers when it comes to bird feeders . The feeder cracked and broke . While it 's still usable , given the other problems , I 'm going for another Squirrel proof feeder that I 've found to be much better and longer lasting .
 This feeder clogs daily and requires manual clearing of peanuts , corn , and sunflower seeds
 I planted mine in a separate area next to my yellow and mixed color sunflowers and they never sprouted . -LRB- shrugs -RRB- I wonder if I got an old batch of seeds .
 I got the sunflowers about a week after i ordered them in an envelope . I open the envelope and bits of seeds start falling out . Turns out there was a huge hole in the bottom of the seed packet , and i would say 40 % of the seeds were crushed ! I do not think the hole was made during its shipment as it looked like it had been intentionally ripped . DO NOT buy from this seller .
 Only one seed germinate and I like it . But feeling sad that only one seed germinate . I added pictures for the one seed germinated .
 Do n't waiste a summer 's worth of time with this sunflower . What you will end up with is a freak of nature with multiple small sunflower heads sprouting out of everywhere on the stalk , stunted growth -LRB- forget about the 12 ' -15 ' it claims to attain -RRB- , unappetizing seeds . Whatever qualities were supposedly bred into it , expect the opposite .
 Packaging left a lot to be desired . Seeds arrived crushed . Only abour a dozen seeds . I paid 11.00 dolars and package indicated it sold for 2.15 US$ !!! PLease see some pictures posted of these products . Better you choose another brand provider Noc ustomer service either i worte them before reviewing the product and have yet to receive a response .
 I ordered two pkgs and I planted one outside and the other inside in an mini green house and to this day none have sprouted I also tried other seeds in the same green house and they grew just fine . :-LRB- :-LRB- I also bought the chocolate sunflower and there growing great . : -RRB-
 Main description states 50 per pack - wrong 30 per pack -LRB- read the pack in the picture -RRB- , Under Product Description - Luster Leaf 843 Rapiclip 8 '' Plant Labels -LRB- 12 Pack -RRB- Luster Leaf 843 Rapiclip 8 '' Plant Labels -LRB- 12 Pack -RRB- Features
 I love these labels and want to order more , but there is only 30 in a package not 50 . Please check , this out . I was very disappointed with the inaccurate countRamona . Knight
 This grill was a total failure . I bought it because reviewers said it never burned the food . Well my grill burned everything because the regulator was defective . It worked only on high . Amazon took the article back with a significant deduction from the credit , as a restocking fee . I was past date for the return . But I ordered for the early grilling season according to the long waiting period given at the web site . Then the grill arrived almost immediately and the snow was still on the ground . I did not anticipate that there would be a major defect .
 The Permethrin itself is fine , five stars -LRB- this is the chemical the Department of Defense uses for troops going into buggy areas -RRB- . HOWEVER , the Sawyer SP602 aerosol can is atrocious . You will waste AT LEAST half the product because it cascades -LRB- not dribbles -RRB- down the sides of the can instead of being sprayed on the clothing or equipment being treated.SAFETY ALERT
 I ca n't speak to whether or not the spray actually works , but the can that I was sent leaked all over the place . By the time I finished treating my hammock , I think there was more permethrin on my hands than on the hammock . It was a mess !
 Have ordered this product numerous times from Bass Pro . It works and is worth the money . But thought I would save some money and buy the same product through Amazon . . Big big mistake . When I opened the box the first thing I noticed is it was n't the same can as avertised , the can in the advertisement on the web was green and the can that was delivered was yellow which made me wonder . Do n't get me wrong , the chemical does work . The problem is that I bought 6 cans and all 6 wasted more out of the can where the nozzle goes into the can than comes out of the spray tip . Pours out of the can like a faucet drip . Do n't really know if this is really a sawyer product or a knock off . I do know that I ordered more from bass pro and it was what was advertised and sprayed just fine without any waste . Buy Cabelas or Bass Pro , the cost is n't that much more
 I ordered this product to help stop chiggers . . and followed instructions to spray on clothing especially around cuffs , etc. . the warnings also said to keep off bare skin , eyes , mouth , children etc. . The can sprayed out the nozzle but about 1/3 of the liquid somehow puddled in the top of the can when held up right and out right dripped/ran out if held horizontal ... . in this malfunction process rinsed whoever was spraying the poison . This spray can had a very cheap nozzle and wasted lots of repellent -LRB- dripping from around the nozzle top -RRB- . . Very poor quality control @ best . . And of course this 9 oz can costing more than $ 1 per oz would not cover 4 sets of outfits . . barely covered two pants . . Totally unacceptable . .
 STAY AWAY FROM THIS PRODUCT ! -LRB- unless you love chigger bites -RRB- I would rate it a 0 if I could . I was fooled by the advertising of this product . After carefully applying exactly according to directions , I confidently headed off into the woods to weedeat/clear some local mountainbike trails . I was covered from head to toe ... boots , pants tied shut at ankles , long sleeves , gloves . Soaked everything the day before with this product . 2 days later -LRB- that 's when chigger infestations show themselves -RRB- my neck looks like I 'm wearing a red turtleneck ! It 's awful . The chigs crawled up the treated shoes , up the treated pants , up the treated shirt until they found my open neck . Today I 'm in so much discomfort I 'm just plain mad . I 'm going back to the age-old `` sulfer-powder '' dusting that folks have used for years . Of course , that product does not make any money for big corporations , or have any wonderful-sounding marketing hype . -LRB- rant over -RRB-
 I purchased this generator and was very disappointed . The housing surrounding the pull cord is made of extremely cheap plastic that will break after a few pulls , and cause the cord to tangle . It is nothing but a headache . The motor mount where the engine attaches to the cage is also made of low quality steel that will also break on you . In general it is crap . Pay a little bit more and buy one that will not provide frustration .
 I bought the 1500 watt generator at Fleet Farm for around $ 200 . It was a struggle to get it started the from the day I purchased it . Out of the 6 times I have tried to use it I was able to start it 3 times . Many pulls , replacing the spark plug , checking the gap , etc. . Never know if it is going to work and of course the frustrating part is you typically have plans when you use the generator and it can ruin your whole evening as you sit in the dark wishing you bought a better generator.I would not recommend this generator .
 Over the years buying products , I rarely take the time to write a review , but this ones got me upset . My Champion 1500watt gen died after 3-grueling years of hard core service , chain saws , golf cart chargers at the sand dunes every month , even running the 26ft RV recharging its batteries . I wanted to buy the exact one to replace it but none around town , so I needed one in a hurry for our trip next week , and ordered this `` 2000watt surge , 1500watt generator called the Sportsman '' because Amazon had 2-day shippingGuess what shows up . Its marked 2000 watt surge and 1500 watts but its only a 80cc 2.4 hp engine not the 87cc required to produce 2000 watt . Shame on me not seeing this in the ad but I assumed ratings and specs are meant to be valid.So here is the results , at absolute maximum , maintaining a 110 volt minimum is 1235watts . It is not the 1500 watt running watts as advertized . It has a 2.4 hp engine not 2.8 hp . It is only 1500 watts surge and 1200watts running . The worst thing about this Sportsman is NO SPARK ARRESTER ! Oregon state parks -LRB- and many other RV parks around the country -RRB- require a spark arresters . Selling a `` Sportmans generator '' and implying its for the outdoors and missing a spark arrester is misleading they need to fix that foo-bar . No low oil shutdown , how many of us sit at the camp , genny running and remember `` when did I last check the oil ? '' . The Champion generator has low oil shutdown , this one did n't . No oil fill outside the engine , this Sportsman only has one oil fill , UNDER the electrical panel . Not easy to get to . The Champion had them on both sides.No Voltmeter , most all other $ 200 genny 's have a meter.So in my opinion , want a cheep generator ? Buy this one . Want one you can use in a state park , be able to protect the engine on low oil , be able to fill it from both sides , and have the power to actually meet spec ? Then better to spend the extra $ 50 and buy a real generator . 26 years in Engineering and I did n't follow my own rules , read the specs . I plan on leaving this one unchained in the back of the truck with the tail gate down in the Wallmart parking lot and hope someone steals it.A closing comment , I love Amazon and all it stands for , order tons of stuff through them every year , this is obviously not an Amazon issue and I give them 5 star for getting it to me in the 2 days they said they would . However , `` Sportsman '' gen set guy , please print real numbers so we do NOT spend hard earned money on what we do n't want.Tony , GP Oregon
 Do not buy ! Do not waste your money . Numeruous Problem found no support , zero . Amazon does not allow returns on this product . Lost money . Shame amazon.com .
 Do yourself a favor and do n't buy this . I had mine run for about 30 minutes . Then it just bogged down . Would n't start again till morning . Ran 5 minutes and stalled . Tried to restart the pull cord housing exploded . Tried to Jerry rig it , no longer possible to function . Worst money I have ever spent .
 this gen ran for 2 days then I herd a clanking noise . in short the bolts fell out and destroyed the -LRB- ? -RRB- - armature.The motor ran great but there was no stuff on threds to hold the bolts from loosening.It did power a AC and pc - and small heat element for a trailer-that was all . I recently got a powerhorse 2200 and I often dont shut it off for days at a time.I want a spare but need free shipping so dwcided on trying the-DuroStar DS4000S 4,000 Watt 7.0 HP OHV 4-Cycle Gas Powered Portable Generator - the cost is 300 but the engine is 7hp and the wats are 4000 . That seams unbelievable-AGAIN - but I hope this will work out good.if u can get a gen get it . in worst case run it off natural gass . I do.U dont need the 300 dollar kit -- I just run a hose to a ball valve then into the carb . I start it on gasoline then shut off the gasoline valve then adjust the ball valve so it keeps running . When there is a surge , it runs slow , I then turn on choke and leave it on-let it run like that -- -LRB- cheep free gas in WV . -RRB- and it runs a bit slower but has done great so far.but this is definitly junk - I took it apart after and it is obvious .
 I got this for camping , when new it powered my a/c , microwave , tv , everything , but within a very short time it would not power the a/c or microwave -LRB- 700 watts -RRB- it is very noisy , i liked the portability-weight-size , but its power capability is just to small , it is to obtrusive -LRB- noise wise -RRB- for any type of camping , and is better suited to operate at a work site where you only need a small drill or grinder , it is not enough to operate a worm drive skill saw , i have tested the output and it is only 9amps . @ 115volts . i wished i would have put the cost of this unit towards one of the more expensive sine wave inverter generators to start with . i now have a kipor ig 3000 watt and it is an excellant unit well worth the money , because i can actualy use it with great satisfaction , instead of store it with great dissipointment .
 I have found numerous bolts loose all over the generator . On the gas cap there was a large printed piece of tape saying to use 10-30 oil . If someone did n't know where to put gas and oil they could dump the oil in the gas tank . Then there is the instruction booklet which says to use SA or SE oil leaving out the 10-30 weight which is confusing . I now have to check under the engine as I have an oil leak . It could be a loose bolt . I hope so .
 I got this thing as an insurance policy to run my refrigerator in the event of an extended power outage . With several hundred dollars worth of food at risk , I figure it could pay for itself one day , maybe . I do n't think I will be using it much other than running a hedge trimmer in the back yard , 100 feet away from the house.I have run it with a small load and without a load . The engine will run steady for about 20 seconds then rev up and down for 20 seconds . It leaks oil . It does n't start real easy . Everything about it looks cheap , cheap , cheap . I got what I paid for.It does not inspire a lot of confidence . If you plan on using it a lot , do yourself a favor and buy a quality device . I ca n't see this thing holding up under continuous use for any length of time .
 I was just over trying to work on a friends generator for him , and I have to say , this is a piece of crap . It has only a mechanical governor for voltage control , and that does n't work well at all . You have surging problems . There are basically 2 adjustments you can make to control engine speed -LRB- thus voltage output -RRB- . You can adjust the idles screw , and you can adjust the spring tension on the governor . Ideally , you would adjust the idle screw under no load conditions -LRB- nothing plugged in -RRB- to 120 volts , and then adjust the governor tension accordingly . However , it is almost impossible even to get a consistant voltage at idle , using a DMM to varify . 104 volts , 114 volts , 130 volts , 90 volts . Once you SORT OF get past that , you have a condition that when a load is applied , you get to large of surge from the governor , which gives you a huge rev , and then a stall out , a huge rev , and a stall out . It just will sit there and cycle like that , and never recover . It is quite irritating . If you ease way up on the governor tension , you get a dip or `` brown out '' in voltage when a load suddenly comes on -LRB- like a fridge -RRB- . I understand that there should be a throttle adjustment period , and then it should even out , but it never evens out , the engine just keeps surging . At one point , I had it adjusted much better , and then we shut it off for a minute , and when we started it back up , it did the same thing again . Plus , a vacum is created in the fuel tank when it runs , which also dogs down the motor . You also have an air fuel mixture screw that you can adjust , but that does n't help either . I WOULD PASS ON THIS ONE , AND SPEND JUST A LITTLE MORE , AND GET ONE OF THE YELLOW CHAMPION POWER EQUIPMENT 3000 TO 4000 WATT MODELS . That is what I have , and it is rock solid.UPDATE AS OF SEPT 3RD , 2011 : after spending an afternoon making modifications to the unit , I was able to get to run much better . It does n't cycle , surge or , hunt for the appropriate RPM anymore . To see what I did , and learn a little about this generator , and generators in general , go to youtube , and type in themarkfellows2.Good luck!Mark : -RRB-
 I 'd prefer ZERO stars . I 'm ready to toss mine out . Ran poorly for a weekend trying to keep my sump pump going during hurricane Irene , but frequently stalled , and required regular manual control of the trottle . Pull cord sheared off . Spark plug wire and shield are cracked . UTTERLY unreliable and tempermental . Now it does n't start . Scrap , after 2 weeks and perhaps 10 hours of service .
 DO N'T BUY THIS , STAY AWAY !!!! It is the shoddiest piece of ... . I have ever seen . You will find out once you put oil in it , it will leak out . The company that makes it should not be in business , if you buy it you 're a sucker , like I was .
 This generator worked really well for the first few uses . It is now less than six months old and now starts like a mule . You fiddle with the carb to keep it from leaking . Be sure to turn of the fuel supply , if you do n't gas will be everywhere.The power this generator provides is usable for electronics , lot of RFI.Luckly somebody stole this one , and I re-purchased the `` H '' machine and man what a difference.Please note that Amazon service was absolutely great and still continue to do business with them !!
 I ordered this due to a storm -LRB- Hurricane Sandy -RRB- It arrived Saturday afternoon , prior to the storm and all looked good . Today -LRB- Sunday , storm hits tomorrow -RRB- I got the generator out and filled it with oil and gas and tried to start it . It would not start . I check the fuel line , the on \ off switch , and nothing works . I inspect the engine and find that the spark plug wire is broken . the part that attaches to the plug is in pieces and there is no way of attaching it . Now I have to figure a way of making this work during the storm and since it is an off name Chinese engine I do n't even know where to get parts for it -LRB- not that I should have to get parts , but contacting the manufacturer will not help start this thing before the storm hits . -RRB-
 Have n't put generator into service yet since the manufacturer would n't honor the fact that the bolt holding one corner of the gas tank vibrated off in shipping ; contacted the factory for the rubber shock absorber that was missing to no avail . Not much consideration for a simple simple rubber washer that could have been sent in an evelope .
 Bought it in 2008 after the ice storm , and opened the box a couple months ago during the hurricane ... Worked great during the hurricane outage , but dies in the recent snowstorm outage . Customer support did not return calls , but if you call -LRB-636-RRB-532-9888 you can ask to hold for the next rep. and the replacement part was $ 28 after shipping.I broke down and purchased a real generator from B&S ; and am glad for the purchase , and got schooled by the repair staff about ` catalog generators ' ... The truth is , you should purchase a bigger , name brand generator such as B&S ; or Toro since most local repair shops can get parts for them.Basically , I bought the cheapest 4-stroke generator I could find , and I got a cheap generator which I will use only as a loaner , never for myself .
 I purchased this generator like a lot of people would , it seemed to be the biggest bang for your buck . What I found out quickly , however , was that this generator was plauged with problems . I had had it a couple months when the fuel line started to leak , but that was no big deal . I 've constantly had carburetor problems . I have to run it with the choke more than half on or it lopes badly , so badly it often dies . Went to use it yesterday and it ran okay . Tonight no start . Who knows about tomorrow.Spend a little extra money and get a generator that will actually run .
 I needed a Generator befor going hunting , so I decided to go with this one . The first one I revieved would not run so I disposed of it and they sent me a new one free of charge . When I recieved the new one , it had two broken motor mounts fresh out of the box which I noticed on the first one as I was disposing it . I leave in two days to go hunting and still dont have a generator . Dont buy gas powered equipment from amazon you can not return it if it does not work .
 So I was hopeful for this thing , but it has proven very difficult to start . Poor directions . After about 50 pulls the first time it finally started . Then it ran just fine , lasted a good 5-6 hours running a tv and dvd player . However , once it ran out of gas it took about 20-30 pulls again to start . I thought it might be just that it was empty and needed to be primed , but there 's no primer . So after it ran for another 2 hours I turned it off to try and restart it . Same problem , 20-30 pulls later it started again . My shoulder was terribly sore after the weekend and since I was ice fishing in 0 degree weather , it was awefully inconvenient .
 this generator does not even have enough 12volt power to charge a radio control battery , and you have to raise the rpm 's so high that you ca n't here over the noise.i am very unhappy !
 I picked this fellow up for $ 200 at a local Tractor Supply . I was n't expecting a high-quality product for that price , nor was I expecting a generator that would handle a large load . What I was hoping for was a generator I could break-in carefully and use to power lights , a fan , and just maybe a small refrigerator through a handful of storms . I had read other reviews and saw many concerns about oil leaks and the overall quality of the engine . Honestly , I assumed that many of those reports were from people who had n't broken-in the engine properly , used the wrong oil , overfilled it , etc. . Sure , there might be legitimate issues with the engine , but I rationalized that the chances of failure were probably fairly low and that I could slather Permatex or something over a leaky seal or fitting if it saved me $ 200 over a comparable quality model . Even in the worst case , I could pick up a replacement engine at Harbor Freight for $ 100 any time or as low as $ 75 on sale.I got the unit home and did a staged break-in , running the unit with an increasing load every 20 minutes until I reached the rated 1500 watts at about two hours of run time . Everything worked splendidly and I dropped a small amount of fuel stabilizer in the tank before shutting it off , changing the oil , and putting it on the shelf . -LRB- It 's actually small enough to store it that way , at least with a large shelf . -RRB- Fast forward about four months to April 27th and the second-worst tornado disaster in US history . I live in a suburb of Birmingham and my family and our homes are ok but multiple EF4 and EF5 tornados have carved half mile wide paths of destruction through thousands of other homes , businesses , and of course , the area 's power infrastructure . As you might imagine , I was happy to have this `` jewel '' on-hand to preserve some food and provide some level of comfort while we waited days to get power back . The first 8 hours or so were great . It started on the second pull and had no issue starting the compressor in my small refrigerator , running a couple of lights and a fan . It maintained a voltage consistently between 110-120V , depending on the load . In its 9th hour of actual emergency service , after having been supplying a calculated 650 steady Watts -LRB- nothing with a startup draw - refrigerator removed -RRB- for at least 90 minutes , the lights started flickering . I stuck my head out the door and listened to the engine . It sounded normal . I checked the output voltage and found it down to 80V ... maybe 60 seconds later , down to 50V . I went to the generator itself and sure enough , there were several drops of oil underneath the engine , but the cloud of smoke hanging in the air was n't from that . It was from the generator head itself . I checked the voltage again and found it had `` stabilized '' at 40-50V but that the engine throttle was pegged . Of course , I had removed the load by this time . I shut it off and popped the cover off the generator head to reveal discolored , ash-covered windings . Great . It turns out , at least in my experience , that the leaky no-name engine on this unit was its strong point . I 'm not out a lot of cash on the generator but I had to replace $ 250 in spoiled refrigerated goods and spend a lot of time hot and in the dark due to its failure . Of course , with a couple hundred thousand people still without power in the state , I wo n't be finding a replacement generator any time soon . However , when that changes , I 'll be spending a lot more for something I can depend on .
 This `` Pond Care '' does n't treat attached anchor worms ! It says on the back of the bottle , `` is intended for control of only the UNATTACHED form of the anchor worm . '' The only way you can even know your tank has anchor worm is if it has attached itself to one of your fish ! Supposedly Dimilin will halt the egg cycle of anchor worm , but I have been using it for a 2 weeks now and nothing has changed . my fish keep getting infected with new worms . And yes , I am sure they are anchor worms . Oh well . . Good-bye to 200 + guppies .
 I installed this filter on the 19 July and all was good.I came home on the 23 July and much to my dismay the filter was spouting water from the area where the lid is held down by the clips.The force of the water broke off one of the clips which can not be repaired as it is held by a strip of plastic.After only 3 days I no longer have a filter.I wrote to Sunterra and to date have not gotten a response
 I purchased this cover back in April 2010 for my costco grill . I live in Phoenix az where the climate can be extreme at times , and I have yet to find a cover that can last thru a summer here . When I purchased this cover , it appeared to be more durable than the cheap vinyl covers that you find at various hardware stores . It ripped just over 6 months from when I purchased it . The fabric becomes brittle and rips easily . Buyer beware .
 The thing crapped out on me after only 4 days . I 'm not sure what happened but it just stopped working .
 I bought this b/c in the picture it has 2 adapters.When I received it it only had 1 adapter.I was hoping to use this to replace my : Drinkwell Platinum Pet Fountain , considering it ` simpossible to replace the pump w/out purchasing a wholenew system . Someone stated this pump was compatiblewith it , it 's not .
 This was purchased as a replacement pump to a very small fountain and yet was inadequate . The fountain has standard piping and yet was too large for this output orifice . The picture looks as though the pump would accommodate more than one size piping but in reality that was not possible . I had to go to the hardware store and buy an adapter which added a significant cost to the pump .
 I bought this as a replacement pump . It does the job , however , it makes too much noise to use indoors . My fountain is used in a meditaton setup and the noise of the pump overshadows any water sound . I reduced the pumping level to see if it would affect the noise level , but no luck . Unless you plan on using it outdoors or in a commercial noisy environment , you may want to look at other options . However , I do n't see pumps advertised with noise levels.Also , the heavy duty electrical cord has two issues
 Purchased this pump for $ 14.99 on July 15 , 2007 . I have a small water feature . The pump barely trickles.Guess I will have to order another pump ... but I would like to find out why the price change first .
 Well , check the packaging , `` Made in China '' . That 's nice . Cheap and no doubt made by slave labor . Great ! So they pass on the SLAVINGS to me . But I end up with an inferior piece of plastic that does n't work . At all . I will never buy anything from China again . What a waste of time and money.Do yourself a favor , do n't buy from this company . This is the second pump I 've purchased from them and both have had issues .
 the pump is ok , , , but the cord that comes with it is bigger then the pump . so unless you can lock the cord down some how , , you will have a problem , it will drag the pump sideways , etc
 SUMMARY
 I 've purchased numerous of these timers . They performed very well for one full season . This season , however , most -LRB- but not all -RRB- of them are either completely dead or the LCD display is malfunctioning or not responding to button pushes -LRB- yes , this is with fresh batteries installed -RRB- . Speaking of batteries ... the battery compartment lacks a proper seal to keep moisture out , which is a glaring oversight by the manufacturer . The angle of the design can be a bit awkward depending on the angle of the hose bib to which you connect the timer -- and can also create more vulnerability for the seal-less battery compartment should a connection leak . The ability to adjust the angle and a sealed compartment would be great improvements . And , of course , these little timers are way too expensive to last only one season .
 Have gone through two of these in the last six months and they both have had valve failures . In one case , the valve just stopped working -- disassembly revealed that the motor or controller failed as the actual valve would still close . In the other case , the valve did not close completely , and the water kept running , albeit at a diminished flow rate . Since this valve controlled a drip system , the diminished flow rate had no impact my plants were watered for * hours * . They 're happier than I am . I would recommend the Orbit products , as I have three of those -LRB- one 62001 and two 62030 -RRB- and they seem to be pretty reliable and one is even handling my 120 psi landscape circuit pressure just fine .
 Similar to Craig F 's experience.Purchased two , both worked great for a while , then stopped . Looked for problem and noticed both had been internally leaking . Corroded internals , no longer work . Will be trying to get these both replaced .
 Where to start ? The cover wo n't stay up . Have fun programming it like that . I finally taped the lid up . There are 4 watering cycles , but the length of each cycle has to be identical . That means you can NOT have it turn on at 7 am for 2 mins and then at 10:30 for 5 min . This unit is not humidity proof let alone waterproof . The batterry compartment does not seal at all . There are large holes in the battery compartment that lead directly to the electronics . Huh what ? I 'm guessing that since this is an Israeli designed product and Israel is a desert country they do n't have to worry about rain and humidity . Despite the programming limitations , I put my unit into service and less than a year later it failed . I did n't bother to get a warranty replacement , this product is so pathetic , it not worth the effort . Do not buy .
 Who designed this thing ? Never got the opportunity to see if the pump worked properly or not . The threaded pipe fitting that provided water output does n't work with typical PVC/pipe threads . Looks like 3/4 '' PVC thread . The adapter provided will not fit any hose or piping so you have to adapt something straight out of the box . The provided adapter will screw into a PVC 3/4 '' bushing , but any 3/4 '' PVC fitting WILL NOT screw into the pump . I have never seen anything like this . I went to hardware store twice to find proper fittings to properly pump water to water feature and never found the proper fitting to work . Anyone who would come up with such a poorly designed fitting defies me . Gave up and decided to go back to Lowes for a replacement pump like I should have in the first place . Save your money and do n't purchase .
 I am pretty sure that these are refurbished pumps . My first one would n't adequately opperate my waterfall , but they did promptly send me another one . This is also under powered , and has a very old date on the tag . I bought one of these from a water garden store which worked perfectly fine , but it stopped working after one year . I would not reccommend this pump .
 The pump worked great at first . But has shut down twice now . The pond is green , so we have to drain and get the pump out so I can send it back.I know the product is good and the next one will be fine but what a hassle .
 I just boxed up my fourth and final Sunterra 204000 pond pump ! The first three quit when the rotor seized inside the motor . The first pump lasted about one year , the second about six months , the third about one month and now the fourth pump continually trips the GFIC on the outlet after running about one month . I would definitely say there is a design or manufacturing problem . This one is going back to the store for a refund !
 Bought and installed a Sunterra 204000 pump in our garden pond in mid-May of 09 . Before the end of July 09 the pump was not working correctly , cycling on and off . The Sunterra website appears to be off-line so I 'm assuming I 'll be having replacment problems .
 This pump worked for approximately one week and then completely stopped . Had to return it for credit .
 If I could give negative stars , I would ! For 2 months we 've been promised a replacement pump from the company due to having to return the pump SIX TIMES at our local home store . Finally , after many calls , Sunterra admits that there is no pump being sent as there is ` an issue ' with the current model . HOwever , they are sending one half the size as a replacement until the design flaw is fixed . Hmmm , considering the other customer reps told us the larger pump , the one we bought and paid for with our own hard earned money , was being sent out ` that day ' I wo n't hold my breath on this one . My advice , buy 6 smaller non-Sunterra pumps if you need something this large , and save yourself the time , effort and the lies . I just hope our Koi understand and hold out until we can get something from a company that values its customers .
 I purchase this pump in march 2011 and as of today 2 September it has quit . Too much money for something that does n't last .
 Originally bought this pump 2 years ago . After 11/2 yrs it quit working and considering our weather in Iowa the pump only ran about 6 months of that time it stopped working . The store replaced it and it ran for 1 month in the fall and then 2 weeks in the spring and quit working again . The store will not replace it so I am going to try a Total Pond pump . Do n't waste your money on sunterra pumps
 My first 204000 pump died after 30 days of operation . The second , covered under warranty , lasted 7 months but now has seized and died . Not sure I am staying with this manufacturer for the replacement .
 Brushes are too large for feeder.Perky Pet 203CP Pinch Waist Glass Hummingbird Feeder , 8 oz capacity
 Cost prevented me from returning this product . The key problem area on all Hummingbird feeders is the feeding ports - the small brush on this set is waaaay to big for any of the feeders I have -LRB- Perky Pet / Aspects Humzinger / Birdscapes 710 brushed metal feeder -RRB- . Actually , the small brush is too big for any feeder.How bad is that?I have swallowed my pride and will be writing off the cost of this item .
 Some of the tools were to large to use for my hummingbird feeders , So I was not able to use them .
 Disappointed . Small brush is too big for the flower holes , the medium brush broke soon after purchase and the long bottle brush is too soft to do any good . I do like the length of the long brush , just needs to be stiffer . The small brush is a good idea , but a little smaller would be nice . I have 8 hummingbird feeders and have to clean every week . Thought this would be the answer to a very time consuming job . Guess I go back to the baby bottle and toothbrushes .
 I sent the cleaning kit back because I did n't need all those brushes for a product I returned . I am in the process of looking for a really nice feeder .
 Long brush is too flimsy to let you clean deep into the feeder . It bends instead of brushing along the sides . Smaller brushes work ok , but do not reach far enough to get to places I need to clean . I got what I paid for , since the price was so low .
 Some will not fit most feeders , the ones that will are too short to do any good . A waste of time .
 I received this yesterday but when I went to use it I found the brushes are all to large for my three feeders . The feeders are all different in shape and size .
 I was so looking forward to using brushes to clean my hummingbird feeders . I could n't believe the low quality of theBrushtech B122C Cleaning Kit . Brushes did not fit my feeders at all , in any way ... I would return it but that is such a hassle!The brushes are shoddy and much too stiff to clean well , even if they had fit in any part of my three hummingbird feeders.I am totally disgusted !
 These are okay as bottle brushes , but they 're all too big for my run-of-the-mill hummingbird feeder . Bend the wire too much or too often and it will break off . Useless to me .
 Sunterra products appear to be worthwhile and good value - but - as usual you get what you pay for . Unit does not come with ultra violet filtration and is cheaply made . Most significant flaw is that unit Leaks even after replacing O ring . Seal is not adequate for unit pressure . Locking mechanism does not do the job . Spent an entire afternoon changing over from a smaller system that worked perfectly to the larger system that leaks significantly to the extent that it was finally disconnected and original system reinstalled . The 300306 is a waste of money and time and Amazon would do well to discontinue this inferior line .
 This filter has been a nightmare . It WORKS great when it is actually working , but that requires a lot of effort . I put this in last spring , and now , 12 months later I am going to scrap the whole thing and try something different . When I first installed it , I was happy with what it did for the pond -LRB- Very happy ! -RRB- , but the first time I used the backwash feature , it started leaking all around the gray movable sections . Positioning everything just right and NOT TOUCHING IT seemed to fix that . The seal is good , but if you torque it at all , it spurts . Also , as others have said , its VERY hard to get the top clamped down . I usually have to try it and re-do it 5 times before I can get a seal . Just one of those irritating things that you dont want to deal with every time you open it ! THEN the nozzles started breaking . First it was just one on the outflow at the 1 '' connector point ... . So I went up from 1 '' tubing to 1.5 '' tubing on the universal conector . Then another broke , and so I had to buy 1.5 '' tubing for the inflow too , as well as new adapters for the pump . Then a third broke , so now I have taken the connector off the backwash to put it on the outflow . I have been through at least three dozen clamps -LRB- You can only screw em on and off so many times before they are moot -RRB- $ 150 worth of tubing , and several dead koi due to the stress of the whole situation . I have emailed and called the sunterra llc company to try to find replacement connectors , since these ones have all cracked , but no one answers emails , or phone messages . I have no idea where to get replacements for the universal conectors . What a piece of junk ! The next filter I purchase will not have the backwash with moving parts , and I will check for availability of PARTS and CUSTOMER SERVICE before I purchase .
 Junk !!! Do not buy ! Takes more work and time to clamp down the top than what it 's worth . Leaks and almsot impossable to clam down due to the o ring size . I now use C clamps to seal the filter due to the fact that the clamps broke off and it 's not even a year old . Makes cleaning the filter a nightmare !!! Wast of money !!
 I have been through way to many Sunterra Filers and will never buy again.This is broke already . I did not save `` the box '' so I guess I can not return .
 This is flimsy , unsubstantial and you have to be very thin for it . I ordered it for a teenager and she refuses to use it . When I saw it in person , I understood why . It shakes and a normal size girl over 12 will feel like it will topple over . I wish I had known as I would have sent it back , but they did not want to tell me . It is sitting there just taking up space . The glide is minimal as well , and that was why I bought it for her .
 I bought this cover about a year ago and it 's ripped , peeling , and pretty much useless . STAY AWAY . Customer Service is useless ... told me I need the warranty and store receipt . Who sends in a warranty and keeps the receipt for a $ 20 grill cover , unless you 've been burned before . I 'm done w / Char-Broil
 This is a awful product . I do n't normally review but I felt like I needed to with this one since I 'm now shopping for a new one . It lasted a total of 4 months/one summer . The thing has faded to a whitish green on the top where it is flat against the grill lid . I took it off to use it last weekend and the vinyl cracked ! Prior to that it was already leaking at a across the seam that sits against grill lid causing some surface rust on my $ 350 stainless grill . Do not buy this one !
 This cover fits well and seems A-OK out-of-the-box , but it does n't hold up if exposed to direct sunlight . I 've had two of these and each one only held up for one year . If you keep your grill in a covered area you should be fine , but mine is exposed all year and this cover just ca n't hold up . I saved my receipt on the 2nd one and I 'm returning it today -LRB- at my cost -RRB- to get a replacement under warranty .
 I suppose a hose is a hose but I was expecting the length to be 12ft not 10ft . Otherwise I 've no complaints . ** Just got round to setting out my gas connection and notice that the 3/8 male-male connection is n't there . So I 'm forced to knock off a star to 2 * . It 's more annoying than anything . The part is n't expensive but it 's bothersome .
 I read several reviews for this product on this website and on other sites . I was encouraged due to the high praise many folks gave it . There were very few bad reviews , maybe 3 or so . So I hurried right down to Lowes to get the Yardsafe Insect Repellent Granules . I had high hopes . I have two large dogs and my neighbors all have dogs so it was very hard for any of us to be outside on the patio . The constant attack from flies was unbearable !! One of my dogs is allergic to the spray made for dogs to keep the flies off . The flies have gotten so bad that I only let the dogs out early in the morning and after the sun sets , when the flies were gone . Keeping the yard clean of waste was not helping at all . I wanted something that would n't make my dogs sick from the chemicals.Bought two bags of the granules . The bags are much larger than I expected . A great price for the amount you get . I have a very small yard so one bag was almost 3 times more than the recommended amount . Due to the amount of flies I went ahead and used the whole bag . Used it throughout the yard , the flower bed and across the patio . The granules smell great !! The odor spread around the yard very quickly.Now to the bad part . The flies enjoyed the smell as well . They were n't even phased by the granules . They landed on it , walked across it . They practically hung out and popped little fly sized beers and partied on the granules . My dogs and I were still being tortured . I was very disappointed in the lack of results . It has been a week and there is no change . Back to the internet search drawing board.DON ' T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS PRODUCT !!!
 I bought this cover hoping it would protect my grill from the elements . Unfortunately after just three days of exposure to the sun during the summer , the entire cover turned a mildewy yellow shade . So far at least it has n't fallen apart , but I doubt it will last a year . And it looks extremely unsightly covering the grill on my deck . If your grill is n't exposed to direct sunlight you may have better luck , but I would probably look elsewhere .
 Bought this as soon as I got my grill , and it barely lasted the first year . It rips easily , and I have several tears in it already . Not only that , it discolors easily as it sits outdoors . Mine is spotty and disgusting looking now , definitley wo n't replace it with the same model cover . As another reviewer said , it dried out and cracked pretty quickly , too .
 I purchased this grill cover when I got my new grill . The packaging indicates a heavy duty cover , but it is definitely not . After one year the cover became hard and began cracking . I leave my grill outside year round , so exposure to the hot summer and cold winter was too much for it . Do n't get this cover if you want to leave your grill outside year round .
 Turned into yellow in a month . Did not last thru IL winter .
 This cheap piece of junk tore in about the first 45 seconds of using it . I was literally just putting it over my grill after opening the package when it tore . It 's that bad . Total waste of money ! Do not buy this , you will be sorry !
 This grill cover is pretty much as generic as you can imagine . Not only is the vinyl material that it is made of thin and easily tear-able , the drawstring at it 's base is very easily prone to breaking.I have bought and had to return this product twice already . Save yourself the trouble and look up market for something that you can depend on for a little longer than a single use .
 Not 65 inches very cheep and thin if it fit I am sure it would n't last the winter . . I advise not buying this cover .
 This grill cover seems pretty durable ... I was so excited when I pulled it out of the box . I placed it on top of my grill to begin covering and there was a rip ! It fits perfectly and is on the grill now , due to snow -LRB- We ordered the cover because we NEED one ! -RRB- . I would love this cover ... except for that rip ...
 I bought the 53 '' version . It ripped in half from the wind in less than a year . I called the company and asked them to replace it and they refused . I spoke to Connie first and then Dwayne the supervisor . Both in `` Central Florida '' . This company does not stand behind their products -LRB- or at least the customer support staff does not -RRB- . I gave them a million chances over the phone to make things right and told them that if they did n't , that I was going to post my experience online . They could n't care less . Please do n't say you were n't warned .
 I was pretty disappointed with this grill cover out of the box . It was pretty thin . I was hoping for more after reading some of the reviews on here , but after looking at the date , I realize those reviews were written 7 + years ago . Maybe the cover was made of better materials back then . I cringed trying to put the cover on my grill because I was afraid I would tear a hole in it against the corner of my grill -LRB- it feels that thin -RRB- . I 'm not sure how long it will hold up , but I 'll update in a year . The velcro tabs are too high up so I could n't get them to touch and when I tried to lightly pull them closed , one of the tabs started tearing at the attachment point . I was n't expecting much since the cover was $ 20 , but I did n't expect so little . I could have got a similar quality cover for $ 11 at Lowes . Also , if the velcro tabs were positioned lower on the cover , I would be able to secure the cover to the grill . Hopefully I do n't get a strong wind that blows my cover off . I might get some small spring clamps to pinch the bottom of the cover around my grill . I have a char-broil 65 '' gas grill , so I thought this 65 '' grill cover made by char-broil would fit my grill perfectly . That was not the case .
 Just received this cover today and noticed a rip in it right out of the box . It appears the stitching was not very good and a rip about 2 inches long is at the top where sewn together . To much hassle to return so I patched it with some duck tape . This is a very thin material and not worth the price . I would not buy this again .
 Do n't buy this grill cover . It is nearly useless . My old cover that had holes in it protected better . For a Char-Broil product , it is junk .
 Overall this product does what it is supposed to - covers the barbeque to keep the elements off . The downside is after four weeks of occasional use it is starting to come apart at the top seam , despite no heavy handling or snagging on anything . disappointing .
 Mine came damaged , not running above a crawl . When I sought service , the shop they sent me too said , &#34; we do n't work on that sh ... t &#34; . After a call to the vice president of sales by Swisher the local shop repaired it . It goes through belts very quickly but will cut anything .
 Item weighed 4 oz and was shipped from one state away . I was charged $ 8.56 shipping and now I know why . The 4oz product included a 3 pound catalog .
 I should have trusted previous reviewer - big box , almost $ 11 shippng - heavy catalog included - could have been sent in tube or biz envelope for a couple bucks !!! The reviewer was not exaggerating ! What do I need with a tool catalog ?! I 'll never buy from them again , and , though I know two handymen , I put their catalog right in the recycle box . I figure , I paid around $ 8 postage for a big box and catalog !
 We got a pair of these and hung them low to the ground on both sides of our driveway . The intent was to scare our guinea fowl from walking down our driveway into the roadway -LRB- where they are invariably hit by cars -RRB- . While the owls are good-looking , sturdy , etc. they do nothing to impress guinea fowl . The birds walk right by them .
 This so called ` garden owl bird repeller ' simply does not work . Not only it does NOT work , it created a lot of annoying flash to the eyes . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!
 We have two of these aquazoom sprinklers that we purchased after a referral from my wife 's mother about Gardena products . At the time Gardena was distributed in the US by Melnor and they were responsible for warranty issues and customer service . Melnor is no longer working with Gardena . This is bad news for the US consumer!Currently if you have a Gardena product that needs repairs or warrany work it needs to be sent to Gardena Canada . The least expensive method for an Aquazoom is USPS at a cost close to $ 30 . One of my sprinklers had a problem , the timer part of the sprikler flew off the sprinkler when I turned the water on . This sprinkler was in an clear area that had recently been seeded . There was no less than 20 ' clearance in every direction with nothing growing . I turned on the water , heard a pop and notice water flying out of the sprinkler . My 4 year old daugher was n't far away , but both her and I were unable to locate the timer part.We live on a community well and our water pressure is n't strong , so I do n't believe it was a pressure problem . The Gardena person I 'm talking with stated that the timer part flying off the unit can be caused by `` age '' . We live in the south , so I do n't doubt the sprinkler gets aged by the heat , but this sprinkler is n't old . And , it is a sprinkler that should be able to withstand outdoor weather . That said , I do n't believe the timer flying off is anything but a safety issues if this is an expected result ... My first contact with Gardena Canada was several months ago and the representative I talked with had no idea what to do about the problem , but took my name and number to call me back after they researched what to do . They never did call back . I was reminded of the problem when I went to use the sprinkler to remember it 's broken . I called again and was told I need to send the unit in to Gardena Canada . I packaged up the item and went to ship it , but the costs were outrageous , as stated earlier ... $ 30 with USPS . On top of that you 'll need to fill out customs paperwork , not a big deal , but an added inconvience to say the least.Gardena Operations Manager told me there are no current plans to have a service/warranty center in the US and that for the forseeable future all warranty/repair work will go through Gardena Canada . As I stated before shipping an Aquazoom to them cost $ 30 !!! If you are located in the US aviod this brand until they get thier act together and can provide reasonable warranty support for the US .
 We ordered this item under the pretense that we we 're recieving the product that was in the picture . WHAT could we have possibly been thinking ????? Please take a minute to look at the picture and compare to what you are sending to your customers . We have called customer service only to be told that if we had read the description we would have known that we were getting a stupid looking dinosaur instead of a bird which is in the picture and that it was our fault for not reading the description . This is n't something we order everyday so how were we to know that you did n't name the item we thought we were recieving GREG?Hopefully someone up there will at least fix the picture so no one else recieves that stupid looking dinosaur , and thanks for the accusation of us being stupid for not being able to read ... . GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE !!! Oh , and thanks for letting us know that since we ca n't read that we would have to pay shipping to return . . Have a good day , Unhappy Customer !!!!!!
 I did not get my idem , I hope i get it soon , or i will write an even worse review .
 I purchased three of these fountain lights . Two of them broke in less than one year . I was quite satisfied with the product until they stopped functioning . There appears to be a quality control issue with this item which should be resolved . I can not recommend this item to others .
 This light was terrific ... for about one month . Then it died . I tried to revive it by replacing the light bulb , but apparently that is not possible . I ca n't find a source to buy a replacement bulb , and I ca n't figure out how to remove the old bulb . So I guess the whole thing is designed to be disposable .
 I used this for an above ground pool I set up in my living room . Nice if you want to use it as a white light . Not designed well enough to use with the color gels . The gels slip over the light but do not fit flush with the rounded bulb . So you get a large ring of all white light , then color in the middle.I wanted a blue pool . I got a pool with bright white ring in it , than a much dimmer blue mood light . This unit also gets very hot , so if you use this in a fish pond , in the summer time you might cook your fish , in the winter they might love you for it . They should get with the times and use LED lights though , and fix the issue that makes this unusable as a colored light .
 I have ordered and returned this item twice because although I ordered the set of three , I rcv 'd one light from Target . If you refer to this item on Target 's website , you will see the same type of problem even if you order directly from them.Get your item numbers and information correct , Target ! This is awful service ! 04/2010 For those that can not read , I will clarify ... I NEVER RECEIVED THE ITEM from Target so I 'm unable to review it .
 I got this to put in the bottom pool of my fountain . The instructions and illustration were not all that helpful so called number providid to clarify . It ended up being a pain to hook up as the cord from light to all the other parts was too short so the placement was not what I wanted . Additionally , it only worked for 3 nights . Not happy with this product at all .
 After installing this underwater light it lasted 20 min . I check everything , even moved it to another outlet , nothing . So I sent an e mail to the company as requested . They answered today saying they no longer carry this light but , would give a refund if I sent the light back to them . Yes , I have to pay postage to return their crap product , made in China , to get a refund.Save your money folks !!!
 No light when in pond , not as sold , waste of money . I would not tell any one to buy this product .
 This is my 3rd time purchasing underwater lighting for my fountain . The first one I had lasted over a year . The second one I had lasted a few months and this one lasted only 3 months . Do n't know why ... Changed the light bulbs , checked the connections etc. all to no avail . I hope other people have a better experience with them than I did .
 This is a fairly powerful underwater light . It looked really nice in my small water garden . Unfortunately , it lasted only a few weeks . Apparently , it 's not made for underwater use . I bought another brand and that one is working out well .
 Light worked great for about one month . I would not recommend this item . Also , you could barely see the light on a 36 '' round fountain .
 Within two minutes into assembling this flimsy piece of junk , I regretted that I did n't get a Weber . Thin-guage metal & enamel with bolt-on plastic handles that crack and fall off . I took it back to Home Depot and paid the extra money for a Weber . Do n't buy !
 The lid was made well , but the bottom half was thinner and cheaply made . It rusted out after not that long . Spend an extra twenty or thirty bucks and get a weber -LRB- The weber is better suited for low and slow indirect heat/smoking - less air leaks and with a decade long warranty which you will probably not need -RRB- . Trust me , its worth it .
 Honestly ... save your money !!! I bought this product on the recommendation of a store clerk after the Raid `` Rid A Bug '' bombs -LRB- X2 -RRB- did not work . Note that BOTH of my animals had Frontline on -LRB- which also , apparently , did n't work !!! -RRB- . After the first two Raid bombs did n't work -LRB- Yes , I followed the instructions to a T. . . used two bombs in a 15X30 room , used the sweeper first , took all furniture , etc out . . the floor is concrete ... -RRB- I used the Zodiac . Two bombs to the room and 24 hours later ... zillions of fleas !!!!!! So ... I swept the room again and used another two bombs ... zillions of fleas . Guess I am going to call in Orkin . However , with the money I have spent on the OTC products , I could have already had Orkin in and the tilers could have already finished my den !!!!! It is really bad when the workmen refuse to work in the room ... SAVE YOUR MONEY ! Raid , Zodiac AND Frontline should all be dissed for false advertisement ... in my opinion , of course . I would have given this NO stars at all if I could have ... a TOTAL waste .
 We have put off 2 foggers in our house -LRB- which is only 1,000 sq ft -RRB- . Took the time to leave and take the cats out of the home for several hours which seems to be stressful on our cats . Came back hoping it worked but NOPE . Waste of time and money . A month later we still have fleas . We have even used the Zodiac Carpet powder and spray after wards weekly . Once again nothing . Save your money on this product . Not worth the hassle .
 This fogger killed some silverfish , but the fleas just kept hopping -LRB- and biting -RRB- . Repeated , to no effect . Constant vacuuming seems to be having some effect , and I am just off to buy some diatomaceous earth since I am desperate .
 My boyfriend and I purchased this product to bomb our house this past weekend . We followed the direction step by step and even used two bombs just to be on the safe side . It had little to no effect on our flea situation . I personally would suggest anyone who is interested in purchasing this product to save there money and hire a professional . It 'll save you lots of money , frustration and aggravation .
 I bought this stuff because it has an IGR in it , supposedly , along with some kind of flea poison . It is supposed to protect against adult and pre-adult fleas . Either it is so lightweight as to be worthless or they are lying about what is in it . If you buy this junk , double the amount of canisters because what they say does not get the job done . Typical Zodiac product . I decided to give them one more try and their stuff does not work .
 I ordered 2 boxes to cover my house . I set 3 off upstairs & 3 in the basement . When we walked in to open the windows 2 hours later fleas jumped on us when we picked up the empty cans . The basement seems worse than before . Quite disappointing .
 This has to be the worst flea control fogger in history . Last year I used adams and it worked great on first use . These pieces of garbage did nothing . Well , they killed some insects , just not the FLEAS ! I used more a week later and I still have fleas jumping on me . I will never buy a zodiac product again .
 This product does not work . I 've repeated the use twice over a 14 day period . I just treated on Friday and have been out of town for the weekend . I just got back -LRB- 3 days later -RRB- sat on the couch and had 3 fleas jump on me in a few minutes . I was shocked to look down and see them ! I even have hard wood floors and a leather couch , so less area for them to procreate ! I even did the carpet treatment and treated furniture separately as advised . Do not waste your money .
 Either my fleas were mutant radioactive superfleas or this product 's kung-fu is weak . What / did / work was spreading orthoboric acid powder everywhere and waiting patiently for a weak for all the fleas to die off . Look that one up
 Based on someone else 's review stating you will need a male/male connector I ordered this . . it does n't fit anything on the sprayer . . $ 8 down the drain so to say ... nice brass but not needed . . at all . If you buy one you would need male/female based on the connections I have on the washer .
 protective grid prevents bigger bugs -LRB- and sometimes even small mosquitoes -RRB- from getting fried . the grid that is designed to protect you , protects also your target . i 'm thinking about cutting the protective grids off .
 I just ordered two of this BugKwikZap Bug Zapper living on the water we have tons of flying bugs but this swatter has yet to ZAP the first one . So if this is the BEST one I would HATE to see the WORST money down the drain its a THUMBS DOWN
 Received the bug zapper , put in the batteries and nothing . It did not work . The batteries were new so I know it was n't the batteries . It would cost me more to return it than it 's worth .
 I ordered this bug zapper and when I received it , it was defective and did not work . I sent it back to company and they sent me a new one out that was of better quality . It worked!I give the company 5 stars.BugKwikZap Bug Zapper Electric Fly Swatter - This is the BEST one !
 This item was a gift . It arrived broken , the button was completely broken off . I would not suggest anyone purchase this product .
 Ordered the product , it did n't work at all when I received it . I had to pay $ 5.00 to send it back to the company -LRB- which increases the cost of the product 50 % -RRB- . Got no response , no refund or replacement . I am very disappointed .
 I was so excited to get my zappers in the mail after getting eaten by black flies all summer . I get the package and BOTH of the zappers did not work . I contacted GammaDiscount and they said I would have to send them back -LRB- $ 9.95 for USPS shipping -RRB- for them to determine if they were defective . So they finally reimbursed me the amount for the zappers but NOT for the shipping . So basically I got ripped off and had to pay $ 9.95 for this entire wonderful experience . Oh yeah and I find out in their disclaimer that they are not responsible for reimbursing the shipping costs for the buyer to send it back . They could n't even respond to my two emails . Thanks GammaDiscount , you are a horrible seller .
 This one is NOT the best . Do n't get this one . Did n't work right out of the package . Not worth returning for a refund . Poor quality . Get a different model . Do n't trust this seller .
 Unless it 's in a place totally protected from the wind , you 'll find serious leakage . Pay a little more , get a better feeder .
 It has nothing to stop the bees from congregating on it big time and monopolizing the feeder . I 'm going back to the one that has the bee guards on it , even if they do fall off sometimes . Poor little hummer can hardly get a chance . Cheap plastic , but at least it wo n't break .
 I purchased this because it has little perches , but after 4 weeks , it began leaking ... badly . So much so , that I ended up with thousands of ants congregating underneath it . Very poorly constructed .
 I do n't know why this photo is connected with my 2007 review , but this is not the same product . The product pictured is the older brown bottle model of the Perky Pet Antique Glass Hummingbird Feeder
 I did n't know the pump came with the tubing and it was too expensive to return versus the cost of the product itself .
 Purchased the 1/2 inch tubing to go with my sunterra pump -LRB- also a flop -RRB- . It arrived all neatly rolled up in a box . In unrolling it , half of the roll had kinks every 4-6 inch that would not straighten out . I called Sunterra and they sent a replacement . This one had only 4 ft with kinks in it . I went to my local hardware store to get a replacement this time .
 It was coiled so tight in its box , just jammed in there , that there were numerous kinks that do n't come out . I even applied heat and eventually had to wrap wire around the flattened areas to force it into a circular shape . Sharp radius turns are totally impossible , contrary to what another review stated . I had to get plastic els made for drip irrigation systems in order to make turns and keep the water flowing.About five feet of the twenty was totally unusable.You can , however , use a match to soften the plastic to slide onto fittings . When you do these sorts of projects be aware that every trade has its own take on what 1/2 '' actually is and if you hunt around for fittings for your project you will come up with multiple variations of 1/2 '' and you will have to figure out how to join all this together.So , if you just go to a hardware store to get another sort of tubing , bring whatever you have to join together with you to make sure it will all join up . This tubing can be made to fit with heat while other types of tubing may not work that way . That got it two stars instead of one .
 It is 1/2 inch black tubing ; it wo n't grow algae inside and it is rough so it will more-or-less stay put , and it has some elasticity so you can pour boiling water on it and stretch it over the lip of a fitting . But it kinks like nobody 's business and that is my biggest gripe .25 feet is nice and long so I 've used this in 2 pools in unstructured under-water routing and it kinked in both situations . And , it does n't like to go back to an unkinked state . If you bury this outside your watercourse I can almost guarantee you it will change form and kink and your flow rate will suffer . Keep looking !
 I purchased this garden border for my brand new back yard thinking it would add a European/Parisian element -LRB- I went with the white border -RRB- . Unfortunately , after setting them up my garden looked hokey and cheap ... far from the goal.Installing these things was a real pain . They 're 100 % plastic and if your land is n't perfectly flat , installation is a total pain in the a $ $ -LRB- my yard does not consist of rolling hills , but small natural lumps in the soil -RRB- . They bend , they break and connecting them together is an annoying exercise.If I had to do it all over again , I 'd spend the money on something metal or made of aluminum , etc. . The quality here was really disappointing ... b/c I would n't gripe about install if it looked good in the end . You get what you pay for folks .
 I bought these hoes trying to loosen up clay type soil in my yard , and now I have two broken hoes , they apparently were n't up to the task . I did n't hit many rocks , but was troubled by the tined portion of the tool , that kept pulling out of the end of the tool , and falling onto the ground , requiring it be reinserted . I ended up having one of the hoes fracture off two of the three tines , and the other developed a fracture laterally along the lower plastic retaining sleeve , rendering them both useless . I 'd love to be able to return these for a refund , since I had to go to the local big box store and purchase a better constructed steel cultivator/tined rake to finish the job . I do n't recommend anyone purchase these unless they can redesign the tool to retain the working end of the device that can only slip into the plastic retaining sleeve , and it kept falling out then fell apart-very annoying !
 Like a previous reviewer , my corona lopper blades bent on 1 '' limbs . The original sticker said it was good up to 1.5 '' branches , this ad says it 'll eat 2.5 '' limbs , but that was not my experience . I 've never cut anything harder than oak or pine , and never anything thicker than an inch . But now the blade is bent , and it wo n't get through half-inch limbs without a fight . I assume there is harder steel on other products . I 'll find out this summer.FWIW , while the blade was straight , these loppers made quick work of some green branches that were less than an inch thick , and the handles took all the abuse I dished out . The second star is for that reason . The non-blade parts of this thing have held up nicely . They 're also 5 years old , and only now have a little rust on them.Apart from the bent blade , these are good loppers.But the blade is pretty much the clutch component , seriously . So I wo n't buy these again , I 'll try a different brand .
 After an hour of testing the cutter on 1 '' branches , the blade edges were bent/dull . I called customer support and they sent me a new set of blades for free , that was very nice ! . . but what good is it if they only last an hour . It seems lkie the blades were not hardened , damaged on 1 '' limbs !?!? My 10yr old $ 28 Ace Hardware clippers are still as sharp as day one and have seem major use/abuse .
 I have used the AL 8260 for about an hour cutting green hard and softwood limbs and suckers and already the `` hook '' edge has deformed and I have had to tighten the blade . While the Amazon and Corona web sites lists the lopper with a 2 '' cutting capacity the literature that came with it claims a 2 '' capacity . I had a hard time cutting 1 '' green hardwood ; 2 '' + would be impossible . Do n't waste your money on these loppers !!
 Maybe I was just using it wrong but I managed to snap the entire head off of mine while prying out a stubborn rock from my lawn . It was however a great tool until then .
 In the picture you see what I ordered . I already have one of these and it 's an awesome tool . That 's why I ordered two of the same . Instead I got what I suppose is the new version in green . The blades are not the same ! I would not order it again .
 I had great hopes of this rake/hoe , let 's see , looks nice , check , arrived on time , check easy to use , check , durable ... uncheck , it broke the first time I used it in my tiny garden , I looked at what I thought was metal and found out that the hoe part was actually held to the retractable handle part with plastic , so anything but the lightest touch and it snaps off , the price is great but you get what you pay for .
 i used this once and it was great , until the top broke off trying to pop a weed out of the yard . i wasnt putting too much pressure on it either . i really liked this hoe too.sad .
 This could be only possibly useful for very very light work -LRB- in which case you might as well get a little 3-prong curved for $ 2-4 at your nearest store -RRB- . The only positive is the handle which is sturdy and may be reused for another purpose or to attach a different tool .
 An Expensive piece of junk . The tree limb pruner jams continously from wood fibers that build up inside the enclosed alloy hook . Once this happens , you have to get to the ground and try to clear the jammed in tree limb fibers which is almost impossible . Flat head screw drivers can only fit half way in the very thin alloy hook slot . Very frustrating . While using the saw , the extension screw lock allows the inner pole to slip . Try and tighten , -LRB- by hand -RRB- , the `` PLASTIC '' screw lock tighter and `` PLASTIC '' screw lock breaks while continuing to complete the limb cut . Now I have a pole in two pieces that can not be put back together and a hand full of plastic screw lock pieces . Would rate the product with no stars but was not allowed . Would NOT recommend this product.Other than the issues listed here , the pruner and saw did cut well when the pole was NOT slipping and the alloy hook was not jamming full of wood fibers ... then the plastic screw lock broke - Um , back to being an expensive piece of junk .
 This is one of the worst saw tools I 've ever used to trim trees with . Enough said . Total rubbish product . Took mine back after one attempt at trimming . Definitely not worth the money .
 I like the lopping aspect of the Corona Pole Saw , but the Extension locking mechanism is an extremely poor design !! How anyone in their right mind would expect this to adequately lock without pulling out , during aggressive sawing , is beyond my comprehension ?? Therefor my rating of this saw is LOW !!!!!! DO NOT BUY !!!!
 I just bought Corona Clipper Professional 14-Foot Tree Pruner , but I do n't know how it work at all . I have tried to pull up and down the cord after assebling the saw blade as required , then the saw does n't funtion at all.Please tell me how to use that , thanks !
 Bottom line is that the loper portion broke while cutting a one inch limb -LRB- oak -RRB- in cold weather . The aluminum casting is too brittle and weak . It could be made thicker in critical areas . It broke on my first time out with the cutter . At least I can return it .
 For a high end pruner , I expected better.The chain has almost no tension and keeps jumping out.A nut fell off and was lost . The pull handle fell off.The above happened in the first hour of use.This pruner is rather heavy and is hard to manage whenit is fully extended . I 'll go back to using my cheapaluminum pruner for everything that it will reach .
 Comments from other reviewers re the locking mechanism are unfortunately on target . The slipping defeats efforts to apply the necessary force to a saw cut -- and even trying to tighten down with big pliers -LRB- why should we have to ?? -RRB- will not solve the problem . Sadly , the bad news does not end there . The lopper mechanism employs a bicycle-style chain at the businss end , which would at first glance seem to be a fine idea -LRB- robust strength , and no rope chafe to be concerned about -RRB- . BUT , inexcusably poor engineering of the guides through which the chain runs means that the chain itself can all too easily twist , bind , kink , and jam under load . So the pruning session comes to a complete halt , and we have to make a trip back to the barn for dismantling and clearing of the mechanism , on the workbench . This is designer error , not operator error . After having the same thing happen three and four times a day in regular use , we replaced the chain with spectra line , and thus solved the problem . Buyer beware , and what a shame that there are few other choices in the current marketplace . This could and should be a much better product .
 The lopping function of this compound tool works reasonably well , but only on relatively thin limbs -- up to about 11/4 inches . The saw is a different matter . The blade is beautiful -- a japanese pull stroke saw which is very sharp . The problem is in the telescoping pole mechanism . The action of sawing loosens the locking mechanism on the pole , no matter how hard one tries to tighten it . And one would n't dare use a wrench because the mechanism is plastic . So it 's almost impossible to get enough torque for sawing high up when the pole is continually lengthening itself !
 The lopping and sawing work fine , but the plastic extension lock is stuck so I ca n't loosen it . In spite of that , the extension mechism slips when I put strong sawing pressure on it . This is a very back feature on an otherwise well-engineered product.I certainly would not buy this pruner if I had it to do over again .
 The plastic connector is a poor design and slips when fully extended . I bought for triming the upper branches , as I can reach 8 to 10 feet with a ladder .
 I bought mine on Cozumel and hung it when i got home . But when you get into it , it feels like you 're lying on a flat board , the sides dont go up around you , and it feels like if you were to turn or shift around , you 'd just fall out of it -LRB- it 's a one person hammock -RRB- . If I did hang it without doing something additional to it -LRB- i just hung it from the loops on the ends -RRB- , please tell me how to fix it ! Thanks !
 This is one ugly hammock . It was a gift and would not have been my choice . It is large enough to hold two people , which might sound like fun , but you end up practically lying on top of each other because it has no spreaders . You 'd be better off spending your money on a different hammock .
 This is one ugly hammock . It was a gift and would not have been my choice . It is large enough to hold two people , which might sound like fun , but you end up practically lying on top of each other because it has no spreaders . You 'd be better off spending your money on a different hammock .
 I own , use and enjoy many Corona products , but this one is poorly designed . I bought it to prune a bunch of cedars and junipers . I received it one day and unpackaged it to go out and start pruning . I was not trying to cut any limbs larger than it was rated for and I was not trying to cut any dead wood . From the first cut I noticed that it took much more force to cut than my other Corona loppers and then on the fourth cut one handle snapped in two and I am not a particularly strong person . I returned the shears the next day to Amazon with no problems . I have since noticed that my local orchard supply store carries a large number of Corona products , but they do not carry this shear .
 these loppers did not preform well at all , when tried to cut a 3 '' treecould not cut at all . Handles seemed to want to break instead of cut limb.It also requires a tremendous amount of stregnth to operate loppers.preformance ratings of 1 to 10 , I give them a three . Needless to say , I returned item .
 I love good hand tools and have bought and inherited many of the best . After much shopping research , it appeared that this Corona Clipper 37 '' Professional Super Duty Bypass Lopper would be a great addition to my tool collection . Unfortunately , I can give it only two stars for being ruggedly built and having a good sharp blade , because the performance has been a disappointment.Recently , I 've been trimming a lot of trees , -LRB- honey locust , cottonwood , silver maple , and oak -RRB- and I found that the lopper took a good deal of force to trim off small diameter limbs -LRB- < 3 '' -RRB- . For several weekends , I worked on these trees -LRB- 14 trailer loads of brush and limbs -RRB- and I kept trying out the lopper . Though I am above average in strength , I found that I was doing much more work than the lopper was doing.I just now came out the yard after attacking some 25 year old Manhattan Euonymus bushes . They were very over-grown and 10 feet tall . Some of the base vines were over 3 '' diameter . I wiggled my way into the tangled mess with my Corona lopper and found out quickly that this was the wrong tool to cut the base vines . To open the blade jaw , even for a small diameter cut , required that the handles spread open very wide , too wide for the tight quarters I was in . So I pulled out some old loppers I had , Fiskars 24 '' geared action . It did the job well . After pulling out the vine/limbs , I decided to test the cutting force of the Corona versus the Fiskars . The Fiskars required less effort to cut through the same limb . That 's when I decided to write this review.The Corona product has good quality materials , but the design is a dinosaur for effective cutting .
 I bought this item for farm use . I clip brush and small trees , none over 2-inches . It is listed as a 3-inch capacity BUT it has a simple pivot , it is not ratcheted , and the amount of force to cut even 2-inch trunks will tire you out in no time , especially if you have a lot of cutting to do and it 's even worse when the cutting has to be done at a odd angle . I 've found that my ratcheted loppers from other manufacturers work fine for up to 2-inch and I use a small chainsaw for anything over that . I get a lot more cutting done before I wear out and it 's done faster.As an aside , within two years of buying it the metal ` leg ' that goes from the cutting blade to the wooden handle broke , a straight fracture side-to-side that my machine shop said they could n't weld . The ` leg ' appears to be made out of a real grainy metal with the steel cutting blade somehow attached . In any event , it was a crummy build for what I paid and a replacement blade is over $ 60 , not including S&H. ; Ca n't say this would happen to someone else but for what I paid it should not have happened to me . It worked fine while it worked , and under limited conditions . Perhaps it will work better in a suburban setting than a farm one .
 This hammock made you feel as if you were laying in a MRI tube . It curled up around your body , firmly squeezing your arms to your body . I ca n't wait to return this item . I guess it was due to the hammock not having any slats at the head and foot areas . We have learned a lesson !! The quality appeared to be very good.We were so looking forward to relaxing in our new hammock . This was a big dissappointment .
 Hammock is ok quality , and a decent price , but it is n't the most comfortable . You feel like you 're slumped into a sling , and you need large trees or posts to tie it to . If you want a comfortable hammock , or you want to use a stand , get hammock with wood bars . I bought one from ExoticHammocks for about $ 50 and gave away my Amazona . Also , look for a hammock with nylon or polyester . Cotton hammocks rot and fade .
 I have purchased 3 of these units for multiple properties and two of the three have failed multiple times . The manufacturer had to replace parts again and again . No explanation but they failed in the worst way - THE WATER DID NOT TURN OFF !!! Hours and hours of water were wasted again and again and again and again . I would NEVER recommend this unit and have I REPLACED ALL OF THEM .
 I programmed it as instructed . Then , I used the `` manual '' which allowed it to water . When I tried to go back to auto mode the unit could not turn off . I even reset and reprogrammed the thing . No matter what I tried from that point on it was on all the time . I sent it back .
 This is not a reliable product !! My wife said that the timer had stopped working and needed new batteries , I thought - wow this thing will get through batteries quick . Changed the batteries and the display is dead .
 its works good for a while but start leaking and if you make a mistake the time wont undo the signal for five minutes making you wait even when you take out the battries it keeps on going and start saying low battery . typical chinese junk , but think it the better one of all the others . so its the best pience of junk of the others . the water seal rotted in two years .
 This would be a great timer . It is easy to set . Keeps the settings when you change batteries . Resists water . Allows manual override and lets you remove the timer from the valve to program . The big problem that it shares with most of these timers is lack of reliability . Mine stopped working within a week . The company was very easy to deal with and offered to ship a new one next day but I need a timer now or my plants will die so I will return it to Amazon .
 I bought two of these . One failed after a few months by staying on at the end of the cycle , flooding my yard . Seemed to work on manual some of the time . New batteries made no difference . I dismantled it and there was no damage or debris . The solenoid mechanism is extremely delicate , depending on a fine spring and the magnetic properties of a small plunger . I finally got it working but it failed again after a few months . Bad design.I would prefer that it fail by not going on . If the lawn starts looking dry , I can address that . If it floods for 12 hours before I see it , it will do damage , cost a lot of money -LRB- water is expensive where I live -RRB- , and will break the law -LRB- watering is only allowed on certain days and times -RRB- . UPDATE
 Very disappointing . This timer did not even last one year . It now turns on and off randomly . After I first noticed the malfunction , I checked the batteries with a multimeter and found them to be weak . I replaced them -LRB- 2 9 volt -RRB- and reprogrammed the unit . It still has a mind of it 's own . Into the trash it goes.It was not cheap to buy and seemed like a quality unit when I received it , but it has turned out to be a piece of junk . I wish I could find a watering timer that works over time . I had a gilmour that lasted a year and a half . The best results I 've had were from a melnor brand I got from Home Depot , but that only lasted 3 years . A landscaping guy that lives up the street told me that you need to spend $ 100 to get a good one . I 'm still trying to swallow that price and may just have to put that bit of watering back in the chore schedule . Stay away from this one !!
 I just finished disconnecting this timer , and tomorrow I will return it to the hardware store where I bought it . I have had it for about two weeks . The timer mechanism works just fine , but apparently the valve does n't
 This product is so great when it works . Easy to program , easy to install , and easy to just forget about . But I 've have two of them , and they have both failed.The first one malfunctioned approximately 2 months after my purchase from Amazon -- the timer portion would randomly allow water through -LRB- i.e. , open the valve -RRB- even though it was set to `` Auto Run '' and it was NOT a set time to run . Because your water spigot is always open with these , if the Orbit fails -- water is continually streaming out until you notice it . And because they are in the `` set it and forget it '' category , it may take you a while to notice . For me , it took about a day and $ 325 worth of wasted water.I called Orbit and they were shocked that such a thing could happen . They said it was an anomaly -- not something that they had heard of before . They replaced it within a month.However , now the second Orbit 62001 that I purchased is broken . Same exact problem
 I have one of these timers and have recommended it to my neighbors , who have purchased another 5 . Only one person has had trouble free use . The timer has a mind of it 's own and after a short period , starts to water on it 's own agenda or does not shut down as programed . Several people have returned them for replacements , but only got more of the same . I now have an erratic one that is over 90 days old , ... out of warantee ... but defective and should be replaced nevertheless . November 9th and my only working timer developed it 's own agenda . The fault it in the solenoid / water supply which seems to open or stay open erratically . I hear this product is being discontinued ... good news ... now how about all the unfortunates who bought them ??
 We returned the first unit because of an electronic malfunction when rain was getting into timer . -LRB- You would think it would be water proof - it is supposed to be used outside and with a hose -RRB- . Second unit -LRB- replacement for the first -RRB- seems to have a valve that does not work . Tried calling Orbit many times about the second unit only to be on hold for 10 to 20 minutes on different occasions . Sent e-mail waiting for response . NOT HAPPY .
 I have this product for 3 month.Works good for 2 month until now.Timer FAIL twice to STOP WATER and cause flood.This product totally not reliable !
 I installed my timer and the valve would open , but with hardly any downstream pressure . I called Orbit and they suggested I return the timer , which I did and asked for a replacement . The replacement came , and same thing . Valve opens , and the water just trickles out the downstream side . I 'm very disappointed . One faulty part I can understand , but two in a row ?
 I 've had some issues with my Orbit irrigation timer . Granted , it 's not the same model as the one that I am supposed to be reviewing , but nonetheless , I think this is applicable . Not to brag , but I 've got probably 8 thousand dollars `` invested '' in landscaping in the terraced gardens at my house . The work has been done over the last 5-7 years . I had a professional install a drip irrigation system , but it did not include a professional timer system . The landscaper provided the timer for the first phase of the work . It was Nelson brand . It has a very simple programming system . For some reason I bought the second timer myself , an Orbit timer sold at a local irrigation supply store . Every spring I have to refer to the owner 's manual to program the Orbit timer . Thank God I 've kept the manual.During this summer 's drought , I noticed a couple trees and shrubs were looking a little parched -LRB- actually more than a little -RRB- . Being a smart guy , I thought to myself , `` I 'll bet they are n't getting enough water '' . I crawled behind the cedar tree that was planted , very inconveniently , directly in front of the water spigot where the timers are located . After sweating for 20 minutes in the 95 degree heat , I determined that the fault was the Orbit timer . It was working fine with the exception that no water was going through the thing itself . Apparently , the 3 inch section of tubing that runs through the timer was clogged with God knows what little particles that come through my water system . Of course there is no filter that I can clean on the Orbit timer , so I have to dispose of it entirely and get a new timer . Actually , I 've jury rigged the Nelson timer so it will control both areas . I 'll just let it run twice as long.Anyway , I would avoid these cheap Orbit timers . Hopefully Nelson still makes a good timer for your lawn or garden .
 I wanted a timer that did 2 separate functions this did n't seem to do that .
 We have purchase four of these . One at our house has failed repeatedly & mfg has reluctantly shipped parts -LRB- call that a solution ? -RRB- . That 's bad enough ... installed two at a clients second home so it would come on & off at vacant home . When we least expected it & were out of town ; one of them failed numerous times ; flooding the gardent and then no water ... so when we check my clients had a FRIED garden . OOPS ! I recommend skipping Orbit all together . Sincerely , Mr. embarrased with my clients .
 the Orbit 62001 look good on paper . The one I got stopped working after 5 days . The The timer portion is easy to use . My problem is with the water on and off valve . That part stopped working in record time . I called the Orbit , they said they would send me a replacement for the valve portion . That was 5 days ago and nothing has come .
 Easy to program . Looks like good quality but timer is all screwed up . You can manually make it open and close so batteries are good and also keeps correct time . It will come on and stay on forever . Set for 1 hour at 5:30 am and 1 hour at 6:30 pm . It was still running at noon time today . Definitely keep an eye on this thing after 1 month .
 As the tittle suggests this product worked great for about 6 weeks but then the screen just faded out to nothing pretty much over night . I 'm going to see about warranty replacement but we 'll see how that goes .
 Worked great first year.The next year it started screwing up while we were on vacation.Too late to save tomatoes in an unusually dry year.Battery tested good , changed battery any way.Was not reliable after that.Orbit seems to be a major player in these products.My advise is to buy locally and keep your guaranty handy.Set it and monitor it at the start of each season before relying on it .
 Unit worked for a bit over 30 days , then water wo n't turn off ... gon na ask for a replacement ... if I get one that works , it will be a great timer .
 I 've used timers like this for almost every garden I 've ever had . I read the great reviews and opted for this over the DIG timers I was replacing -LRB- all three of them from my old place did n't work when I set up my irrigation in my new house ! -RRB- . I set it up and this morning was it 's first run and it failed miserably . I set it to start at 4:30 am and water for an hour . I could still hear the water going when I was getting ready for work at 7 . It started but never stopped.Any suggestions ? I followed the directions for how to set it . Obviously if it does n't close the valve then it 's worthless . Any suggestions?Thanks , Joan
 I bought this to use with a Scarecrow motion sensitive sprinkler to keep the deer from coming into my garden over the one stretch of fence that is low.I chose this one because it lets you set two watering periods of up to 6 hours , which is enough to keep it on all night.Right out of the box it sometimes allowed the water to switch on at times it was supposed to be off , thus sprinkling people in the yard during the day . I took it apart , fiddled with it a bit and got it to work . Most of the time . For a while . But now it turns back on within a minute of shutting off . Since people , other than the kids , do n't like getting sprinkled , they shut off the hose bib valve , so the deer come in and eat my entire garden . This is not good.The batteries are fine and no power should be required to keep the valve in the closed state . The problem is the valve.Even worse , I do n't know another timer that will allow me to keep the water on all night . Maybe I 'll have to get a full multiple zone sprinkler timer and a valve just for this scarecrow . I ca n't use my existing sprinkler system because only one zone can be on at a time an issue need this thing to be on all night.Update : I found this one : Claber 8454 Aquauno Video 2-Cycle Water TimerIt allows cycles of up to 23 hours and gets decent reviews . I 'll try it . I hope the deer do n't kill off my garden before it gets here . For the next couple days , I 'm going to need to remember to turn it on at night and turn it off in the morning so it does n't sprinkle the lawn guys , me , my father-in-law and anyone else who visits that part of the yard .
 Last Spring I read the positive reviews on this item and was hopeful I had found a product that might last more than a season.Wrong . I ordered two that were placed in two different locations and mounted to two different yard hydrants with filters and pressure regulators . One of the timers failed upon installation . The valve never shut off completely . There was constantly a small flow , and full flow during watering times . I called customer service and they sent me a new complete unit -LRB- no return requested -RRB- . I installed that unit and now four months later it is still working.About two weeks later I notice that the other system is running at a time that it should not . I shut it off through the timer . About 5 minutes later it is on again . I replace the batteries -LRB- which were still good -RRB- , reprogram and same problem . I call customer service and they decide it is the digital portion of the unit . They send me a new digital unit . I returned the old unit and installed the new digital unit . Immediatly I have the same problem . Customer service decides that it must be the valve portion of the system . They send me the valve portion . I return the old valve and instal the new valve . Everything works fine for about two months , then I notice the water running when it should n't be and it keeps coming back on until reprogrammed . After programming it will stay off until the first time the valve opens then it will not turn off again . -LRB- Same problem as before . -RRB- I call cumtomer service and am told that ALL of my previous parts that were returned were tested and found to work flawlessly . If I want this part replaced I will have to ship it in at my expense and if they find a problem then they will replace it . I was willing to pay the extra price to get what I thought was an American made product . When it came I discovered it to be of Chinese manufacture , and the quality too frequently associated . If I must buy Chinese `` crap '' I will pay `` Chinese crap prices '' for it . Another sorriful example of a -LSB- formerly -RSB- great American company that went to China at the expense of quality control . They 've lost this customer .
 I bought five of these timers from Amazon . I loved the flexibility on watering times and the convenience of the manual timing . However , one only lasted a week before the valve would not work . The second one lasted three weeks before the electronic screen went blank and would not respond to new batteries -LRB- Most timers only take one 9 volt battery but these take two -RRB- . Amazon credited my account and made it easy to return them both . I replaced both of these with Melnor 3015s which have worked okay so far . The third Orbitz lasted six weeks before its electronic screen went blank and would not respond to new batteries . This time I contacted Orbitz -LRB- six year warranty -RRB- since my 30 days to return it to Amazon had expired . Orbitz said they would ship me a new electronic controller -LRB- they come in two parts which allows you to program the timer while holding it in your hand and then slip it onto the on/off valve -RRB- in five to six days . Orbitz said that the electronic timer is normally reliable and that the on/off valve is more prone to fail . Unless you have an odd watering cycle where you are restricted to only watering certain days of the week I would recommend buying the less expensive Melnor 3015 because in my experience it has been more reliable .
 Seemed like a decent timer and it worked good the first season I used it . . Kept it in storage over the winter and just got it out and it does n't work . . even when the display says OFF it still lets water through .
 This is the second Orbit product I am reviewing , and while it lasted longer than the first one , neither of the two could handle the downpours of Florida . I actually had to take this one apart and use a hot air blower to get the water out of the supposedly waterproof timer device . I will never purchase another Orbit garden timer for as long as I live in Florida .
 After purchasing 4 of these units and having to return 2 because THEY WOULD NOT SHUT OFF THE WATER , I 'd say there 's a fifty-fifty chance they 'll work properly . When they DO work , I 've found these timers to be user friendly
 So far I 've purchased two of the Orbit 62001 Lawn Timers , but I 've gone through about four of them with Amazon and the local mega-mart . The first 62001 I purchased in 2008 died -LRB- and it was my fault -RRB- when I left it out for a day during a freeze -LRB- note
 I bought two Orbit 62001 Timers to run drip systems in both my front yard and my backyard . The ability to remove the digital piece to set the timer is the best idea . I set up both timers and they were both working great for the first month.I started having problems with the system in the front and it would n't shut off when the time had run off . It showed as being off , but the valve was still open . Manually hitting the ` off ' button did n't work and only after hitting the clear button about 10 times did the valve finally close . As I was sitting there looking at it trying to figure out what to do , the valve opened back up and was running again . The console was n't working at this point at all . I had to turn off the water and figure out options . I ran multiple test by moving the location of the timer as well as switching the control panels between the 2 I have . In the end , it seems like one just does n't want to work.I 've tried everything and came here to read some reviews and it seems others have the same problem . I tried emailing the woman from Orbit who replied to a previous review but I have n't heard back from her -LRB- over a week now -RRB- . I would love to give these timers a great review , as one is still working without problems -LRB- crossing fingers -RRB- , but I just ca n't with the way this one is working -LRB- or not working as it would seem -RRB- . All I need is consistency . It 's 100 + here every day and having a system set up is much more convenient . At the same time , I ca n't have that system run all day !
 We bought one of these timers early last summer , thinking it was our solution for watering the flower beds automatically . It worked so good -LRB- and was easy to use -RRB- , so we bought another later last year.This year , both timers have stopped working . The timer unit seems fine , but they do n't cut off the water . One of them failed within the 1-year warranty , so Orbit replaced the valve assembly . However , now the other unit has failed.Maybe ours were flukes , but I wo n't be buying these again . Too expensive for only a year 's use .
 Looked forward to this unit ... now must return because it leaks terribly at the point of attachment . . tightened over and over ... tried new washers . . still leaks ...
 I just used this item today for the first time . The fan makes so much noise you would not use it in your car . It would be very annoying . I plan on returning it as soon as i can .
 I purchased this unit as I have a DC 9 inch tv , and I wanted to play DVD 's on it using my Xbox for the kids . The only thing I plugged into the Inverter was the Xbox , and the TV was plugged into another lighter spot , but was not turned on . Almost every time I turned on the Xbox the Inverter would shut down with the LCD saying `` low '' . And that was even with the car running . When it did stay on the LCD screen said that the Xbox was pulling only 55 watts which is way below the rated capacity . The unit would not run at all with the car off , and was hit or miss with car on ... Save your money !!
 The cigarette lighter plug is poorly designed and will blow your fuse . Before using , take the plug apart and tape the insulation in place . If they ca n't get this right , I wonder what other problems might lurk . It seems to function OK once this defect is corrected - up to about 150 watts . You will have to connect directly to the battery for more . I replaced the cigarette lighter plug with one from Radio Shack and it works fine .
 Beautiful , and very eye-catching . Have it hanging from a tree facing my patio . We have great air flow , and this thing spins and catches the light constantly . Not too heavy , not too light . A light breeze is all it takes . A fantastic outdoor decor item.UPDATE : Although I was initially thrilled with this product , I am compelled to write this important update . I have now noticed excessive rust signs on most of my beautiful wind spinner . Having just logged in to enquire about returns or replacement , I see that I have missed that deadline by only a week ;-LRB- this item was a Christmas gift for me from my mother , so it was only outdoors for about a month.If the seller reads this , I would very much like to return not for refund , but for replacement . Now that I see this damage on such a new item , I would strongly recommend spraying this wind spinner with either a clear lacquer or a weatherproof rust prevention spray to preserve the life span of this once-beautiful item . Hopefully the seller will contact me , and if so I will write another update on their follow-up service .
 Personally , I do not recommend this product for any buyers because it does not work as described in the website . I used for 3 days a single flies or insect did not trap . When i read the website it has really good description thus i paid little more but this not was i expected , I now decided to return this product . I do not recommend any buyers waster money buying this item .
 This Handicap stencil was not heavy enough for making more than a few spots . I used it for 12 spots and it fell apart on the 9th time I used it . The paint -LRB- brushed -RRB- made it so wet that it became weak.This type of stencil needs to be out of plastic or rubber.You get what you pay for .
 This stencil is made of thin wax coated paper and has fold marks everywhere . It would not lay flat so painting was sloppy . Also the company who is selling the stencil is Ace Hardware Outlet and they were horrible to deal with .
 The plug looks fine but it says it will fit nearly any small engine . This will not fit any small engine I have ever seen or used these plugs are big . about 3 inches long and about an inch wide huge plug . if you have an older engine it might fit it . the only reason I only gave 1 star is because it says fits any small engine and it will not fit any small engine i have .
 I tried the Spa System Flush 3 times to no avail . The liquid just did n't cut the grime and gunk .
 This product did not work for me . Although this barley straw extract is marketed as an algae control product , to the company 's credit nowhere on the label do the words `` controls algae '' appear . After two months of usage according to directions , this liquid had no effect on the algae in my pond.The label does say that the product is `` organically formulated to promote cleaner clearer water . `` It did n't do that either .
 EcoPCO WP-X - 1 lb.The only way this killed the ants was if they drowned in how much I had to use . And the next day , back again.I would not ever buy it again .
 I bought 10 , soon after installation I noticed leaking from the top lead on and off for no apparent reason on all of them , tightening the lead or applying Teflon tape did not help , leak was so severe that 1 inch or more of water buildup inside the in-ground irrigation boxes , I called Orbit and complain about it , they send me a single diaphragm repair kit , the difference on the diaphragm is obvious , the new one has a taller peripheral lip and are made of transparent silicone that is more flexible , my local hardware store continue to sell the valves with the old diaphragm despite having the new style repair kit on their shelf . The bottom line is that you will never have a piece of mind as this valve may start leaking at any time or you will have to spend another $ 5 for the repair kit
 The manufacturer should be embarrassed to sell such garbage . The in/out threads do not fit standard pipe threads , so you have to use miles of teflon tape for sealing , and even that does n't last long . The valves themselves leak , and leak , and leak , regardless if you tighten the ring hand-tight or wrench tight . Not just a few drops , but significant amounts of water on a continual basis . I 'm no plumbing amateur , and I 've never seen such a bad plumbing product . You WILL be sorry you bought this product .
 This is the worst Orbit product I ever seen , it leaks since day one . I have 4 in the back yard , they all leak . The FPT on both in and out does not match the threads on PVC fittings , even after you uses 10 layers of Teflon tape . I noticed the leak stops on a hot day , but restart after a cold night . The screw on top cover leaks as well , also temperature related . Very poorly designed . I 'm switching to a different brand , different design .
 The Diaphragm lasts about 2 years and then cracks and starts to leak . I bought a new valve to get the parts and noticed that the new diaphragm is clear - mentioned in another review - Hopefully the different material will work better . Meanwhile Orbit has stopped showing parts on their website so I have to call them tomorrow to see if I can get some parts . If you are building a new system get another brand .
 In the software industry , they would call this a bug . In my opinion , this is a repeatable `` SHOW STOPPER '' !! I had 3 of these with an Orbit 3 port manifold . All 3 of the valves leaked from BOTH SIDES and then I stumbled onto this thread -LSB- ... -RSB- which basically stated the same problem . I tried a using the thread wrap a little bit , a moderate amount , a significant amount -LRB- as directed -RRB- and excessive amounts . All with results that were equal to Leaking ! In regards to tight , I tried `` not to tight '' , moderately tight and really tight . Also with the same results . Now I 'm building my own . : o -LRB- If you question this review ... The instructions state to `` put 7-8 wraps of the plumbing tape to keep it from leaking . Trust me , when you get 7-8 full wraps on the threads , there 's not much threads left over and even then it leaks . SHAME ON ORBIT !
 Most sprinkler valves include a mechanism for manually activating the sprinklers without wasting a lot of water around the valve . This one uses a cheap bleed valve that does , indeed , open the valve . But it continuously sprays water all around the valve in the process . This is wasteful and may be harmful if there 's anything sensitive to water in the vicinity of the valve . I would not buy this valve again .
 This product claims to be 5 inches . It is the only reason I ordered them . They are no more than 2 inches high . Very very disappointed .
 I have the same problem as the other reviewer . This is not 5 inches ... it 's barely 1 inch . If you place this seat pad on a recliner you wo n't even notice it .
 We did n't get a single seed to germinate . Waste of money and time . We followed the instructions but we did n't get any action . I would not recommend buying this .
 I have one of these feeders but no matter where I hang it for the birds the squirrels come along and jump on it and dumps out all of the seeds .
 This feeder was supposed to have wooden legs . I should have read the reviews before buying . If I had known it had cheap metal legs I would not have paid that kind of price for it .
 Promptly hung it up outside to show my pride as they went through the Stanley Cup tourney . And left it up the remaining summer and winter . Its now falling apart . Buying a different one now .
 This rain suit fell apart on its first use ! I would have sent it back for a refund but then I would have lost money on shipping !
 OK for low cost rain gear . Sizes seemed to run a bit small . Plastic is very lightweight . OK for price paid .
 Never again this is a terrible pump replaced twice . I had it checked by a pool repair company they said Waterway pumps are poorly designed and corrode around the inside of the pump which is what causes them do stop working . We only had our last pump for 1 year and 1 month STAY AWAY FROM WATERWAY !! POOLTOWN CARED LESS BUT WERE MORE THAN WILLING TO TAKE MORE OF OUR MONEY . Waterway refused to warranty item to replace even though it was only used for 3 months stored in the garage during the winter .
 I have had to replace 2 of these pumps in 2 years . Poor quality , when this next one goes out , and I 'm sure it will , I will spend the money for a Hayward
 I had been really excited to try this for my intex above ground pool since the ones they come with are pretty useless . I was looking for something that could actually pump the entire pool . As soon as I opened the packaged it had a warning label that it could not be used with these and other setup / take down `` seasonal '' or `` temporary '' above ground pools . Warning should have been on the page before purchase . Huge hassle to return it , as it is rather heavy .
 I have not caught a rat in this trap . The bait is gone , no body . The Victor snap traps work MUCH better ... because they work .
 I ordered a six pack of these traps . We have 10 acres of open space behind us that 's filled with assorted critters including literally 100 's of pack rats . They come into the yard at nite and decimate the garden . I gave one trap to a neighbor and set the remaining 5 using peanut butter for bait . We caught rats in all six traps the first nite and had varying degrees of success for the next week . I was delighted . Then I discovered I was unable to set one of the traps because the plastic latch that holds the trap in the set position had worn smooth . Watch out fingers !! The same thing happened to two more traps leaving me with 3 working traps . They 're a great idea , much easier and safer to set than the old wooden ones , and they catch rats . I would have given them 5 stars if they had been more reliable . At 5 bucks a pop they should last longer than a week .
 If you want a cute frog or turtle for your garden buy the sprinkler , but if you actually want to water something do n't bother.The clamps would not hold the tiny tube securely when even the slightest amount of water pressure was turned on . I am assuming I connected it together right , but not even sure about that . Instructions ? None . . Was really disappointed in this whole thing , it would have been perfect for where I wanted it to go in the middle of a flower bed .
 THERMOMETER WORKED FOR ALMOST 2 WEEKS , THEN THE INTERIOR FELL APART , COMPLETELY DESTROYING THERMOMETER !!! WE ARE VERY DISAPPOINTED , AND LEFT WITH HAVING TO FIND A REPLACEMENT - CERTAINLY NOT THIS BRAND .
 Amazon advertised it as an above AND in ground pool pump and at 1.5 hp &#8230; . the pump does NOT function well at all with proper piping as an in ground pool pump ; the flow rate was vastly insufficient . Looked up Hayward pumps , after Amazon purchase and the manufacturer specified the pump as Above Ground duty ONLY . In addition , most pumps are rated at dual voltage 120/220V and the Amazon post never clarified if the pump motor was single or dual voltage . Further Amazon postings of this model pool pump should clarify 120V ONLY please .
 I am on my THIRD pump in 3 years the filter system works great when it works the pump has issues needs to be made to last longer the old pump and filter I replaced lasted 10 + years .
 I am about to replace my third pump -LRB- all this same make and model -RRB- over a 5 or 6 year period . Everything is correctly installed and relegiously maintained , runs 8 hrs . a day from June to mid September and it is put inside the house for the winter . They run fantastic for about a year and 1/2 to two years , and then just burn out . Getting sick of these disposable pumps . They would n't dare warranty them for a two year period . Probably being made in China now !
 I purchased this Hayward pump 2 years ago and the motor failed today . Hayward customer service said sorry it only has a 1 year warranty . pretty much out of luck . This pump only ran 8 hours a day from june thru september.Also drained and removed from service every winter and stored in garage . my first pool pump was over 6 years old before it failed and it was a generic brand . I thought when I bought Hayward I was buying from a company that would back their product better then they are ... I am very dissappointed and unsure if I should purchase another Hayward product . Looking at the reviews for this pump I think I must of bought a lemon .
 I ordered this thinking it was a street sign turns out it 's a license plate guard ! I am very disappointed and am planning on demanding a refund !
 This is all stainless , however the spikes are shorter than the other items available and you only get 5 linear feet for $ 26 . That 's $ 5/foot . You can buy the plastic ones or the ones with stainless spikes and plastic spine for a lot less .
 the machine appears well built and started right away . The assembly was hindered by a lack of reasonable instructions . The belt broke after one day of use . I ordered two new belts from swisher . they readily accepted the order and charged my credit card however , the order has been impossible to track . i sent 6 emails and no response . i tried calling 4 times and was put on automatic hold each time for over 30 minutes each time with no answer . The customer service is horrible . actually the term `` swisher customer service '' is an oxymoron . there is no service . I also wrote for information on how to install the belt - it looks like you must remove the engine . I hesitated buying this machine and was going to buy a tow behind Dr -LRB- although more expense -RRB- . well i should have followed my instincts .
 I was initially happy that this mat came so fast from the vendor , but , after using the mat for barely 4 months , it looks like it 's 10 yrs old already , it 's pilling , but that is n't the worse , it 's already got a tear where the rubber meets the material . The tear is approx . 10 '' long -LRB- though have n't actually measured the tear yet -RRB- . I am really displeased and surprised , as I 've bought really cheapo mats from the cheap stores and they 've lasted for 5-10 yrs . I expected this would last at a minimum 4 + yrs . It 's in front on my recliner , and I only walk on it about 5 times a day -LRB- with my slippers on -RRB- , for a few steps . The mat also seems to slide around a lot . I believe it 's inferior because it 's thinner than most mats . I will not buy this mat again . How does rubber tear , did n't even know that was possible ? My guess is that it rolled up a couple times when I got out of the recliner , but I did that with the cheapo mats with no problems , so it must be that it 's too thin.If you are going to buy any mat , be sure to get the measurement of how thick the rubber is and compare them . I certainly would never put this mat as a door front entrance since it ca n't handle a few minor steps per day.The 1 month warranty is up , so I probably have no recourse but I did send the seller a note and will see what they say.product link : `` Ribbed 3 ` X5 ' Mat ''
 Thank you very much.I 've try to contact Amazon.com but had no way to do so.Since I order Gerber 22-41576 Gator Machete with Sheath till now I did not received it yet . Can you find out why ? I sent me my item or give to me my money back ? Pleases !
 I will admit that this is a great looking machete . At first glance you would think from a company like Gerber , it would also be high quality as well . Guess again , there blade is less than a quarter tang . This means you have 2 inches of metal in the handle trying to keep the rest of the 18 inch blade from snapping off or coming loose when you swing it at the brush you are clearing . The handle feels great in your hand but it is only a handle , it does n't support the blade . To get an idea of how much tang you have , look at the picture of the machete on this site with the blue background and the ruler in it that I posted . In this picture you can clearly see why swinging this `` machete '' too hard may be hazardous to you and those around you . It is held in the handle by a single bolt with the bottom bolt only holding tension in a slot in the bottom of the tang of the blade . The entire tang , clearly shown in my picture , is only 21/2 inches long.I sure expected a lot more from a company with the reputation Gerber has and this has made me rethink a lot of future purchases from them . Go to the hardware store and get one of their $ 8.00 surplus machetes . It will serve you a lot better than this piece of junk will . Glad I took it apart before I had to depend on it in the brush .
 I thought for the price , this Gerber Machete was either too good to be true , or a steal . It 's both , but now that the handle is starting to fall apart , and I 've disassembled it to see why , I now say it 's a dangerous tool to use.There is already a customer image showing it disassembled . Look carefully . The tang only goes into the handle a short distance . This has allowed the blade to flex enough to break the front part of my handle , and the handle now is bent up in a V pattern rather than straight inline with the blade.I was entirely pleased the first few hours of using this tool , nice rubber grip , sharp enough , pretty Gerber emblem laser engraved on the blade . But then the handle cracked , I noticed the blade edge was dented , and the entire blade was bent about midway.I 've sharpened it on a grinding wheel , and wow , it 's a very soft metal , the lightest touch to the wheel takes off a lot of metal !!! It was then I took the handle off and to my dismay/horror , the tang is really really short . There is NO EXCUSE for not having a thin bit of metal running the entire length of the handle.I still will use it for extremely light duty work , but it 's far too dangerous for serious brush clearing , as I 'm quite certain the blade will one day fly off into the distance.As for the soft metal , the bend in the blade , and the lack of edge holding ability , maybe it 's safer than a hard blade that will crack or break , I do n't know . The saw back is for decoration in my opinion , I 've not used it , as I like to put a little weight on the back side of my hand saws , and , well , there 's a blade on the back of this one . : -RRB- Straight out of the box , I 'd have given this a 5-star for looks . Sadly , in use , it disappoints , and is a real hazard to the user and bystanders.If only they 'd make the tang full or 3/4 length ... I can deal with having to sharpen it frequently .
 I ordered this machette to blaze trees for a property paint line . However right ofter receiving it , I used it to trim a small bush next to my driveway . Although it is as sharp as a knife the metal edge bent easily , and now it is serrated and useless just from cutting < 1/4 inch stems for less than 5 min . I am not sure what type of brush it will cut without getting damaged .
 I own and love many Gerber Products . This Machete is not one of them.The blade bent and cracked on the first swing at some 1/4 '' -1 / 2 '' thickbrush . This Item not worthy of the Gerber name.Scott PhillipsFranktown Colorado
 Went out to clear a thicket . First few swipes the cuting edge bent in 2 places . This is not a tempered steel blade.Saw it not that sharp either.If I could give it 1/10 of a star I would do that.The case is nice , the handle is nice , but the steel inthe blade is the worst.Gerber you can do better than this .
 A decent sheath and a decent concept of design and features but not a good blade at all . Apparently there must be a lot of variance in the degree of heat treatment if any as some claim it cuts 1 inch trees . I could not get it to cut anything , sharpened it till it sliced paper and it still would not cut even a dead twig . The saw back did work so maybe they only tempered that edge on the batch I bought . It now has a nice divot about 2 inches back from the tip where I tried foolishly to chop a 1/8 twig against a dead , spongy , tree stump . Also had to glue the rubber grip back on the handle after one day of very light use .
 Gerber should be embarrassed to put their formerly fine name on this piece of junk.First complaint
 This Machete is not a brush clearing achete . It is basically a 14-15 year olds dream knife that they can show off to their friends . Or could be very easily used as a close quarters defense weapon .
 This is priced about the same as U.S. military machetes , available through army surplus stores . Be prepared to have this tool sharpened before use because all it does is bend what it hits . There is nothing more dangerous than a dull tool -LRB- except a dull user -RRB- . So it will cost you about $ 10 and a week wait time to bring the edge to something sharper than a butter knife .
 Gerber should seriously start thinking to recall and apologize for this stupid toys they have the nerves to call a Machete . The unsafe short tang issue could cause horrendous damage to the user or bystanders and therefore could cause Gerber some serious and costly lawsuits.For Starters , this `` things '' are made out of Stainless Steel which is NOT suitable for a Machete -LRB- Unless is the rare and super-expensive Ultra High Carbon Stainless , which is , of course , not used on these -RRB- , And , to ad to the insult , the Stainless Steel on these is of the WORST quality available.Ah !! And this thing is MADE IN CHINA.Stainless Steel is softer , not flexible , easier to break and the edges dull quicker than carbons.Carbon Steel Blades are harder , cheaper than Stainless Steel and retains sharpness longer.The only disadvantage is that Carbon Steel Blades are much more vulnerable to rust when in contact with moisture and they must be oiled , painted or electroplated to be protected from it.Do you wan na buy a serious , working , REAL Machete ? Buy one made by the people who have been making and using them for CENTURIES and whose lives depend on them , people who perfectly understands what a Machete should be
 I bought this for my survival bag . I bought a house and wanted to clear some brush so I figured I 'd try it out . Not only is it not full tang like the other reviewers said but it is weak . The entire curved area of the tip got all bent up just from normal use . I 've bent it back a few times but it always bends back again . I 'll keep using it until it breaks or I hurt myself using it .
 Flimsy . This is the post recall new version . I torture tested my old version before sending it back for replacement . It failed . I actually used it to cut down a Home Depot aluminum patio cover that got crushed by snow . The aluminum tore the blade . The sheath is great . Because its so thin its actually perfect for small branches . But for cutting saplings or bigger I recommend a milspec Onterio machette .
 I 'm a little dismayed that so much info has come out since I ordered this tool . I have registered to send it back for the handle recall , but really do n't use it as my `` go to '' camp saw , so was n't in the target recall group . The tang situation is distressing though . I can not see how they would be so concerned about handle slippage and not take the opportunity to address the ridiculous lever stress point they have created in the front of the handle . The Gerber recall hotline says replacement has a modified handle , lanyard addition , `` and other safety modifications '' . Has anyone received their replacement Gator and disassembled ? You can buy a full tang machete on Amazon for $ 7.99 today , so Gerber deserves the reputation hit if they dont lengthen the tang while they have the chance .
 As typical for Gerber , this appeared to be a great product . It fits well in my hand , looks nice and is extremely well balanced . The blade is very acute , hones easily and holds a sharp edge ... However , once I used the machete for a chore worth calling work , I realized that I had `` saved '' too much money by buying this $ 17 product.When cutting limbs 3/4 inch thick , the sharp edge of the blade warped badly . I was able to use pliers to straighten the metal but anticipate the metal breaking the next time I straighten it . When cutting in an ideal environment with one limp at once , blade warpage may not be a problem . Bending of the blade happened when i was striking into a cluster of limps with non-target limbs striking at an odd angle.Also , concerning the blade
 I 've seen $ 5 machetes that were far sharper than this . I 've bought many items from Gerber and I 've been happy with all of them . I was extremely disappointed with this one . It 's a joke in fact . It would n't cut weeds consistently much less brush . I have a cheap machete that I 've been using for years to keep my ATV trails clear around my property . I was hoping for a machete that would hold an edge longer . I got one that wo n't take an edge at all . Do n't waste your money here . There are better machetes elsewhere .
 Blade is too thin.Light weight , Very sharp and the best for the price for around home.Would not go on a safari with it
 The Pelican is darling but the neck was broken so I called the company and they immediately sent me out a new one this one also was broken in the same area , so I would not order another one maybe the company who makes these pelicans needs to know that there is a weakness in this area .
 Why put a piece of junk engine on a great splitter . The splitter is great and the engine is great , IF you can start it . I 'll never buy another product with a Briggs in it . Worthless if it does n't start , Honda has been starting on the first pull in everything they power for years . Ca n't Briggs figure it out after all this time .
 Forget the 1500 lbs they say it will carry.The one and only welded stud on the entire wagon snapped off in the first couple of days and the heaviest thing that had been in it was our 42lb grandson.The stud held and controlled the steering mechanism ; a very poor design/flaw that ruins the entire wagon.After 2 trys with Griz 's cust.svc . and 20 days of waiting for parts that were wrong -LRB- I even had 2fax them the parts list so they could see what I was talking about ... hello ! -RRB- The entire front undercarriage is welded together by the maker , but Griz sent parts that were wrong -LRB- they insisted that the part was what we needed.AND we would have had2somehow weld it ourselves.They have our $ $ and we have scrap metal.Oh , it 's a pretty blue !
 I have had a similar wagon that I bought at one of the big home centers for a couple of years now . Mine was rated at 1200 # capacity . They seem to be rated differently at different places.I have never loaded 1200 # , but have regularly loaded with 600 #s of sacked concrete . I have broke three of the wheels . Luckly -LRB- ? -RRB- here was a recall on my cart involving the wheels and the company sent my four new ones . The recall had nothing to do with the way my wheels are breaking . The weld hikding the hub to the wheel breaks on the front wheels.A friend re-welded one of them , so I down to two spare wheels now . I 'll have him re-weld the set when the next one breaks.I like the cart and have used it to haul alot of concrete , various tools and full loads of wood . But it is not well made . If I had n't received the replacement wheels and did n't have a friend with a MIG welder , the cart was quickly have been useless.My son bought a different design model at CostCo that I 'll be looking it when it does n't make sense to fool with this one anymore . His looks heavier duty , but wo n't turn as sharply as this model .
 I was very disappointed with the condition of the cart when it arrived . The box was busted , pieces were missing , and Grizzly will take weeks to get me the replacement parts . They also do n't tell you before you order that the delivery freight truck wo n't deliver the 95 pound box unless a human is there .
 We also have this wagon , and we have the same problem . We only use the thing to haul hay to our 4 horses , Maybe 20 pounds at the most , and the front front end broke on ours the same as the other reviews said . We agree it is a pretty blue ... We are gon na try to contact the company , but no matter what they send us , it will require us welding it on ourselves ...
 The welded front wheel connection broke almost immediately with no more stress than 100 lbs of compost and soil
 I bought this filter understanding it was a Unicel brand filter . It is NOT ! It is a Aqua Kleen AK-3049 . Hopefully it will perform and last as long as my Unicel did -LRB- 5 yrs + -RRB- , but somehow I doubt it . Buyer beware ! I find this sort of bait and switch very unsavory .
 Purchased these because detail listed as unicel , products received were after market , not unicel brand . Would appreciate getting what is advertised . Last purchase from this seller I 'm afraid .
 I was really hoping that this nozzle was going to be great , but , it 's not . It was a waste of my money . The setting for the water to stream out with some pressure is very poor . My cheap nozzle -LRB- even with the drip -RRB- does a much better job . This nozzle is NOT worth the money ... save your money !
 The adjustable spray is great but in the first month of use , the base of the nozzle began leaking and spraying all over me every time I used it . It just does n't seem to be made well .
 Bought this 5 months ago and thought it was a great nozzle ; worked well , easy to use . Now , less than six months later , it has sprung minute leaks over the entire unit . Very strange , but obviously useless now . Save your money .
 I bought the Claber Multi-Jet Pistol at a home improvement store in California for what I thought was a good price , around $ 15 . It was wonderful for about 6 months when the trigger began to get stuck in the on position . Jiggling the trigger would sometimes allow it to shut off but it soon would jam again . Next I ran into the problem the earlier reviewer found , changing the spray pattern unscrewed the filter screen and totally ruined the spray pattern.This product is not well made . Save your money
 I ordered the wrong chain . I have emailed the seller 3 times , faxed a question and still have not received an address about where I can send the chain to exchange for the proper chain .
 has not worked yet . 2 weeks nothing , started again 10 days , 1 popped out of 30 , bummed
 EZ - Clone 60EZ - Clone 60Indoor growers should consider purchasing the Turboklone prior to purchasing the ez clone . Be warned that the ez clone product does not run at optimum cloning temperatures . Use of this product requires tedious water temperature management such as using timers , using a water chiller -LRB- $ 300 + -RRB- , adding ice , raising the lights above optimum height , storing in a cool room below optimum grow room temperatures , etc. . EZ Clone boasts a return rate of less than 1 % -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- ; however , you will encounter great difficulties in your attempt to return the product . Upon your attempted return , EZ Clone may inform you that you are able to clone with water temperatures of 85F , your heat problem is a product of your cleaning methods , etc. . The bottom line is
 Ok , This tire will never go flat , Neither will a bowling ball!A wheelbarrow has three supports , The wheel , Your left hand and arm , Your right hand and arm . When you are rolling your wheelbarrow and hit a bump or go over a 2x4 , The shock is sent to your hands and arms . If you are using a tubeless or tubed tire , even at proper inflation the tire will absorb some of the shock.This solid tire hits hard and you can really feel shock in your hands and arms , I am a strong man but I certainly can feel the difference.Also note ; That with age this solid rubber tire will harden , as rubber does.When I purchased this tire I was impressed with the idea , until I used it . Now I am so sorry I took the chance , This type of tire would be great on a 4-wheel cart or wagon . But when you are the other two supports on a wheelbarrow , I really suggest a tubeless or tubed tire , And you can put some green slime in your tire to prevent leaks and flats . Green slime is sold in bike shops and most hardware stores , They even make slime tubes for wheelbarrow tires.Good luck and really give some thought to what you are buying .
 I do not know how this thing could get better than 1 star . It is cheaply made and majorly chipped on first use in garden soil that had a few rocks . This would seriously NOT survive heavy use . This is best for shoveling -LRB- soft -RRB- sand ...
 I bend the shaft trying to transplant a 4 ft tree when the blade got stuck against a rock . Im a strong guy but come on I should n't be able to bend the handle in an arch LOL . A good ash handle is the only way to go !
 Bought this and returned it because it was inaccurate by 10 degrees F . The replacement was just as bad but Not bothering to return the replacement just keeping it for aesthetic value .
 As a consumer , the photograph of three -LRB- 3 -RRB- vials and `` Three '' as the first word in its description was misleading . Even the description states `` 5 '' capacity tube comes with 1 replacement tube '' . Disappointment was felt when only ONE vial arrived and , also , there was no `` lip '' on it as shown in the picture . A blunt response from the manufacturer when receiving our question of `` only one '' was stated as `` As per item description , the item only inludes 1 tube . '' `` Thank you ??? '' This was our first and will be our last order from this company `` Picnic World Plus '' .
 I actually had a curly hose for many years that I purchased when I first bought my MH . Someone stole it from my site up in Oregon . I had actually taken the MH out for the day and left the hose attached to let people know I would be back . I guess that was n't the wisest thing to do . Anyhow , I could n't find another for months and had to use the reguarl 25 foot white hose . What a pain that is . This stores in a small containter that I keep all my water related things in and is so much neater looking at the campsite . I would recommend this product whole-heartedly . WARNING WARNING WARNINGAfter using this hose for three RV trips of one week each , on the fourth trip I hooked it up and it looked just like a sprinkler system . There were large cracks every inch or so along the entire hose . DO NOT BUY ONE OF THESE HOSES !!!!!!!!!!!
 I really liked this hose until it developed small pin holes because it did n't kink and it was handy . Only had it this summer and it has several pin holes in it . It is stored inside a shed and so it was n't even the sun . Do not recommend .
 I bought this hose in March and used it on a cross-country trip in July . Put out and take up almost every day for a month . It worked as well as the last one I had which lasted 5 years -LRB- wish I could remember what brand that was -RRB- . Got home at the end of the month , dried it out , put it away in its storage box . Went to Va Beach this week-end . Got out the hose , hooked it up , turned on the water ... pin holes ! On the inside of the first 5 coils at both ends . I got a nice shower when I turned on the water . I dropped it in the dumpster on the way out and will not buy another one .
 I bought this coiled hose based on a recommendation from a RV buddy that uses these . Then I received this unit , I was surprised to see how short it looked . Then we went out on our first camping trip , the hose would not stretch enough to reach the faucet and the RV 's water inlet . Most campgrounds have all the Hook-ups towards the back of the RV . My RV has the water inlet towards the front , that 's what started the problem . I had to use a standard 25 ' RV hose that reached without any issues and had plenty of length available to move around . I am sure that a 50 ' coiled hose would have been enough to reach . From what I could see , the coiled hole could barely be extended to half it 's rated length . The hose and fittings were of the highest quality though.If you have your water inlet near the rear of the RV , I would recommend this 25 ' coiled hose . Otherwise I would not or you should save yourself the troubles and try the 50 ' version instead .
 I only got 3 uses in my 5th wheel before it broke . On my 4th use it had multiple pinhole leaks along what looks like the seam on the inside of the diameter . Too bad because it did coil nicely .
 The product worked well until the float filled with water through the seams . To inexpensive to send back , so I was able to separate the tank assembly and reglue properly . Works fine after my repair . Would not recommend . I used expoxy type glue which has held up for several weeks so far . Quality control needed by maker . Unit to an several hours to fill up with water . Very small leak .
 This greenhouse looks nice however the plastic strips that hold the windows in are difficult to secure properly and will pop-out when the wind blows or the sun heats them up so they curl-up and come out . We contacted the company and they sent more strips which I decided to `` glue '' into place with my caulking gun and some clear silicone . It was still difficult to get all the windows secure . We finally took the thing apart and returned it .
 The cute little plastic strips that you can `` just pop '' into place to hold the poly-carbonate panels to the greenhouse frame are a joke . About half of them pop in like they were suppose to and are holding the sides properly . The other half would not stay in at all . I would come home from work everyday to find another plastic strip laying in the yard and a panel flapping in the breeze . I resorted to duct tape to hold these panels in and that is working pretty well . Unfortunatly , it is n't very attractive .
 It is really not worth the amount of money it costs . A strong gust of wind will cause the panels to pop out . I hope it lasts throught the summer but we have some bets going !
 this was so hard to put together , took 2 men all day , In less than a year , panels are always coming apart , stripes fall out.the house is already weathered will not recommend to anyone
 I saw so many good reviews of this product , I figured , why not give it a try ? I 'm not sold . The whole process of putting this sticky fluid on little pieces of cardboard , then leaving them around your house ... it 's just a pain and it 's messy . The fluid reminds me of the liquid coffee sweetener you used to see in offices in the 1970s and 1980s . It 's just sticky and gross . To add insult to injury , the ants avoided the stuff like the plague . Seriously one night I watched ants walk toward the product , stop on their heels just short of the product and beeline in the other direction ! The ants actually wo n't go near it ! I 'm going back to the self-contained ant traps ... the ants at least seem to congregate more around and in those .
 After reading all the positive reviews on this product , I could not wait to savor the vision of ants swarming the bait.The only thing this product did was waste my time.When I checked the bait the next morning , there was just dirt in the bait . My Lousiana black and red ants were just moseying by , totally ignoring what I thought was their doom.Maybe our ants are genetically superior to those that this product was effective for .
 i read the reviews like others here . for the past 4 years i have owned the shop i 'm in i have had a suger ant problem . this year has been the worst ever . so i got some of the terro ant killer . they seam to becoming in from the out side of my shop thru a crack in the window frame . i sealed it and they found an other rute in . like others stated they love this crap the first two days they eat one hole bottle . then they stopped eating -LRB- drinking -RRB- it and would pass right by it . i thought the sent trail they were laying down was telling the other ants to by pass it . so i cleaned the area around it and moved the traps about 30 feet from were it was . still no good they will no longer drink it ! is i 'm writing this there are about 7 of them on my desk . tomarrow on my way in to the shop i will stop and get about 6 cans of ant spray and 2 gal 's of white vinegar .
 Does this ant trap work ? Sure . We watched the ants come , leave , embalm themselves . It seemed to work . Then ... . one afternoon I found my sock sticking to the floor . Quickly I discovered a Terro Liquid Ant trap that had been placed in a corner near a door had leaked it 's gooey contents all over the wood floor . It had permanently glued the shredder cord to the floor , and was nothing but a horrible mess.I tried wiping it up
 The only way this stuff works is if you drown them in it . I 've been using this stuff for weeks at a spot on my kitchen counter where I initially saw a few ants . I put Terro liquid on a piece of card stock and they almost immediately chowed down . The next morning the card was swarming with ants . That evening I had to resupply the little buggers with Terro since they 'd cleaned their plate.This process has continued for over two weeks and the ants just keep coming and their numbers seem to be getting worse.I 'm so done with Terro . Either that stuff is a total ruse or I 've got some kind of new genetically modified ant.Don ' t waste your time with this stuff . I 'm going out later today to get good old-fashioned Raid . It `` kills bugs dead . ''
 This product arrived in a timely manner , was fairly priced , and was complete . however , It did not do a very good job of killing tiny brown ants , and I 'm not very happy with it 's performance . I had to use a lot of the product to even slow the activity of the ants .
 After reading all the great reviews about this product here on Amazon , I thought for sure this product would take care of my ant problem . Nope . . the people that said that you are basically just feeding the ants are correct . The ants are really attracted to this bait ... but they eat and then just continue on their way . The liquid dries up and becomes hard very quickly also , once this happens , the ants wo n't touch it.Two weeks later , and with no visible results , I 've thrown in the towel = -LRB-
 The Terro we used to have worked great . This year , we have tried a new bottle of the 1-ounce liquid as well as the pre-filled bait traps , and they do n't work at all anymore.We have had ants in our kitchen since we moved in 5 years ago . They show up every summer , and the first summer in 2006 we got a bottle of Terro . We put some in a tiny plastic container and some on the wall as a `` trail '' into the container . It would draw dozens of ants in to eat it , and they would take it back to the mound and within 48 hours be completely gone . The Terro stayed liquid for a week before it got too stiff for ants to eat , ensuring the stragglers would be taken care of , too . It was absolutely amazing and we relied on Terro every summer.This year , the Terro had gone bad , but of course it was 5 years old so we figured we just needed a new bottle . We had trouble finding the bottle so we tried the pre-filled ant baits . Saw a few ants eating in the bait , but they mostly ignored it . The bait spilled onto the counter top and was murder to get up . It was sticky and it took a lot of spray cleanser to get it . Finally we got a new 1-ounce bottle and used it the same way we used it before -- this time , no ants were interested . We put some on the little cardboard square provided on the box and saw a few ants eat that , but within 2 hours the liquid was a hard gel and the ants just walked right past it . Very discouraging . I ca n't recommend Terro anymore . I do n't know what happened , but I guess the formula must have changed .
 I ca n't tell but it does not seem to kill them. , ... they swarm to eat it but they keep coming back !!
 Bought this because we have a severe ant problem and saw MANY MANY MANY 5 star reviews here for it . -LRB- Quite a few people with 5 star reviews claim to have had severe problems as well . -RRB- I placed several of these tabs with the recommended amount of liquid on it around my house for 2 weeks . I watched the ants come in droves after just a few hours and after over night -LRB- when ants are most active -RRB- . After a few days they sure did slow down and I only began to see a few of them . Then a few days later I noticed the ants coming back , but NOT for this - for the smallest of food particles elsewhere -LRB- nearby , but still elsewhere -RRB- . When I say `` smallest of food particles '' I 'm talking specs of things so small you almost could n't identify them with your eyes as a difference between food or a small dust speck . You can barely see the ant carrying the speck.They completely ignored the tabs & Terro as if they had figured out it was n't real food . They still came in droves , but left the terro -LRB- all 15 + tabs -RRB- untouched . What garbage ! Bought some Home Defense Max and sprayed the perimeter of my wall boards/floor - poof , they were gone immediately and have n't returned for over a month.Don ' t believe all the rave reviews here - just because a bunch of people rated something great does n't make it so .
 Based on the positive reviews , I purchased the Terro product to deal with the problem of sugar ants in the kitchen . Maybe I have some smart ants , or this product does n't come across as appealing to them , because they wo n't go near the liquid bait . Even when I herded some of the ants onto the baited area , they did n't touch it . I guess it 's back to the drawing board .
 After reading all the reviews , I decided to buy this to rid myself of the linger ant problem around our house . After the first day of setting out the traps , I saw quite a large number of ants come out to consume it . I followed the directions and made sure all the traps around the house were stocked with plenty of this liquid . However , the ants never seemed to go away even after a few weeks -LRB- if anything , they increased in numbers -RRB- so I stopped refilling the terro traps and began to inspect the house . Much to my dismay , I found underneath the surge protector behind my desk in the study , a huge slab of ants and larvae ! Words ca n't describe how shocked and disgusted I was at this 3 '' by 7 '' rectangle of ant larvae at least 2-3 cm thick . I suspect the `` borax '' in this liquid ant killer did nothing to kill these ants . The ants , instead , used the `` other ingredients '' in this mixture as food to feed and grow because I did not have that pile of ant larvae before I bought this item . If you , for some reason , cultivate ants , then these would make great ant feed for you to grow your ant dynasty . However , if you are like me and want to get rid of ants , then I suggest looking elsewhere .
 terro used to have arsenic in it which killed the ants completely . Now arsenic isnt allowed and the boric acid 's results are anemic .
 This Spring I got an invasion of small black ants in my pantry . Bought two bottles of this Terro liquid and put out 10 paper pads . That was over 3 months ago and the number of ants has not declined at all . Finished one entire bottle . They love this stuff . Put a pad down and they cover it immediately . They seem to be thriving on this product ! And , I 've got photos to prove it !
 My experience with this product started out promising , but the ants never went away completely . The first day I put out the bait squares they were swarmed with about 50 ants at any one time . The ants love this stuff . I continued to monitor the traps and replaced them every couple of days -LRB- even if the ants do n't completely consume the liquid it will start to dry up and become a sticky sludge -RRB- . The second day there were fewer , and the next two weeks saw a steady amount of trickle business on the baits -LRB- maybe a dozen at one time across all squares -RRB- , but it never dropped off completely , even after an exterminator sprayed the outside of the building . And they were still crawling across the kitchen floor grabbing food crumbs in addition to the Terro baits . The box said it can take up to 2 weeks to eliminate the ants completely , so I patiently waited.Then , at 2 weeks and a day , I woke up to see a swarm of ants as large as the first day . I was n't sure what had happened . A mass hatching of larvae ? Or perhaps another colony had stumbled upon the baits ? They looked to be the same species of ant -LRB- little black ones -RRB- . So I gave the exterminator a call and he gave me some professional grade traps -LRB- he did n't tell me what was in them or the brand -RRB- . It 's a solid bait , and they 're just as hungry for this stuff as they were for the Terro . I can see a line of them leaving the trap , each carrying a small pellet of food , so I know they 're bringing it back to the colony . Whereas with the Terro I could see them drinking but could n't tell if they were carrying any of the clear liquid back with them . So I 'm hoping these traps will work where the Terro failed.I 'm not really sure how the ants kept coming back with all the borax they were consuming and supposedly sharing with the colony . They say when the queen eats this stuff she dies and colony dies too . But maybe the queen has royal tasters ? Also , I noticed the ants would sometimes surround the liquid droplets with small pebbles and dust , and the other ants would stop feeding there . Perhaps to warn others that this food is tainted with poison ? Ants are highly organized , but are they smart ? Fun questions , but I just want them dead.Update 5/14
 I first tried this product a couple of days ago , which worked perfectly
 I 've been putting the liquid terro down for over a month now and no sign that the ants are dying . They just keep coming back for more . I put it down in the same place week after week with seemingly no effect what so ever . Maybe they forgot to put in the borax in the batch I bought ...
 I ordered the original Blublocker glasses - the aviator style that is pictured . Instead , I get a pair of biker glasses . I 'm rather angry .
 Then your eyes start getting really really tired and you get a headache and when you take them off ... BAM !! it 's Blue Spectrum Overload !!! Like going outside after living in a cave for a month ... They 're cool-looking but honestly they 're not suitable for driving , or any kind of outdoor activity , they end up hurting your eyes plus everything looks weird like an old 60s Movie and you get a headache for trying to get used to the radical change in color perception .
 I was recommended BluBlockers by an acroptologist when I had my eyes diluted for an eye exam . If you ever have that done , you ca n't focus your eyes , so basically you are blind . I was in New York City , not a fun place to be blind.BluBlockers are lousy , first of all , in style . They pinch your nose and look idiotic . They remind of the rubbish you buy in Swap meets that sell Chinese junk.BluBlockers are not good for the eyes either since they remind me of a weird `` spectrum '' color that made me dizzy . I do n't even think they block any UTA/UNC rays , so if you are in water or near a sandy beach , your eyes absorb dangerous light patterns.Take it from me , invest in some actual Ophthalmology favored sunglasses .
 We got this grill as a gift and were thrilled considering Weber is supposed to be the best . Within a few short months it quit lighting . The starter was very unreliable . We tried everything but eventually exchanged it for a new one . We figured since Weber is such a reliable brand , it must have just been a rare dud . However , a few months later and here we are again with a non-working grill . The starter lights the grill on occasion , but only about 20 % of the time no matter how many times you try it . You just have to hope it will light so you can cook your food . We 've had to resort to lighting it with a match , which needless to say , is a very dangerous task . We have checked over everything , put a new battery in the starter , looked over all the connections , but to no avail . We 're returning this grill again and are absolutely not buying the same one . I 've never been so disappointed with a product that was costly and supposed to be reliable . So we 've gone through not one , but TWO of these grills in the last year and a half . I would not recommend buying this item .
 A decent enough door mat but it wearing out on the very front edge -LRB- losing the blue coloration -RRB- after only a few months of actually use . . Probably would not purchase it again . .
 This might be OK if you can find really small eggs . Our large eggs almost all got broken just trying to snap the case shut !
 We got one at Walmart expecting it to save our eggs . When we got to the camp site , we discovered every egg smashed in . Evidently the cups only hold small eggs , not mediums ... Have n't tried it since ... hopefully our eggs will better match on the next trip .
 I thought this was a great thing to have for our camping trip and ordered it online and paid over $ 8.00 . I was later embarassed to find that I could have bought it at the local discount store for $ 1.88 ! I like the convenience of buying online , but I certainly would have made a trip to the store had I realized it was readily availble -LRB- in the camping section -RRB- . The product itself is fine and will serve it 's purpose to protect the eggs .
 I bought this product to battle aphids on my house plant . It sounds really great in description , but unfortunately my aphids could n't care less for it . I think they actually enjoyed it :-RRB- So I had to go back to the real pesticides .
 Did NOT work ! I sprayed directly on the bugs , and they jumped with delight . Especially the grasshoppers ; I practically drowned them , and they were still hopping around . Did n't smell bad , so it was n't offensive in the house . That was a plus ... but spend your money on another product .
 The cot is comfortable , light , easy to set up but it is so noisy that it will keep everybody awake . I took two of these cots for a weekend in a remote cabin . Two adults used the cots . Every time one of the cot users rolled over or moved , the cot made so much noise that it woke up people two rooms away -LRB- okay , the walls were thin too -RRB- . The fabric is wrapped around the metal tubes and makes a loud creaking noise as it rubs on the tube . The noise was so loud that we laughed about it all weekend but did not sleep on the cots after the first night .
 This was a horrible cot ... Yes as everyone has stated it makes A LOT of noise when you turn over . But by far the worst is the legs fold under if you are not on completley flat ground . We went camping this past weekend and the tent was on slightly slanted ground ... well about an hour into sleep I ended up on my head as I must have moved and and the legs folded ... It was horrible and It is going right back to the store . I expected more from Coleman !
 It is very hard to keep this thing in the right position . The legs keep wanting to fold in , especially if you are not on concrete-flat ground , and so every time you move in the night it collapses on you . I is not happy .
 I think the cot designer should have to sleep on this . If he/she did , it would never make it to market it as currently designed . Ditto the comments about it being noisy . Of all of the camp cots I have ever tried , none of talked like this one . And the voice is not pleasant . On top of that , the comfort for such cots is below average . It is cheap and light .
 Cots are made to rest on , and perhaps sleep.Not these cots . They are mini 4th of July shows , without all the traffic and the bright lights . Oh , do n't worry , the WOW factor is there . Everyone around you will be WOW 'd at how much noise can come out of a little tiny cot . Honestly , it sounds like you are rubbing huge balloons together , and that comes from every inch of the cot as you move . Stay as far away from these if you can . Sleeping on cold floor tiles are better than this.Coleman should be ashamed of themselves on this one .
 I placed the order , the wrong item arrived much smaller . I then called and they reordered the item for me ... the second time another wrong item arrived , finally they said there must be a wrong control number attached to this item , they said they were sorry but they could not fill my order because they could not figure out how to get me a Coleman Forester Cot -LRB- 30 `` X80 '' -RRB- that they have on the web site.Do you really want to order this item ?
 I 've had this for a couple of summers now , and the build quality is just plain BAD.The ring that shows which nozzle you 're on , moves around , so it 's nearly impossible to keep accurate.The nozzle ring gets loose and leaks with normal use . You can tighten it up , but should you NEED to?The trigger is the worse part . After a few hours of use , the main trigger is about useless , I now need to press in the locking trigger to get it to work at all , then you have to work it around to get it to release.I 'm done with it , replacing it this year .
 This nozzle is absolutely terrible , and having lived on this earth as long as I have -LRB- not that long to be honest -RRB- I 've never heard anyone utter those words , I 've actually never heard anyone complain about a nozzle . This is why it 's such a horrible device . I decided I would start washing my car at home , I bought this and a corresponding hose , they both arrive and I happily unbox , then assemble the nozzle . Which , although there are no instructions , after 3 minutes you should be able to figure it out . Then I screw the hose into the water outlet , then the nozzle onto the hose . I got the bucket ready , the soap in the bucket , and as I was ready to go I turned the water on and boom , the trigger on the nozzle exploded off , the springs went flying in some direction and the cheap plastic broke in two , so even if I located all the pieces , I ca n't put it together because the pieces broke in parts . Now I have it all slapsticked together and it sucks . It works as long as I have my hands over the trigger , but the second I take my hand off , it falls apart , and I have to put what pieces are left back together in order to use it again .
 This product is junk plain and simple . I have had it for less than a year and it is garbage . With in the first couple uses the lock and the switch for different spray positions would n't work . I have to manually switch it to the position I want . I needed the locking position due to my arthritis and it just wo n't lock into place . I just now noticed that the screw in the center of the nozzle is rusting away . What a waste . I recommend paying more money for a quality sprayer as I will now end up doing .
 A decent enough door mat but it wearing out on the very front edge -LRB- losing the blue coloration -RRB- after only a few months of actually use . . Probably would not purchase it again . .
 Bought three of these and two have had the lock button fall out never to be seen again . The wand still works but you ca n't lock the water on.I think it is just poor material selection as the buttons are plastic and the lock button is held in place with little plastic projections . Both broke within two weeks of use .
 When I recieved the wand and began using it , I would have given it 5 stars . Unlike many I 've seen , this wand has a flood setting in addition to other spray patterns which works well for my extremely thirsty potted water-plants . After a month or two , the trigger became increasingly difficult to depress , ultimately not working at all . I ca n't imagine what I could have done to the thing to cause it to cease working since it just sat on the back deck with the plants . Poor craftsmanship ? Do n't buy one .
 This hose has low pressure , it does not recoil on its own , and it tangles horribly . I regret buying it and will soon throw it away . Do n't waste your money on this product .
 This hose has very low volume and tangles horribly . I 'm sending mine back .
 I returned these pruners because they were not very sharp . The seller was very nice and accomodating . However , the second pair was not any better.These pruners seem chintzy and I do not recommend them .
 I ordered two of these flashlights for camping ... they were both cracked when they arrived on my doorstep . . in their `` made in china '' box ... returned them ... received two more ... same condition ... would not recommend ... plastic is very thin it seems ... china 's finest .
 I bought this for my annual camping trip and was very excited when I received it . It was nice and large , and the folding handle was a cool feature ... made for easy packing . But my excitement wore off the very first time I used it . I lit up the camping stove and started cooking some scrambled eggs . It seemed fine at first , but as it heated up the middle became extremely hot and there did n't seem to be good heat distribution . I stirred the eggs using a soft silicon spatula -LRB- no metal at all -RRB- , but the non-stick surface in the middle still started chipping off . So after just one quick use , the inside of the pan was already missing some coating and the bottom was also heavily scratched from sitting on the stove . I 'm be throwing this pan away and looking for something else for next year 's trip .
 See title . The folding handle is nice , the size is convenient , and the extra handle is a good feature , but all the extras in the world do n't make a pan advertised as non-stick fulfill its most basic function . It 's also too thin to spread heat properly - the middle gets hot much faster than the rest , and if you 're cooking something you ca n't stir -LRB- like fried eggs -RRB- , food in the center burns -LRB- and sticks -RRB- while the edges stay raw . I 'm very disappointed and will have to replace this skillet soon , which is sad and needlessly expensive .
 Great concept ; I love the folding handle.BUT , the non-stick coating bubbled and peeled after just 3 uses . I had to throw this pan away after some of the non-stick coating was `` missing '' after I cooked eggs in it . Guess we ate the missing coating ?!? Hope it is not toxic .
 I used it , about 10 times , just to fry eggs or sautee vegetables . But , I tried to fry pork chops in this , and the heat and the oil and the porkchop was too much for this cheap pan . The non-stick coating melted off onto the food , and so now there are areas on the pan that have chunks of coating missing.I threw it away .
 while thin is lightweight - its too thin to cook w / -- it warps -LRB- i have a round bottom pan now ... -RRB- ... and the non-stick does n't last -- its impossible to cook anything now in this pan - even with copious amounts of butter etc everything sticks ... . i have had mine for a few year - but it was toast after the 2nd use . not worth your money ... especially if you cook over a flame or fire .
 Like a couple other reviewers have noted , this tool is worthless . I purchased it a couple years ago - then it sat in the garage for a year . When I did get it out , it would work sporadically and either push out 2 seeds at once or would not let any out for several feet.Also when trying to use it in soft soil , the soil was not able to react to the friction in the wheel and therefore the wheel would not turn.We will probably be throwing this piece of junk out . Too bad I wasted $ 25 -LRB- plus the cost of the handle and shipping -RRB- on this .
 This product is worthless ... does not work as advertised ! I would not recommend this product to anyone ! Wolf Garten makes a cheaper model EAM that works much better than this thing !
 This product did not work at all for me . I tried to plant peas and beans with it . The seed kept sticking in the wheel and when it did come out , would come out sporadically and sometimes two at a time . I tried the various wheels to see if one would work better than the other , but had the same result . I was really looking forward to the work this little gadget would save , but it just caused frustration . I would not recommend this for anyone !
 A decent enough door mat but it wearing out on the very front edge -LRB- losing the blue coloration -RRB- after only a few months of actually use . . Probably would not purchase it again . .
 This pan is a fine example of JUNK.I tried to cook an egg on the one we had . That was the end of the pan . Even with a bit of oil the egg never came off the pan.A big disappointment coming from Coleman .
 Same experience as above - food burned in it and could not be removed . The so-called non-stick coating is anything but . The pan is very light and does not disperse heat very well which granted one expects from a light weight aluminum pan . Folding handle is a very nice touch . In all - Great design , lousy execution .
 I wish I could give it zero stars . We used it once and it is destroyed ! Someone said disposable and I agree ! It is dangerous to ingest non-stick coating . Do n't buy this pan !!!!!
 Used this pan on 2 or 3 camping trips and it 's completely worthless after just a half-dozen meals . I know it 's cheap but it should last longer than it did . Everything sticks to it and the resultant residue is practically impossible to remove .
 I had high hopes for this little pan but maybe price should have been the clue . Light weight and easy to pack . The attached folding handle worked well and was sturdy enough . To protect the surface I packed mine with an MSR pack Towel.Out of the gate the pan worked well and was non-stick . But after a very short period began to loose it 's non stick properties . I was very careful about not over heating it and cleaning it properly but after one season this pan was done .
 This pan was n't `` non-stick '' . The food -LRB- sausage -RRB- stuck to it at medium heat and left a burnt black residue that would n't come off . The residue caused the food to taste terrible . This pan is now being stored in a landfill . Do n't waste your money !!!
 This is my first review at Amazon . I was hoping my first review would be not only positive , but for something I actually purchased through Amazon . Sadly , neither is the case.I got a knee-jerk reaction when I saw that this product is still being sold . I purchased this item years ago from a brick and mortar store . I thought the design and build quality was great ! That all ended during the first use.My experience parallels all the other negative reviews here . However , not having read those reviews until now , I thought that I had been using the wrong stove , wrong choices in things to cook , wrong heat settings , and wrong oil -LRB- did n't depend on the non-stick factor from the beginning -RRB- . In short , I blamed myself for the pan 's total failure to either cook OR clean up . After all , being steel and thicker , it should be superior to typical aluminum equivalents . Plus , it does say ` Coleman ' , and I have been a user and an advocate of Coleman products since the 60 's . After trying various oils , different stoves , different heat settings and food products , and even being careful to not be distracted while cooking , I 'm finally convinced that it was n't my fault all along.My last effort was going to be an attempt to use it as a small wok , since 1 -RRB- it approximates the shape so closely except for the flat bottom , 2 -RRB- that 's the one style of cooking I have n't tried . Even thought of using some sort of stand such as sometimes used for wok cooking . After seeing these other reviews , I 'm just going to fight my tendency to horde , be eco-friendly and/or `` green '' and follow the masses by adding to the land fill.It 's back to cast iron for me .
 We see this pan on Amazon while we 're searching for a replacement frying pan . We bought this identical pan for a camping trip this weekend and all the negatives mentioned by others are sadly accurate . The food stuck , the eggs were burned and had an odd taste , the `` coating '' came off , the pan discolored and could NOT be scrubbed clean . We left it in the campground dumpster . We expected so much more from Coleman . Their lantern we bought was terrific . I hate to quote others , but `` absolute crap '' sure does sum up this frying pan . Look elsewhere ... as we unfortunately are having to now .
 The non-stick plastic came off with my first sausage patty . I now have an alluminum stick pan . Do not buy it if you really want the non-stick abilities .
 A decent enough door mat but it wearing out on the very front edge -LRB- losing the blue coloration -RRB- after only a few months of actually use . . Probably would not purchase it again . .
 A decent enough door mat but it wearing out on the very front edge -LRB- losing the blue coloration -RRB- after only a few months of actually use . . Probably would not purchase it again . .
 This replacement string is ok for light use , but it wears way to easily when used around driveways , walkways , and chainlink fence.I use it alot because of the cheap price .
 The title and the item details clearly states you will get 12 - 3 count units . Original list price was $ 84.99 -- marked down to $ 6.49 -- 92 % savings . Amazing ? -- yes -- Unbelievable ? -- well , apparently so.I placed my order anyway thinking that Amazon does sometimes have some unbelievable closeouts . I was even charged over $ 28.00 in shipping -LRB- which reassured me even more . So imagine my disappointment when I received my little 3 pound package.The customer service -LRB- or should I say lack-of-service -RRB- from Home & Beyond -LRB- seller of product -RRB- was not even pleasant and told me that it was Amazon 's typo on their website and that if I wanted to I could send it back . -LRB- Send it back ???? I already paid $ 28.00 in shipping for a 3 pound box !!! -RRB- This is the worst cust service experience I have ever had.I have emailed Amazon about it , but have not yet received a response.I am sorry that I did n't read the reviews before ordering , because clearly this has been an issue since 2005 . I wonder if they will ever correct the webpage .
 The Lantern is a great item . This review is not for the item itself . It 's for this Amazon listing . If you order this , you 'll receive one 3 count refill , not 12 as is stated in this listing . For one , the price is average at best . I spent over $ 32 -LRB- including shipping -RRB- for 3 boxes of 3 refills , not 36 boxes as this advertises . Do n't do it ! Amazon needs to correct this listing .
 We ordered this product expecting to receive 12-3 Packs for a total of 36 refils . We were only shipped 1-3 Pack . While the invoice showed 12-3 Packs the Packing Slip that was in the shipping box had a quantity of 1 which is what the person pulling the order packed.I contacted Amazon customer service who immediatly offered to allow us to return the item for a full refund . Instead I opted for a replacement , thinking that the problem of the mis-printed packing slip had been resolved.WRONG ! Once again the invoiceed quantity of 12-3 Packs was printed as 1 on the packing slip . This time I opted for the refund as the Customer Service Rep could not assure me that the problem had been fixed . All I got were the standard `` read-it-off-the-screen '' responces to my questions.Amazon needs to correct the quanitity and description fields on the packing slip for this item so that the person pulling the order will know what is to be packed . It seems like a simple thing - I wonder if it has been fixed yet ? I am not willing to test the system again - are you ?
 the product its self is great ... however the ad is very misleading ... it is not 83 % off the price ... they say 3 units which is only one box . one box sells for 6.99 regularly ... which is not a discount especially not 83 % off . these items will be returned and i really need them , but not for 11.10 per box !
 I brought the 12-3 count of Off lamp and lantern product that was advertise for 5.87 thought it was a great deal . So I order thinking I was going to recieve 72 boxes to my suprise I got 6 boxes instead . And try calling the company Polsteins Home & Beyond which claims it has been a typing error . Yeah right since 2005 I do not think so . So I called Amazon today and they are going to take it to the next level and correct it . But since I see this problem since 2005 it will not be corrected either .
 I PURCHASED ONE OF YOUR OFF ! PowerPad Lamp AND A BOX OF OFF ! PowerPadLamp Refills THROUGH AMAZON AND I MUST SAY , WHILE THE OFF ! PowerPad Lamp ISDECORATIVE , IT DOES NOTHING TO REPEL MOSQUITOES . AT LEAST NOT THE ONES HERE INTEXAS!MY INTENT WAS TO LIGHT ONE OFF ! PowerPad Lamps PRIOR TO GRILLING ONMY PATIO . I WAS BEING EATEN ALIVE BY MOSQUITOES EVEN WHILE WEARING AN OFF!Clip - On -LRB- tm -RRB- Mosquito Repellent . WHEN THIS DID N'T WORK I PUT ON OFF ! FamilyCareInsect Repellent I -LRB- Smooth & Dry -RRB- AND LEFT THE OFF ! Clip-On -LRB- tm -RRB- ON . STILL , I WASAMBUSHED BY MOSQUITOES !!! FINALLY , UNDETERRED , I DECIDED TO TRY TO LIGHT THE OFF!PowerPad Lamp AS A LAST DITCH EFFORT TO FINISH GRILLING ON MY APARTMENT PATIO.WHILE I WAS TRYING TO LIGHT THE OFF ! PowerPad Lamp I WAS STILL UNDER ARIALASSAULT BY THE Anopheles stephensi ! ONCE LIT , I RETREATED INSIDE HOPING THELANTERN WOULD DISPERSE THE ARIAL INVADERS . WHILE INSIDE , I NOTICED THE OFF!PowerPad Lamp WAS SMOKING QUITE PROFUSELY . I WENT OUTSIDE AND TO MY UTTERDISMAY , THERE WERE MOSQUITOES HOOVERING AROUND AND ON THE OFF ! PowerPadLamp ITSELF !!! I TOOK VIDEO AND PHOTOS OF THE ENTIRE TO INCIDENT TO SEND TO MY LOCAL HOUSTONCHANEL 11 NEWSFIX AGENT SO HE COULD BLAST YOUR OFF ! PRODUCTS , IN AN EFFORT TOSAVE OTHERS FROM WASTING THEIR HARD EARNED DOLLERS ON THESE USELESS PRODUCTS !!! I HIGHLY SUGGEST YOU REFORMULATE WHATEVER IT IS THAT YOU ARE CURRENTLY USINGBECAUSE IT OBVIOULY DOES NOT Work IN ANY FORM !!!
 When I bought this item I thought I was getting the entire thing ... lamp plus refills . I read the description several times and seriously thought that was what I was getting . Not so . Just the refills to a lamp that I have no intention of purchasing separately .
 After spending so much money for these OFF ! Lamp/Lanter Refills , I found them ant Home Depot for much less . This is a true ripoff .
 A decent enough door mat but it wearing out on the very front edge -LRB- losing the blue coloration -RRB- after only a few months of actually use . . Probably would not purchase it again . .
 My lantern worked twice , and has n't since . Too much hassle returning and waiting , so I will limit my online shopping . Do not buy this item.Larry Sutton
 This seems like a great idea , especially for cooking after dark at camp . Unfortunetly , the light is n't that bright for night time use out of doors , and everytime I wanted to use it , I needed to pop the batteries out and back in again.I would n't buy this product again .
 If you are planning on using this with a Road Trip Grill one word . DO N'T ! It will not work with the Road Trip grills so save your money and get something else .
 About average for the price , nothing particularly illuminating about this flashlight . The wide beam is fairly faint , with a strong central spot . This one will go out into the garage , and likely stay there .
 I 've owned this flashlight for a while , using it mostly for camping trips . It 's NOT worth any price -- even free . The beam is short , NOT VERY wide , and very dim . Like previous reviewers noted , it burns through batteries quickly ... which is disappointing considering you get horrible illumination for all the price of D-cells . A cheap $ 2 flashlight from the discount store would do better .
 This is a sleek looking flashlight -LRB- mine is all black -RRB- , comfortable to hold , though a little heavy considering the size . Its not at all compact , meaning one you can carry and shine with your fingers . This advertises a wide beam , and it delivers on that . Unfortunately , the projection is short and the wide beam is dull to the point of it being fairly useless . Further , because of the shape of the end , you can not stand this flashlight on end , meaning it takes up more space.To add insult to injury , the flashlight wore through it batteries very quickly and now the end cap is somehow fused on so that I can not remove it to replace the batteries .
 By the time the broad beam reaches the ground the light is so diffused as to render it useless . Walking on a dark road or sidewalk with this flashlight is similar to driving too fast on a dark country road without using the high beams . You out drive your headlights . In the case of the flashlight , you simply out walk the light . The light is weak and fuzzy at the edges with no distance projection at all.Without any doubt this is the worst flashlight I 've ever owned . The attempt at cutting edge cuts out the user 's ability to see anything . And into the trash it goes .
 the actual image on the banner is not the same as the one shown on the site . . super poor quality . theres got to be quality control in relation towhat a seller purports to be selling
 This flag had great reviews and a fictional suggested retail price of $ 38.50 . The seams are not sewn straight and broken in many places . There is a pleat in the blue background seam and the heavy duty polyester heading is non-existant . The header is just doubled white nylon and the colored material shows through . It is not even trimmed evenly before the white header is sewn on . I doubt I will be able to use it on my flagpole . The $ 10 it cost , half of which was shipping , is more than what I would pay for a better made cheap flag in the supermarket . I see no country of origin on the cello pack or the flag . I definately do not recommend this product !
 I was not impressed at all ! The flag arrived tightly folded in plastic and the fold marks would not relax and were plainly evident even after subjected to 5 months of outdoor use . This flag was much louder than others I have owned I assume due to the material . I will be replacing soon as it has become very faded and is starting to tatter after only 5 months of use -LRB- my last flag was almost two years old before it was in this state -RRB- .
 This flag is crap . I feel very ripped of . The photos show embroidered stars . This is a poorly printed plastic flag . It 's a joke .
 After my first flag that came with my pole faded over 1 year of daily use I bought this one . Now today I noticed it has holes about 4 inches long and it too is faded . The holes are along the lines of where it was folded at the factory . It has flown daily for 6 months but taken down during storms . I will look else where for my next flag .
 This product was not as described . The pictures and weight were not accurate . This flag was not a heavy duty flag for outdoor use , like the Valley Forge flags . Will say , seller did refund money when asked to do so , that was the only good thing .
 It has been up for 2 weeks - we do take it down when it is really windy . One end of it is beginning to fray and I have had to resew it . Very thin fabric . Wo n't buy it again . Okay for what we paid for it , but does n't last .
 The flag is made out of nice material but the stitching was out in a lot of places and I ended up resewing it so it would n't fall apart .
 This flag is cheap and not made in America and I highly recommend you but a local flag instead it would be of much better quality and made in America
 This is a cheap , very thin Chinese made flag . It 's so thin it weighs next to nothing . The so-called brass grommets are actually tinted aluminum . You pay for what you get . This junk gets burned at the American Legion Post . The seller states American made . The thin bag it came in has Chinese type on it . No way the shipping weight is 2 lbs , more like 12 oz . Nowhere does it say Made in USA .
 The product description said in two places that `` This flag has sewn stripes and embroidered stars '' and `` Sewn stripes & embroidered stars '' but the flag that was delivered to me was a cheap printed version . I was specifically looking for a sewn flag and this one failed to deliver as advertised .
 SENT email to Seller -LRB- SevenBro.com -RRB- the Day I received Flag , -LRB- 12-28-11 -RRB- 3 wks latter no response . . - Received flag from SevenBrothersmercantile today , flag is damaged , has several material flaws with a 1/2 hole . The flag appears to to a defective flag repackaged . Have purchase several other flags from amazon in the past and they all came double wrapped -LRB- once in a clear sealed wrap and another in a sealed envelope . This flag was not prepackaged in any thing but folded and shipped in a 6 X 9 brown envelope . I do not think the Fag I received was a new Flag . Please send me a new flag or refund my money . Thanks Robert L Greene - email was sent to amazon & seller - have not heard anything from Amazon or seller -LRB- 1-18-12 -RRB- Note - amazon does notlist a human contact you can talk to . Returns easy ? Dont think so !
 I have flown this flag 24/7 since mid-April 2012 . It is tattered and the nylon has shredded on the free end . I would not recommend this flag . My next door neighbor 's flag has been flying about the same time and it is fine - no tatters or shreds -LRB- do n't have details on where they purchased the flag , but only point this out that both flags have been subjected to the same weather and wind conditions for about the same amount of time -RRB- .
 the add is for a 3 ' X 5 ' NYLON
 The flag was sent right away , good service . When I set the flagon my deck . The first week it started to fray and come unsewened.You talk about CHEAP ! O'yes guess where it was made ?
 I had been using Ames ' grain scoop , but it was heavy , so ordered this . The lightweight poly made be easier to lift with a scoop full of heavy snow , but you spend more time and effort as the center of this scoop does NOT lie flat . It humps up a little so that your cleaning swath has a 3-5 inch `` missed '' area in the middle . And you ca n't leave that missed part because it 's just enough that it makes a strip of ice if you do . I went back to the grain shovel .
 I ordered this snow shovel on 2/15/2010 . As of 3/21/2010 , I have yet to receive it . I doubt I will order anything from Amazon again .
 I would say this cot literally let me down ! I just returned from a family camping trip and the very first time using it , I layed down on it , and the cot very gently folded itself back up . The non rust tubing is n't very structuraly sound and doubled up . I had tried the standard cot from Coleman but it did n't work for me -LRB- I 'm 6 ' 1 '' and 215 lbs -RRB- . Well the big boy cot ai n't getting it done either . If you want some good humor for your wife and kids purchase this baby and take it along , it will make for a great story . Otherwise , I would n't have another one , it 's just cheap !
 In the beginning this guest bed was doing pretty well . My older mom would sleep on it for days without any complaints . However , after about a month the frame simply broke.It is no use without the frame , because the mat is very thin . If you want something that will last , better pick a more expensive one .
 The construction is terrible . My brother visited for thanksgiving . I found him sleeping on the floor the next morning on just the pad . The frame bent on the cot the very first night .
 I bought this as I went through a backpacking phase and spent a lot of time perfecting alcohol stoves . I got this at walmart for about $ 11 , which seemed like a deal . The problem is they do n't stand up to any kind of use . The plastic lid on the pan lid would get soft enough every time I used it to cover boiling water that it would deform to the touch . Everything bent . If you put food in a pan , it would bend . If you set a pot of water boiling on an alcohol stove , the outer edges will lower and bend down . After a couple uses the lid did n't fit anything , and I did n't trust anything to hold food without causing an accident .
 Bought this for my son for boyscouts . Opened the package and could tell immediately that it was junk . Made of very thin and flimsy aliminum -LRB- made in china of course -RRB- . Can put dents in it with your fingers . This mess wont even last a summer . I cant belive Coleman but their name on this . I am returning it .
 I had a boy scout mess kit back in the 70 's and it was made in USA , strong enough to hold up to the task it was designed for . This Coleman mess kit is a $ 10 toy not to be used for real . OK , thats kinda harsh , but Im telling it like it is . This trully is way underbuilt -LRB- way to thin -RRB- . When I ordered it I was hoping it was a great `` value '' , was I wrong !! If it seams to good to be true , it probably is . They will be sent back -LRB- sorry Coleman , sorry China -RRB- .
 You 'd be better off making a pan from tin foil - which might actually be thicker.When I removed this kit from the box , it was already bent . All it took was a little hand pressure to bend it even more . It 's been a long time since I 've been this disappointed in a product .
 There is n't much to say about this set . Its super light . It does n't heat evenly , its flimsy , the lid does n't sit well , the bowl is odd shape , and the cup handle is not ergonomic at all . The one time I cooked it in there was the slightly aluminum taste in the food . It just does n't really work . Your hard earned cash is better spent on a nice cast iron frying pan , and if needed larger pot for boiling water for your camping needs .
 The material is extremely thin , wrinkled and scratches easily , makes it very light but easily damaged and the size is a bit small . Not recommended .
 Coleman products are almost always great , but this is not one of them . Made out of cheap aluminum , it is not sturdy and has no non-stick treatment , so cleaning is a pain . It basically can be used for one person for cooking a meal , but at a little more than a pound , it 's not worth it . I would n't even buy it as a beginner set for the new camper . I recommend the `` Open Country Sierra 5-Piece Nonstick Backpacker Cooking Set '' . It is treated with a non-stick coating on all sides and is lightweight . You really do n't need more than two pots for cooking a meal for one to four people . Always remember - you get what you pay for .
 Quite simply , this kit is rubbish . And dangerous too.It is so crude and flimsy that you will have an ordeal trying to boil a cup of water for tea , let alone cook anything , and will quite likely burn yourself in the process.Say you try to boil a cup of water . You use the included tiny , tiny pot with handle . First of all , the handle hangs down at just the right angle to get red hot in the stove 's flame . Next , when you lift the pot -LRB- using tongs ... the red hot handle will burn through gloves -RRB- , it tips right over and dumps the boiling water everywhere . It just hangs freely from that wire handle and since it 's so crudely made , is unbalanced and tips its contents out as soon as its lifted.After you 've burned yourself and lost all your boiled water , you might try to cook something in the frying pan . First you try to assemble the handle , with the screw and wingnut . . problem is that the metal of the handle and mounting tab is so thin that you ca n't even tighten the bolt fully , so the pan flops about from side to side . Good luck tipping anything out of the pan without a mess . Next , if you put anything in the pan that weighs more than an ounce or two , the handle simply bends . Even a 1/2 '' of water is enough to bend the handle.The whole kit is absolute rubbish . Oh , and the handle of the mug gets too hot to handle if you succeed in sloshing any hot water into it.Don ' t waste your time or money .
 well , it is lightweight and easy to use but the aluminum is cheap , bends easily , takes on soot badly ... i gues it would be nice for a child but it isnt for serious camping .
 Put it in my backpack on top of everything else , when i opened it , the thing was bent all to hell .
 This is much smaller than it looks , and as soon as I tried to cook on the frying pan , it folded up in the middle . The pot is too small for pack of Ramen .
 While the Amazon price is great , this lightweight aluminum mess kit is just not good enough for heavy camping use . We also bought the more expensiveTexsport Stainless Steel Mess Kitand are much happier with that kit.Here are my observations on this disappointing Coleman Kit : Pros - + Folds up nicely for easy transporting + Mug is actually kinda niceCons -- Frying Pan handle is secured in place with a `` wingnut '' and is so thin that it bends with any weight in the pan - Pot Lid is flimsy and poorly fittingNot Recommended!CFH
 I just melted mine on a wood-burning fire . If you plan to use your mess kit on a campfire , look elsewhere .
 This little kit looks good and the price is right , but the quality leaves a lot to be desired . You might be better off carrying a roll of heavy duty aluminum foil ! It is light weight , which is good , but I want something in my backpack I 'm not afraid to bang around . Spend a few extra dollars and get something with more quality .
 Flimsy like a coke can . Bends in your pack . To small to cook the 2 cups of water required for most freeze-dried nasty dinners . Seven bucks down the drain , what was I thinking ? I bet it would melt on a higher BTU stove , or with 3 matches lit at the same time . I will recycle this kit when I return my coke cans .
 I guess if you need to cook 4 different things at the same time this might be worth it . But I 'll never need that . The metal is so thin it practically bends when you touch it ; now , that does mean that it 's very light , so it 's not all bad . It does fold up pretty small too . But the `` cup '' is about the right size for an espresso . So I 'm not going to use this , I 'm going to get a `` Stanley Adventure Camp Cook Set '' instead . It 's a metal cup , with folding handle , lid , and comes with two plastic cups that fit inside . You can also fit a gas canister and stove if you remove one or both of the cups . This Coleman set does have a pot with a lid , so when I decided to get a cup I searched for a cup with a lid . I only found two , strangely . Most metal cups have no lid , which is very inefficient in that it wastes fuel .
 I was hoping to get a bit more durable product but after only one use these all fell apart and had to toss them out .
 Not the same quality of some years ago , not wort even the cheap price , better save some more and get a better quality product . Ok for like kids playing camping in the back yard , and maybe .
 To say it simply the metal is too thin for actual flame use . The metal will bend and you will either burn yourself catching it or spill your rations . I can not see any other use for this except as a pet food bowls . Do not buy .
 Mal producto , inutil para cualquier cosa , no sirve ni para juguete de ninios , no lo devolvi porque no valia la pena es dinero tirado .
 I did n't expect a thick titanium camp cooking set from this $ 8 deal , but it has to be usable at least . The handle is made with extra-thin metal with barely support itself when filled with water , the connection screw was also a disaster . The other pans and sets are just too small to cook -LRB- the cup can barely hold One-Shot Espresso coffee -RRB- . I was shocked by a product with such quality , but the price was there so I give it 2-star .
 I just received this yesterday and I was happy at first . I opened the box , pulled everything out , which was lighter and thinner than what I remembered it used to be . I saw at the bottom that it had a sticker , `` Made in China '' . Now , I do n't mind things being made from there . That was n't the issue , the issue started when I looked at the box again , I just happened to look at the bottom of the box when I saw a warning notice ! It said , that under California law , Chemicals used in this product can cause cancer and other reproduction issues . I 'll edit this when I get back and even post a picture of this , but I feel that putting a warning label , at the bottom of the box is WRONG , I also think its WRONG for Amazon to not post warning information about items on the site . Had I had known the warning label , I would n't have brought this ! Coleman is n't the company it used to be . . it seems it buys cheap , hazardous products from other countries and sell them elsewhere for a high profit at the risk of our family lives . As a scout , and a gulfwar vet , I 'd recommend going elsewhere !
 These are perfect for camping if you are 4 years old and camping in your backyard . They are so tiny , you can not cook anything in them . If you tried they would probably disintegrate ... Worthless .
 Someone is pretty crafty to form this all outta aluminum foil ! I figured it would be a little betterQuality but guess it sometimes do n't pay to be cheap . Buy the stainless steel ! I wasted my money do n't do the same !
 I bought this product a local gun/outdoor store . It was only $ 4 and I thought it would be decent to cook a few meals.They are cheaply made and bend/dent easy.Once you burn something , the thing is trash.I suppose you can use it for an emergency in your car .
 I found this mess kit very obsolete to other mess kits I 've had in the past . I mean , I did n't expect much for the price , but you would be much better off spending 10 more dollars on a mess kit that really works . This kit MAY work for the young Boy Scout who will only use it once or twice , however the hardcore camper will be very dissipointed.Pros - lightweight , cheap , kids will accept itCons - pot too small , cup too small , too lightweight -LRB- it 'll melt -RRB- , very flimsy , scraches far to easly , pot will flip over on itself if you try to pour liquid from it , handle will bend from weight of food when connected to the frying panI highly reccomend spending a little more money on a real mess kit than saving a few bucks getting this one . It does n't work in the real world .
 This looked like a good buy for a camp mess kit . Unfortunately , it is hard to open and close because the handle that holds every thing in , is held by a screw . I found it hard to open and I overloosened the screw which then dropped out of the handle and I could not find it . The kit was hard to put back together anyway as the pot handle did n't fold right . Not a good buy . I recommend that if one purchases a mess kit , that they get one which the handle folds rather than screws together . The handle makes it easy to use and a folding handle is easy to open and there are no parts that can be lost .
 Despite being very light weight , this is not worth the money . The handle for the pan gets very hot , and is n't strong enough . The pot , when filled with water and lifted from the handle , will tilt over sideways and spill water everywhere.I did not expect much when I bought it , but I had hoped it would at least be functional .
 I was a boy scout in my young days and had a similar mess kit for camping . This one does n't even come close to the quality of the old stuff . It 's thin , cheap , worthless crap and I 'm being kind in my review of this item . The warning label on the box says '' Made In China . Contains chemicals that may cause birth defects or damage reproductive organs . '' Do n't waste your money on this mess kit .
 I bought these because I needed some cheap aluminum cookingware . I thought Coleman made pretty good stuff but this stuff is a joke . The aluminum handle on the frying pan is held with a single wing nut . If you do not tighten it enough , the pan will turn and spill . The rivets that hold the pan on are way too weak , I feel the whole handle assembly sag with no weight on it ! The rest of the kit is just as poorly made , I would not trust it backpacking or even on a camping trip . I could n't recommend this in either of those situations .
 I originally gave this a decent rating but I 've changed my mind , this thing is so cheap and crappy I would n't recommend it unless you 're only going for one day camping and that 's it . It was cool that it all folded into one , nice that you get a cup and a pot with a lid but this thing is so flimsy it eventually would n't hold itself together . If this thing were made of better quality I would buy it in a heart beat . But this thing is so cheap , you get what you paid for .
 Tiny little thing , not worth it . Thought it would be a little bigger but nope it fits in a 6 '' x 8 '' box . I will keep it in case I go camping by myself but otherwise it will sit and collect dust .
 I bought this assuming it would be of similar quality and weight to older -LRB- 50 's -RRB- Scout set I have . I was disappointed . It is light and flimsy in comparison and I will not use .
 UPDATE
 Never cook with or eat out of aluminum pots & pans ! Google Aluminum poisoning or Aluminum toxicity and you will see why . It will make you sick and stupid and maybe sick of being stupid too ! People who make aluminum food pots or put aluminum in their edible products should be shot.Stainless is much better ! It is more expensive and heavier but it wo n't poison you ! Some choices have severe unintended concequences !
 I found it `` Educational '' . I now know Coleman moved to China -LRB- even though I suspected as much -RRB- . I will NEVER KNOWINGLY buy anything made in China or any other COMMUNIST Nation . I would never use this product for cooking or eating however I DID find other `` uses '' for this stuff . As for Coleman Products ? Never again .
 My local WalMart sells these for $ 9 - about the same as Amazon - and I own three of them . After using the military-issue mess kits , I wanted some more for camping . This is what I ended up getting . I 'm disappointed . I 'll talk about this kit piece-by-piece . In general , the aluminum is pretty thin for a mess kit . Even when being very careful , I can only get five or six uses out of a piece before it gets too weak to be useful . The metal bends , melts , and gets holes in it with normal use . It 's just not made to withstand heat . Yes , it all nests together , provided you put it back together the same way it came out of the box . I 've found that I have to bend the plate -LRB- which is more like a bowl -RRB- somewhat to get it all back together . Unacceptable.-Eight-ounce cup . Yeah , it 's an aluminum cup with a handle . It holds eight ounces . The handle comes off without much use , which of course it 's not supposed to . If you 're thinking about boiling water in this ... do n't . This will work fine as a cup for cooled liquids.-Six-inch deep dish plate . It 's not six inches deep . It 's 6 inches in diameter , and about 1-1/2 '' deep . It 's more like a shallow bowl . Good for using as a plate or shallow bowl . The corners seem to be weak in mine , but the bottom always burns through first . It 's better than using a sheet of aluminum foil , but not by much.-7 .5 inch frying pan . This is the same as the plate , just a tiny bit larger , but with a handle secured to it with a wingnut . Tighten the wingnut to lock the handle into place , either open for frying pan use , or closed to keep the kit together . The handle is very weak , and can barely support the weight of the pan with food in it . Again , it falls apart with normal use.-16-ounce pot with lid . The pot and lid count as two pieces in this five-piece set . It 's a weak pot with a weak hanging wire . You can boil some water in it , sure , but it 's not well-suited for cooking food . The lid is crappy and thin , and the small nub on the top -LRB- it 's supposed to be a knob -RRB- is just a piece of plastic that 's lazily screwed into the lid . Between the screw and the underside of the lid is , well glue . Something to drip into your boiling water when it heats up.Overall , this is a very cheap set . Not inexpensive at nine dollars , but cheap . It 's flimsy , and at times , dangerous . There 's no way you 're going to make a meal , even for one person , with this thing without spilling stuff . Better than aluminum foil , sure , but not by much . Also , make sure you stick some plastic silverware in this . You 'll have to snap off the butt end of everything so it fits , but you 'll have it .
 this kit is a joke its so thin and weak . i didnt trust the handle and tested it when any weight was put in it the handle bent . i dont even want to waste time with this junk on fire it would be full of holes
 The only thing this kit is useful for is cooking something in another pot or pan and then merely using this kit as a container on which to hold / eat your food . Sure , it 's light , but it is also horribly made . It bends under little pressure , and it got warped after the first use , so it packs loose and falls apart at the slightest nudge.Coleman makes many great products ... This is just not one of them .
 We should have read the reviews before buying . . They are very small , thin and cheap looking . . Planning to return them .
 This flag is fraying after only 18 months . I expected better durability . Guess I 'll try Valley Forge and hope for longer useful life .
 This flag looks really great coming out of the box . The stitching on the fly indicated a serious attempt at durability but the grommets pulled out of the header during the first blow .
 This is a poor quality flag . It started to fray at the edges the first day it was up . Within a week the grommets were coming out . I woluld not recommend it to anyone .
 Initially I was quite pleased with the value of this flag . However after six months , it has frayed quite badly . Once the fraying starts , its not long before it needs to be replaced . I had certainly hoped for better .
 For the price I was a bit disappointed . While this flag would certainly be fine for an occasional display on a holiday etc. for every day use it is not practical . Spend a few extra $ $ for a better quality flag for commercial daily use .
 When we received this flag , one of the grommets was already starting to pull away from the material . Also , the white strip that the grommets attach to was way too wide -LRB- approx 2 '' -RRB- which caused the material to fold over and bind when the clip was attached . To remedy the two issues above , I removed the old grommets , folded over the white strip , double-stiched it together , and installed two new grommets . Not only was it more secure and durable , it also looked better with the smaller margin against the pole.Even with the required modifications above , I would give this flag 3-stars since it looked so nice and had embroidered stars ; however , six months after putting it up , it is already fraying at the ends where the strips are sewn to each other . We do fly our flag 24/7 , but we take it down during rough weather and generally try to get it down even when it 's just raining . I feel an outdoor flag should last a year -LRB- at the very least -RRB- before showing ANY signs of wear .
 Length :
 TERRIBLE QUALITY ! The top grommet on the US Flag was completely missing and the lower gromment was not correctly attached . Absoloutely not acceptable for a US made flag to have quality as poor as the flag that was sent to me . I called the phone number but could not leave a message because their box was full .
 I purchase this flag 3 months ago and had to through it out today . Both grommets broke and the ends are already starting to rip . The flag it replaced lasted 3 years . This one , 3 months .
 Got this flag , put it up , one week later it is fraying . One week ! It 's on a flag pole 30 ft in the air , but really one week ? Buy from someone else other than BC Novelties .
 I bought one of these two years ago , seduced by the bright orange color . I paid locally retail about $ 50 thinking that if it was brass it must be good quality . Almost immediately I had to contend with inconsistent flow -LRB- I would set the end points for my odd shaped yard only to find that the next time I turned it on I would have to readjust it all over again -RRB- . Sometimes it would get stuck at one end and not come back , but I would manage to get it working again . Finally after a long winter it was time for its third season ... after 10 minutes fiddling trying to get it working properly for more than one cycle I realized it was dead and not going to oscillate any longer . Into the recycle bins it goes !
 I thought I would splurge and get this heavier duty looking sprinkler , thinking it would last many years . After half a season , it started getting stuck on one end of the oscillation . It will just stop until I nudge it . The store I purchased it from has since gone out of business . I have contacted dramm through their website on how to resolve this issue but have yet to receive a response . Their website has no warranty information or customer support area . There is just a contact form to fill out , which I did to no avail .
 I loved the heft , quality , and OK , the bright colors of this sprinkler . I bought my first at a high end nursery . It stopped working , flopping to one side and staying there . I took it back and got another , same thing . I bought another the next year . That one also did not work.Was it me ? Did I abuse them in some way ? I do n't think so , they sat in my vegetable garden and were expected to water in the morning . They were n't even moved around ! I found a cheap one in the basement that worked perfectly . Bought another $ 5 sprinkler and it worked fine.It 's so not me .
 After 11 months of operation , the brass hose connector broke off . The plastic collar that supports this bracket snapped . The local retailer no longer carrys Dramm due to poor quality and poor customer support
 Looks nice , seems solid like a sprinkler from the 1950 's . Oscillation performance is poor . Product received likely defective.Returned it for refund .
 I paid a premium price for a Dramm ColorStorm Oscillating Sprinkler because it appeared well designed and well made . And in fact it worked fine at first . But then it stopped working . I 'd set it up in the yard , turn it on , watch it oscillate , assume it would keep on oscillating , then find out later that it had stopped and was wasting water and time by sprinkling only a small area . After that , it only got worse . I finally had to give up on it.Dramm makes some high quality products and I have other Dramm equipment that I rely on and can highly recommend . However , in my personal experience , this sprinkler is not one of them .
 I bought one , it stopped oscillating and I returned it to be repaired by the company . The replacement they sent also quit working in short order . It works beautifully for about 3-6 months and then they stop ocsillating . Do n't waste your hard earned money and just buy the cheap ones which last the same amount of time .
 I am pleased with the results . My grandsons love it , my plants and yard love it . This is a winner in my book . This type of sprinker tends to stop and or barely last a watering season . We made it through with flying colors . Do not waste your time with a home center . Amazon saves time and money . You do not have to chase people around for help.I lied . It did not make it to the next season . It is in 3 separate parts after I turned on the water . Not surprised but , very disapointed . For those who had good luck , I salute . However it is a gamble with these things , I lost .
 If you have carpenter ants , call someone to attack the nest . This spray was good for killing the carpenter ants I could see but the ants easily navigate around it . I am glad we called a professional who located the nest .
 The shipping process was great , price was great , but I did not open it as soon as it came and gave it as a gift and was humiliated ... it was stained ! And very thin . Looks cheap . I had ordered an Irish flag had no problems so I assumed to just hand over the flag without looking at it . Talk about an embarrassing moment . Very unsatisfied !
 I am an outdoorsman and would not recommend this for several reasons .1 . It is battery operated with no on/off switch ! If in the woods for any period of time you must remove the battery to conserve and then reinsert and recalibrate . Ridiculous . Would be difficult in the rain , snow or very cold temperature or if dropped in the snow .2 . Directions for setting this unit up is very cumbersome and you would have to carry the directions because they are so complicated . If you took battery out to conserve then it would have to be set up and recalibrated everytime . I know I can not remember which button to push and in what sequence.Plus side is it is easy to read and appears accurate .
 Concur on the complex setup and nearly unreadable instructions . Buttons are laid out and labeledCLK MODEALM SELBut in the instructions , they 're referred to as : B DA C `` Press button D to the Compass mode . Press and hold button A to enter calibration mode ` CAL ' then press button C to start . The ring will then display and turn . `` Of course . Obvious to the meanest intelligence , right ? -LRB- The best thing ? `` Button D '' actually takes more letters than even MODE . What was the writer thinking ? Why did he bother ? -RRB- Only a dim , blurry photo relates labels to letters on the instruction sheet.This is typical of the user interface and the instructions.Even more important is the lack of both a sight , with which to find the heading to a distant object ; and a straightedge , to align with a map.One star , because no matter how accurate it is , it 's useless if it ca n't be operated or read . I do not care about the other features if the primary one is no good .
 Auto off does not work , I have had to calibrate it several times in 2 weeks . All I wanted was a reasonably priced digital compass . The other bells and buzzers are worthless and make the unit confusing . The sale though Amazon was my first and handled very well . If it was a simple thing to return it I would . This survey wants me to rate the unit with 1 to 5 stars and does not give the option for ZERO ... . So if you see one star , I had no choice .
 I would never never again buy a product such as this . The directions are so complicated and difficult to understand that this product was TOTALLY UNUSABLE AND A TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY . The directions must have been written by a egg-head engineer for another egg-head engineer . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT UNTIL THE DIRECTIONS ARE WRITTEN IN PLAIN ENGLISH FOR THE AVERAGE PERSON -- NOT AN ENGINEER !!
 I have used this Coleman stove for years . It does not let you adjust the flame low enough to simmer a pot -LRB- after it boils -RRB- with the lid on.You are forced to take the lid off and waste fuel , because the regulator works only in discrete steps.Recently I bought the Northwest Territory propane stove available at K-mart for only $ 11 . It is much better , since you can regulate the flow smoothly , and can adjust the flame as low as you want . Once a pot boils , you can simmer with the lid on and save fuel.It is smaller at the top than the Coleman , but I have not found this to be a problem . Even large pots remain stable , if centered properly.I am extremely happy , and will never go back to Coleman .
 While this stove creates plenty of heat and will do so under wet , windy conditions . The few times i have used it , when I was finished with the stove , and removed the gas cylinder for transport . The Cylinder SEALS were compromised and leaked until the cylinder was EMPTY . I have several other stoves which use the same cylinders and NONE of them compromise the cylinder seals . Dangerous waste of fuel and a definite weakness in stove function . .
 This stoves serious fault is that is very clumsy to cook on . If you put it on a table to cook on it you have to take into account that your cooking surface is an additional 10 inches higher than the table . The old Coleman 2 Burner Dual Fuel Compact Liquid Fuel Stove is a much better camp stove , or even better still is the Camp Shef 2 Burner Stove . If you are considering using this for backpacking your crazy . Go with an MSR compact stove .
 I dont know if I did not read correctly but I received this stove without the tank , therefore it was useless for me , I never imagined that the tank needs to be bought separated , the product loos very very good quality , if I receive the tank I would have rated 5 stars but no tank , 1-star because of that
 The wheel broke as the spreader was being assembled and Scotts has n't seen fit to send the replacement they promised . With snow on the ground now , it 's not that important but I 'd say old Scotts is not quite up to par .
 These are junk ... the last one I 'll buy from Home Depot or Lowes ... the axle/rotor mechanism does n't work well and the handle , while made to disassemble easily and fold , is a severe weakness of the unit . It 's very frustrating to be pushing 25 lbs of fertilizer only to have the axle lock-up and spill half of the load on the lawn - it burns the grass and is time consuming to clean up . Scotts has low brand reputation with me ... words like `` cheap '' and `` consumer grade '' and `` Made in China '' come to mind ... boy something more commercial grade and use it for years to come , that 's my plan .
 Very poorly built product . As others have warned , the axle locks up . Then the flimsy metal twists , and the whole thing falls apart . Lasted for about two uses .
 This spreader is horrendous . It lasted for about 5 uses before falling apart . Unfortunately , there are not many alternatives in the stores .
 Bought the spreader now called the -LRB- standard Model -RRB- for $ 26 . Worked fine on Fescue grass but then locked up when I used it on Zoysia grass . Wheels an axle locked up . This spreader should be used by those who ONLY have a level lawn , less then 10,000 sq feet and only use Scott products -LRB- fine particles -RRB- in it . Anything otherthen the Scott sized particle may not work in this unit because of its design . My lawn guy told me to get an Earthway push or a John Deere that I can hook up to my ZTR . Now I must get hitch bracket for Zero Turn Mower . I cut 1.5 acres of grass . The Earthway and John Deere models all cost major $ $ $ . He sys that is because they last . Lesson learned .
 This product does not put out as much light as others of similar size . The light is also very yellow and the control knob has a cheap plastic feel to it and it does not rotate as smoothly as expected . This is not inline with the high quality construction of the rest of the lantern . Perhaps iv got a dud , but even if it is , Coleman should not have let this out their factory doors . I therefor rate it a 2 stars .
 90 day warranty . I guess that they know something about the product , which Coleman offered to repair for $ 35 ! Thanks but no . I bought an electric replacement -LRB- not Coleman -RRB- . Do n't leave it out in the elements . Probably that 's what when wrong with mine . Indoor camping anyone ?
 This should come with 2 mantles , so after you tear the first , you can try again.Very difficult for my big fingers to place this tube-like mantle over the top of the rough stamping of the burner without compromising the mantle.I 've put a few mantles on lanterns before and they were easy compared to this setup , buy extra mantles .
 Do n't buy . I bought the unmatched set of `` Truper 30957 6-Pound Splitting Maul , 36-Inch Fiberglass Handle '' , `` Truper 30528 3-1/2 - Pound Single Bit Michigan Axe , Fiberglass Handle , 33-Inch '' , and a Truper Pick & Mattock , all around the beginning of 2009 , all with yellow Fiberglass handles for durability , and all under the name `` Collins '' , that I remembered from childhood . Note the designs have changed ; however the first two products appear identical but for the black `` racing stripes '' . None got significant use until the summer of 2011 when the head of the Maul stayed stuck in a disk / cylinder of trunk that I was splitting . Close examination showed that the handle was a steep wedge ~ glued in , had just `` come out '' , and there was no obvious way short of major machine tools that the head was going to be useful for anything . The hardware store where I bought it also had n't seen this before , and marvelled.Then on smaller disks I noticed that the head of the axe was beginning to loosen . The hole farthest from the handle has a glassy plastic overlay that never moved , yet the handle itself began to head away from the axe , and its movement was preceded by a more pliable black sealer / adhesive of some sort that was forced out of the hole and down the handle , in the direction of the user . Handle and head have n't yet parted company , but I 'm no longer using it as I consider it dangerous . Like the Maul , if I only had a machine shop I 'd just ream out the hole and go wooden next time ; but since I do n't ... The mattock continues to work just fine , although I have n't used it much.I work with computers for a living -LRB- chopping wood is only an avocation , and as I do n't do the gym as often as I should , a `` light duty '' one at that -RRB- , so this just does n't seem to be a reasonable failure rate . I contacted servicio@truper.com regarding their products , and never heard back anything.This is n't how I expect to be treated . My next such will be a Fiscars ; I have their hatchet -LRB- what luck no Collins ... -RRB- , it 's proven indestructible so far .
 Having owned many squeegees in my time I can not see what everyone is crowing about with this item.The black rubber strip - which is the key item - is very average and conforms fair to irregular glass . The joint is hard to adjust to use a swivel technique and the entire unit is hard to clean . One off for price , one off for function and one off for design .
 I have no idea where these 5 star ratings are coming in from , but I use to own a 2.5 acre avocado grove . Very over priced for a 5 gal coming from their CA location to my CA location . The tree was in serious shock , which could be caused by several reasons.I called the customer service number on the packing slip , which was in Pennsylvania ? , and simply wanted to know what had or had not been put into the soil before shipping and how long it was boxed up before shipment . Yes the packaging was well done . Important need to know info . If they watered it before shipping -LRB- bad idea -RRB- but easy fix , but with what ? not so easy fix . I needed to know as not to kill the poor little droopy thing.The nice service rep from PA forwarded my Q to Clifton 's with the info that I grew Avocados for decades . No response . Tried again -LRB- the tree is dying -RRB- no response.I have done everything to the best of my knowledge to treat this poor thing and it is barely hanging in there . I give it a 50/50 chance.Good news
 Bought one mug and new out-of-the-box the enamel around the lip is flaking off showing the metal below and making a rough edge . I plan to return it .
 We got these mugs for everyday use around the house -LRB- we 're trying to reduce the amount of plastic our children drink from -RRB- but within a few weeks of regular use , the enamel started chipping off . We ended up having to throw them all away .
 I do not recommend this coffee mug for drinking hot beverages . Cup gets too hot to handle or hold . This purchase was a complete waste of money for a coffee mug .
 This is the first time I 've written a review on Amazon after years of purchasing here . I just feel that this item may not be safe.I had purchased these for my 2 year old to use since they do n't break like glass . Grandma gave us one that he liked but was many years old . So , I order these for home and at Grandma 's . Within a few weeks of occasional use the blue enamel started flaking off of the lip of 2 cups and the contents did n't taste quite right . Great . What is it made of and how much of it that have we ingested ? So I do n't recommend giving these to anyone you love ! p.s. `` made in china ''
 Bought this for my preschooler , wanted something cheaper than stainless but not plastic or glass . Noticed after a couple days of use one of the cups had a weird white coating in the bottom that would n't wash out , but turns out that was the surface of the enamel after 30 minutes of exposure to pineapple juice . Tested with some vinegar on the bottom as well to confirm the acid theory , discolored and became rough after only a few minutes . Do n't know if it 's dangerous but do n't want kid drinking whatever was dissolving off . It 's a shame because they seem pretty nice otherwise and do work well over a fire -LRB- no perceived outgasing-chemical odor -RRB- just remember no acidic juice ! Hate to do it , but gave it one star because this seems like an obvious thing to test for and should have been either fixed or disclosed in the ad .
 I purchased two cups for a camping trip and was a little disappointed to find that they were both dented . Even if they were not damaged I probably would have returned them because the `` lip '' of the cup was a bit sharp and I was concerned that I would cut my lip when drinking from the cup .
 I really like the look of these mugs . They are smaller and lighter than the average mug . With that said one of the mugs came chipped . It seems it would be a head ache to exchange so I will just deal with it . Not too happy .
 VERY , VERY , BAD do not buy this . Opened box and sent back the same day . . Quality is pitted chipped rusted !!!
 When I opened the Outside Box , Inner Box was open and all plates , Cups , and Bowls were spread in the Box . Inner Dinner Set was broken.Color coating and finishing was very poor . There was a damage on one Cup.When I first look at the set and hold it in hand to have a close look , first thought came like Jail Plates , Bowls , and specially Cups like we usually see in movies .
 I 'd love to find a dining kit that looks just like this one but is made somewhere other than China -LRB- USA maybe ? -RRB- and that has an enamel coating that does n't self-destruct . Over the course of two - count 'em , 2 - camping trips , the enamel on all bowls and mugs developed chips and began peeling.The flatware did n't come apart but is made of cheap bendy metal so you have to be careful not to break it.I ended up with a functional useful flatware pouch , bendy flatware and some plates for the cost of the Dining Kit - I 'm sure someone out there would consider that a good deal but I do not .
 We bought two sets of these for camping . I am so disappointed in this product . While the utensils have held up fine -LRB- and the utensil case is a great idea -RRB- , the plates , bowls and mugs have all chipped . Many of them chipped within the first few weeks we used them .
 I bought this item because I was going on a camping trip and thought it would be nice to have a red dining kit . when I got it in the mail , the packaging had literally fallen apart and the kit was all over the box . The poor packaging should have been indication of what was to come.Coleman usually has great products but this kit is very CHEAPLY MADE . The enamel is chipped on most of the pieces and does not fully coat all the items . There are dents on a few of the cups and plates . Also , there are alot of spots where you can tell someone tried to go over the chipped spots with a different shade of red enamel coating . It looks like a botched paint job on EVERY piece . I had high hopes of having my morning coffee in an adorable red mug , but I am so disappointed by Coleman right now . I cant believe they would put their name on this product , let alone sell it to customers . I am in disbelief that Coleman would sell a product that is so very very poorly made . All the pieces will work ok , but I never thought it would be possible to made enamelware so incorrectly .
 Do n't waste your money on this set . The enamel started flaking off with just a few uses . They were then completely useless and I ended up tossing the entire set .
 I bought this and paid extra for quick shipping because I have a camping trip tomorrow . 2 of the cups had large areas where there was no enamel -LRB- and seeing the metal underneath made me wonder if it was even a safe metal to eat off of -RRB- , and several other dishes had cracked enamel . I took a photo , and will see if I can upload it.I expected more from the Coleman brand . This was very disappointing ,
 Just talked to the seller ... blames it on AMAZON HOSTING for putting up the wrong photo , all they sell is the solid RED specked diner set ... Target has the red and white as well as many on ebay .
 yestarday the merchandise arrived to the final destination . The package it was ok and it was protected . Inside the amazon package it was the original coleman box in exclent condition too . after that , i opened it and there was a cup in to bad condition . The damage it wasnt in the transportation , the personel put the cup in that condition inside the box . otherwise , there are 2 bowls in a not very good condition . Really it is a shame for me , because it is the first time that i buy in amazon , and it was a probe for me , because I will hope to buy my wedding stuff in the page , but now i am in dude . PLEASE I WOULD LIKE TO KNOW , WHAT CAN YOU DO FOR ME , BEAUSE I AM TO ANGRY WITH THAT . I AM WAITING YOUR ANSWR AS SOON AS POSIBLE PLEASE . TELL ME IF DO YOU NEED THE PHOTO !!
 I wanted to like this set but it is of poor quality.All of the plates/bowls/cups have a sharp unenameled ring around the lip.Two of the cups were damaged/defective . One of them had a big chip out of the rim of the cup.I love the carrying case of the silverware but the silverware has an opening where the main shaft meets the handle where food/water can enter the handle and get trapped and bacteria could grow.Returning the set .
 We used these twice before most of the enamel-ware items had chipped extensively . Old enamelware does not chip in this way . With all the scares and concerns about heavy metal contamination in Chinese products , I threw these out rather than have my children eat from them . A waste of money .
 Just received this set . The enamel was severely chipped , even though it had been packaged very well . If the enamel of this product cracks this easily , I do n't want it around my family 's food .
 After reading the mixed reviews about this product I decided to purchase anyways thinking people were being to hard on the dishes and that 's why they were chipping . WRONG !!! I received mine chipped right out of the box . I was so disappointed . You would think a product from Coleman would be better quality .
 I was really looking forward to getting my new camping enamelware , ecspecially in RED !! Unfortunately , when the box arrived before my first camping trip for the year , the enamel was chipped on almost all of the plates and bowls . I was really let down . I immediately returned it and the seller gave me money back in a timely manner . It was a fair deal , but I think the dishes was n't packed well enough and just got damaged in transit . : -LRB-
 Sure , this set is nice looking but the dinnerware sucks . Ca n't even touch the cup if it has hot coffee in it -- what good is that ? Same with the plates -- if hot food is on the plate do n't sit it on your bare legs ! Buy heat-resistent plastic instead is my suggestion . The silverware is ok .
 How much more are we going to put up with from CHINA . China has become a 4 letter word . These plates have been made in Mexico for decades , with no problems . I would think Coleman would have more pride in their 112 year old name . It 's getting to the point where you ca n't buy anything of quality . I have money to spend but I cant find anything to buy without a bunch of 1 star ratings .
 I wish I would have checked reviews a little closer , including the ones on the Coleman site . The enamel on this is crap . They were sloppy to start with and after one trip camping , the enamel started chipping off . I will update this review when I get the issue settled with Coleman .
 In concept it is a great set for a family of four . Unfortunately the coating was chipping off some of the plates/cups . Returning for refund .
 The plates and bowls chipped the first time I used them . The mugs were already chipped when I got them . Even packing cloth between each plate and bowl did n't help . I love the silverware and the holder , keeps everything together .
 Very poor enamel finish and the utensils are plastic -LRB- not enamel like the GSI brand -RRB- . Had to send back . expect more from a Coleman item.Amazon refunded the items so that made the experience easy on the wallet .
 you would think something with the Coleman name would be a little higher quality . Made in China . How about making in the USA ??
 Used items listed as &#34; Like New &#34; should not have blobs of paint and chips on pieces of the set ! Returned .
 Like other people , I also had the enamel chip on the plates . Also two of the bowls got stuck to gether and when I pried them apart , the enamal chipped again . Can not use the set threw it away .
 This item arrived in a large box with several other items . The dishes and cups were out of their original box and most were chipped . I shipped it back within an hour of receiving it .
 Do n't be seduced by the Coleman name , for most buyers this product will be a waste of time and money . When I received this product , even with low expectations due to the cheap price , it was very disappointing . The enamel was inconsistently applied in parts with bubbles and streaks on several of the place setting items . In addition , the place settings had metal showing due to transport wear or poor manufacture on 7 of the 12 items . The silverware was very cheaply made and I would n't expect it to last more than a meal or two . My product had also been clearly repackaged by one of Amazon 's partners -LRB- probably because it was someone else 's reject -RRB- and was not how it was originally shipped from the manufacturer . I strongly recommend that you consider spending a little more money and buying something that is worth keeping .
 I returned this . I am giving this product 1 star because I liked the silverware that came with it . I was really disappointed in the enamel ware . On several pieces , after a single use , the enamel popped off and the bare metal was exposed . This should n't happen . Coleman needs to look at the source that is making these in China and maybe think about bringing them back to the USA . I would gladly pay double for these if they were as good as they used to be .
 As shown in the pictures I have attached to this product , out of the box the product had huge production issues .
 Let me say that the only reason that I gave this product 2 stars was because the cups and bowls are Ok . Everything seemed to be well made . The plates looked really good until I looked a little closer . Three of them have chips around the edges . I really expected better quality from Coleman . I would return them but I am so tired of businesses selling junk . I mean who inspects these things before they are sold to a customer.Update
 I see blue enamel floating in the cups and bowls everytime I use them . Also when i wash them there are a few chips in the wash bin . I wanted to like them but they are going in the trash .
 This fountain was beautiful to look at , generous in size , but practically silent . I love the sound of trickling water , so this had to go back .
 As others have said , this may be a nice cot , but I do n't see how they can call it `` oversized '' because it is very , let me emphasize , VERY , narrow . Perhaps if you are very slender this might be okay , but a normal sized person , nah . It is well made , however , I 'll give it that ! :0 P
 This heater works well but could not heat my large tent . It put out heat but my tent is 10X16 feet and made of nylon . The heat was not retained in the tent .
 After reading several reviews I wanted to try this heater for my camping trip . I tried it inside a 9 ft x 7 ft 4 person tent . The temperature did not change even after keeping it on for hours .
 I was looking for a heater to set up in my tent for those really cold camping nights and what I purchased was a heater that is flimsy and unsafe . One of the legs gave out fter leaving it on for about 30 min . It fell over burning a hole in my air mattress . Worst camping purchase I have ever made .
 The item s returned immediately . Not safe for use in golf cart ! Oth items returned and only got credit for one.Items returned in same container I received the heaters .
 This seemed like a good idea to heat the back of my truck for my dogs but it gets very very hot around the metal lip . not safe . not easy to light up .
 product has potential if coleman can fix the flimsy plastic arms that hold the device together . out of the box one of the plastic clips was broken and I returned the product to go with a Mr. Heat heater -LRB- which is awesome -RRB- .
 Just used on a weekend camping trip and we are frequent campers . You have to be within 2 ft of the thing to feel any breeze at all and thats on the high setting . And when its on the high setting the thing ca n't sit still it viberates so bad that it bounces off the table or whatever you set it on . We ended up hanging it up so it didnt fall over in our tent . It ran all night on high so i guess the battery life is good but you may be better off checking out other fans if you plan on using this while camping .
 This fan produces a gentle breeze that can cool off a small tent on a hot night . And it will run all night at low power on a set of D cells . But after just a few uses it has become very noisy . It still seems to work OK if you can stand the racket .
 Broke after two nights camping , it worked well for the first two nights , then just died . New batteries did not help .
 Stopped working pretty quickly after we got it , so not terribly pleased with this item . When it worked it was fine for use with kids around , flexible blades .
 Fan did n't have very much blowing power and one of the fans we bought made a weird noise and moved around a bit as well . Would n't buy again .
 I purchased two of these fans . Out of the box , both made a lot of noise that I was able to remedy by dismantling them and re-gluing everything correctly . I made them run silently , but I should n't have to do that myself .
 I returned this fan as it was extremely noisy and not as expected . probably made in China ...
 I purchased this fan for a weekend camping trip in humid 90 degree weather . It worked pretty well on the first night ... on high , there was significant circulation to my upper body when placed to air mattress on a small table . Unfortunately , the fan would n't turn on the next night . I installed fresh batteries and still nothing . I opened up base to discover a faulty switch ... it was n't making contact properly . I thought I fixed it , but once jostled too much , would not make contact again . Ridiculously shoddy craftsmanship , which SUPER surprises me with a Coleman product .
 The fan worked fantastic for a few days then died for no reason . Even tried replacing the new batteries with new batteries ... still dead . Good luck with this one . Coleman has really lost its quality . Does anyone know of a good battery operated fan that will work for a few years ?
 I bought this fan for a 4 night camping trip . It worked for 4 hours and never ran again . When the fan is jiggled a bit , it runs for a second and shuts down . Looks like the wires are bad . I would never buy it again or recommend it to anyone .
 I really wanted to like this fan . The rubber blades are perfect for preventing injury in a cramped tent . But there are many problems with this fan .1 -RRB- The circular part has arms that simply plug into the base ; so the fan can flop backwards and end up facing the ceiling instead of facing you . There 's no way to lock it in place or tighten the grip of these arms .2 -RRB- When packing the fan in a bag , the circular section will definitely come off -LRB- i.e. the arms will detach -RRB- , and when this happens , the only thing holding the fan part to the base is a thin electrical cord , which will obviously break if any strain is put it on it . So this is NOT designed to be thrown in a bag , which makes no sense for a camping fan ! 3 -RRB- I swear this thing eats batteries like they were candy . There has to be another battery powered fan that does n't kill 4 Ds immediately .
 Item arrived on time . Used it during last camping trip and fan worked flawlessly for 2 hours straight ... then stopped . Changed battery and did not work ever since . Sent it back and just got the replacement . Will try at the house for a few days and we 'll see if it does the same thing .
 Very cheaply made product . Took it on a recent very hot 7-day camping trip . The first night-and-a-half , it was a blessing as it was the difference between sleeping and not sleeping in a hot tent . But then it just quit working in the middle of the night . Replaced batteries , but no luck , and very little sleep for the rest of the week . I normally only buy premium products so that I do n't have these type of headaches , but just could n't find a higher quality unit .
 I bought 2 of these fans , since my daughter and I were going camping with a group in July . While the fans worked well when they worked , they did not last more than one night . Both fan 's started slowing down and speeding up , then stopped completely . We changed out the batteries -LRB- I had purchased Duracell and new ones -RRB- without any luck , even though the fans were suppose to last longer than 7 hours on one set of batteries . The other 3 nights were very uncomfortable as it was very humid and muggy . I have return them to Amazon and plan on getting a different brand . Very disappointed with Coleman , this is the second item I have purchase of their 's that did not hold up .
 I bought this fan to take on a recent camping trip where we slept in a tent for two nights . I brought this fan -LRB- new in the box -RRB- with 4 brand new D batteries . The box advertises that the fan will run for 21 hours of continuous use on one set of batteries . The fan was not running when we woke up on the first morning and did not work for the rest of our trip . With 85 % humidity , I was not too pleased . We did check the batteries in our air mattress pump , and they were still charged . I will be returning this fan .
 The fan worked great , for an hour or two . Then it used up all the batteries and died . You would have to spend a small fortune on batteries to keep this thing running . I would not recommend purchasing this product .
 I bought this fan on clearance for $ 5 . We took it on a camping trip and it did ok the first time . We just took it on a 2nd camping trip and it was pitiful . It was very loud and put out very little air . I thought maybe it just needed new batteries , nope . We put fresh batteries in it and it did n't change at all . As a one time use item it is n't bad , but to pay $ 20 for a one time use is not very frugal . I 'm just grateful I only spent $ 5 on ours .
 I like a fan when I sleep or to cool me off when it is 95 + and humid and Coleman makes good products so it was a complete surprise when this fan stopped working 1.5 weeks after I bought it . I 'd laid in a supply of fresh batteries and even spent several hours taking it apart to check solders and wiring and even bypassed the switch , nothing helped . After using it for 1.5 weeks , the motor apparently died.Yes it could have been an aberration but I do not care , I 'll look for a more reliable brand in the future .
 very portable but I ca n't really feel any air coming out of it unless I hold it right to my face and even than it is weak , it is not practical .
 The fan provided great circulation in my tent , but is VERY loud . It was so noisy I could n't sleep and had to turn it off . It 's possible it could just be a defect with the one I received since I did n't see too many other reviews about the noise level of this fan .
 i had high hopes for this fan , but like many other reviewers here , mine stopped working about 2 hours after i turned it on . i replaced the batteries and the problem persisted . i can get the fan to run now if i smack it -LRB- like an old tube tv -RRB- but it does n't run at full-power and is very erratic . i 'm going to crack it open to see if there 's a loose connection or something , but i should n't have to do that . i ca n't recommend this product .
 Work for only 21 hours , the of batteries . When I added new batteries ; it would run . No guard in front of fan .
 I do not recommend this fan . At least not for long-term long-hour use.I initially bought this to help me sleep , I 'm currently living off-grid , and since my main source of power is a generator , I obviously ca n't leave it going all night to power a regular fan . So I figured , hey , why not buy a battery-powered fan ? Now I was n't expecting this fans batteries to really last more than 2-3 days , but I was very surprised when this fan drained the four D batteries before my alarm even went off the next morning!Perhaps this fan is good for only occasional use , but it really did n't push much air around and it also made a strange grinding noise after only about 2 hours.All and all , not a good fan . I found a much better -LRB- and only 2 dollars more expensive -RRB- fan at walmart in the camping section which only takes two D batteries , and the battery life lasts much longer .
 I used this for a 3 day - 2 night camping trip . It worked for the first two days , I would turn it off when I was n't in the tent , and first night . On the second night it stopped running , I replaced the batteries and it still did n't work . I fussed with it for about an hour , trying to spin the blades to encourage it . It would spin a couple times and then stop again . I finally gave up and dealt with the uncomfortable heat the best I could . When I got home I just tossed it in the trash . It was n't even worth bothering sending back .
 This fan is a waste of money . When we set it up , it worked perfectly . When we got it to the campsite , it worked perfectly . Did a fairly good job of circulating air through our tent . Then , it died . Thought it was the batteries so we replaced all of them . It just stopped working . It worked for less than ten hours total .
 purchased first fan and it quit working . Returned fan and decided to try it again . Same result . Will never buy this again .
 Pure Junk - The ones that hang around your neck on a lanyard are better!It 's noisy rattles and barely moves air.I 'm so glad I have plenty of time to get something else !
 I ordered 3 of these fans to use during our participation in the Susan G. Komen 60 mile 3 day walk . We would be tent camping the beginning of August in Chicago and I knew the tents would be hot . I searched quite a bit for small battery operated fans and thought I had found a winner . We had to pack light so needless to say , the boxes got tossed . One fan did not even work the first night . The other two worked during the walk - thank goodness . Without the box , I was afraid I would not be able to return the non-working fan . Since the other two were working I figured I had received one lemon . However , fan # 2 quit working after the 4th use , about a month later . The 3rd quit working after the 6 use , about 2 months later . I am totally disappointed that Coleman would manufacture such a cheap , worthless product . The price was very reasonable , but I guess it is true what they say - you get what you pay for . And these fans definitely are not worth even 1 cent !
 I was so excited about being able to have a fan when we went car camping last weekend but as we unpacked & setting up ; I turned on the fan & the blade spinned right off !!! It would n't spin very fast after that & it would n't stay on . I 'm going to attempt to return it but if I do n't get to return it ; I 'll just chalk it up for experience .
 This is the worst item I have ever bought from Amazon . Bought it for my daughter to take to camp . It stopped working after 24 hours . She put fresh batteries in it and still nothing . After she came home , I played around with it as well . If you put it at a certain angle , the blades moved around very slowly , but it you moved it the least bit , it did n't work at all .
 This fan was a huge let-down . We took it camping and hoped that it would circulate the air in the tent pretty good , well , it did n't ! The brand new batteries also did n't even last all of one night . This thing is being returned !
 I was very excited to get this fan . We turned the fan on high and it barely lasted 5 hours . It moved quite a bit of air and felt really good in our medium tent . Maybe different batteries would help , but the Duracell 's did n't last . Overall great idea , not so great turnout .
 This fan was a big disappointment . It moves air alright but is so obnoxiously noisy that we never used it . I 'm not exactly sure what I 'm going to do with it now . It got a little dusty on our trip so I do n't think that I can return it . Bummed about the waste of money !
 I was very impressed with this fan right up to when it stopped working . I put maybe 4 hours on in before it started to make a little clicking noise . After about 8 hours it just stopped.I do n't think this fan was really engineered with any durability in mind . If you have to have it just leave it on your dresser and only use it for blackouts on hot nights . It might hold up for that.I 'm still looking for a portable camp/tent fan that will go the distance .
 BOUGHT IT 2 WEEKS AGO . NOT EVEN NEAR TO WHAT IT SAYS IT CAN DO . YOU ARE BETTER OFF GETTING TO GO FANS FROM $ STORE . THEY DO A BETTER JOB , THAN THIS ONE . .
 I recieved both fans ant niether of them worked . I needed them that weekend so I did not get to use them . So I sent them back for a refund .
 THESE FANS WILL DIE . IN THE BEGINNING I LOVED THEM . AS SOON AS I HAD TO REPLACE THE BATTERY , THEY WERE DEAD .
 I just received this Coleman free standing tent fan from Amazon.com . It arrived with no battery compartment cover . I do n't know if the Coleman manufacturing plant `` forgot '' to attach one or if it was liberated by someone else.Exchanging the fan for another one would be ridiculous because I 'd probably have to pay another $ 14.99 in shipping fees to send the old one back.This is the second time my attempts to buy a battery powered fan have left me hot under the collar . The other fan was a Sharper Image fan that never worked . I ended up throwing that one away.I 'm not going to get ripped-off again this time . I 'm going to manufacture my own battery compartment out of cardboard . If that does n't work , I will move the fan out of the garage and place it next to the garbage barrel where I will take $ 14.99 worth of swings at it with a hammer to get my money 's worth for entertainment value.Before I click `` Place Order '' again with Amazon.com , I 'm going to think twice and remember this fan purchase .
 Took two of these fans to Haiti and they both stopped working after the second night and I was so mad ... I even changed the batteries and that didnt work ... The worse purchase ... Nothing like being in Haiti and not having a fan at night !!!!!
 I purchased 2 of these fans , I 've only used one so far and it only lasted for one day . The fan started shaking really bad and then it would slow down and then just stop . Very poor quality , I have n't tried the second one but I 'm pretty sure it will do the same thing . I 'll buy something other than a Coleman next time .
 I bought this fan to take with us to a music festival . This year we were headed to the festival with our six month old little boy and I wanted to be able to keep some of the noise out of our camper and provide some cool air . The fan literally worked for 20 minutes and then shut off never to work again . Luckily the sound of the bluegrass music must have lulled him to sleep and we had some cool nights , but I will certainly not recommend this product or purchase another one .
 This fan fell apart the first week I had it . THe blade stopped spinning despite how many fresh batteris I put in it . Do not buy this fan . Poor quality and construction .
 With the first four battery charge -LRB- Duracell Alkaline -RRB- , the fan ran great . I think I got more than the 21 Hrs advertised.However , about three hrs into the second battery charge -LRB- other half of same Duracell 8 pack -RRB- ... the fan began to makestrange noises ... as if something was hindering the electric motor revolutions . It quit ... irrepairably . Perhaps it wasjust a lemon but I thought it was a Coleman ... As the price was good ... sending it back and forth is hardly a viableoption .
 Thank goodness I tested this before I sent it off to camp with my daughter . It did n't even make it through the night with a fresh set of batteries .
 I purchased two of these fans for camping . One lasted 4 nights and the other 3 nights and now neither work .
 not worth the money -LRB- $ 20.00 ?? -RRB- , this fan is too small and unless you were to hold it inches from your face its useless , buy one of those handheld mini fans for $ 1.98 !
 The motor burned out in one day . It takes a ton of batteries and it does n't make much wind . 20 bones down the drain .
 Do n't waste your money . This product is Cheap & loud . The fan is not balanced . Save your money and make a fan out of paper !
 I bought this to have in the tent on &#34; warmer &#34; nights when camping . You ca n't feel any air flow unless you are an inch away from the fan ! Considering the cost of batteries and the lack of air flow from this fan I ca n't recommend this product .
 I bought one of these from Amazon 2 years ago and it was great ... quiet and long lasting on batteries !!! I have tried to get a second one from 3 different retail outlets -LRB- including Amazon -RRB- recently to have for power failures and camping -LRB- batteries last an entire 3 day weekend -RRB- . The fan motor is now mounted very loosely in the housing which causes the fan to wobble which makes it extremely noisey . It seems the manufacturing process must have changed and what was a great product is no longer worth buying . All 3 fans had the same issue unlike my original which is very quiet . I have heard that Coleman is no longer the manufacture .
 This fan moves air , barely . It makes `` white noise ;-RRB- '' which is ok IF you want noise when you sleep !
 I saw one review where the person said this worked for 2 weeks on the same set of batteries . The product description says it will run for 21 hours on the same set of batteries.I did not have this experience.I purchased two of these fans and new batteries for them -LRB- each fan uses 4 D batteries . I spent $ 14 on 8 D batteries for the 2 units . -RRB- We went camping and turned the fans on when we went to bed in our tent . Woke up in the middle of the night and they were n't running . They ran out of juice sometime in the middle of the night . Would n't even make it one night . And this happened with both fans - both ran out about the same time . I estimate they made it about 6 hours . It was about 80 degree weather .
 We bought two of these after Gustav hit this summer and we realized we 'd be without power for weeks.They run fairly efficiently , when you can get the switch to stay in position . They 'd run for several days on 4-D batteries when set to the low position . They also ran quite nicely on rechargeable alkaline batteries.They are too big to take camping , but we 'll hang on to them for the next hurricane.Overall , I was disappointed with the build quality . They wo n't put up with any abuse , and I feel certain I 'll be replacing the switch at some point . The exposed blade is soft foam and does n't hurt , but is probably still not safe around little kids or cats .
 Too noisy to sleep . Shaft holding fan blade in motor was very loose causing a loud rattle . Will contact Coleman for a resolution . Size and portability was good , air volume was good and price was decent .
 Bought this and put batteries in and turned it on and it was so loud . The fan is off balance and vibrates the entire unit . Needed it for a camping trip this weekend , ended up droping it off at the post office thismorning . It was so loud in my house I ca n't imagine in a quiet tent . Stay away from this one .
 Bought this fan for a camping trip , loaded the batteries in it when it arrived , and it worked fine . Took it on the camping trip , and it turned off after an hour . Never got it back on , spent all night in a hot tent . Tried new batteries , but nothing worked . Had some trouble keeping the angle , which is adjustable - the head kept drooping . Will be sending it back for a refund .
 Got this fan for a camping trip that I was taking and it worked great for the two hours that it worked .
 I bought this fan about a month ago . I used it about 5 times for about 30-45 minutes each time . Then today , the fan would operate very slowly . Thought batteries were dead , but like other bad reviews about this fan , seems there is an electrical problem because changing batteries did not help . But , I will say that I left the fan in my car and that could have affected it , but looking at other reviews , it just seems that this fan is poorly build . Do not recommend . Do not buy .
 I bought three of these to go camping with , and here 's how they fared : -LRB- 1 -RRB- Would n't even turnover . Nothing . Not even with help . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Would struggle to turnover . With help it would spin for about 10 seconds then die . -LRB- 3 -RRB- Worked but rattled a lot . It would blow wind and we used it , but it was extremely annoying and prevented sleep so we had to turn it off.The 3rd one would blow air quite well and it was a very nice breeze . These products have potential , but simply do n't work as they should.Yes , the batteries were new and we tried changing around the batteries .
 Unfortunately we waited to use the fan at the camp site . We placed brand new batteries in the fan and nothing happened . It was broken when it arrived and we really took a chance since we had read a review where this happened to someone else . We were disappointed and I have to send it back .
 I purchased this fan last year from amazon for a summer camping trip . It functioned for fewer than five total hours before failing completely on the first day of use . Even a full change of batteries could n't get it to work again . Buying this item is essentially taking a gamble on Coleman 's quality control , which according to many other reviews , is highly inconsistent -LRB- for this item at least -RRB- . I would not recommend this product at all .
 does n't work . the blow function is very poor.It is very expensive against the experience that you expected.heavy with batteries , expensive product . I bought several years agoother Coleman fan at same price and works very well .
 I am returning this fan since it never worked out of the box . I even tried different sets of D batteries and verified them in flashlights.Given the other negative reviews , I would not recommend the time or money on this item . Very sad and disappointed in Coleman , which usually produces very good products .
 This is a terrible product . This fan worked for exactly 10 minutes . Battery life was not a problem but the pin which the fan blades are on is not straight . So ... the fan blades do n't turn correctly if at all .
 Product does not come with instructions as to how to open the battery section . There is an open/close wheel but nothing happens when I use it . I will have to call the company .
 Used this fan 3 or 4 times . Does not work now . Changed batteries , still does n't work . Coleman product . Thought it would be great !
 We bought two of these fans after a particularly hot camping trip . They are compact , and light -LRB- until you put in 4 D batteries -RRB- . We used them twice , and one of them just quit . I grew up using high quality Coleman gear , and these simply do n't live up to the Coleman reputation .
 Ordered two of these initially but when one of them arrived broken -LRB- the plastic piece holding the blade to the rotor was broke -RRB- it was returned for a replacement . Then we went camping for one night . The next morning only one of the two fans were still working properly , the other was not moving at all . Changed batteries , still didnt work , changed batteries again , now it worked ... but could barely move it 's `` low '' setting . Upon returning home , went ahead and returned all these fans . Did n't even want to keep the working one because a 1 in 3 success rate does n't spell confidence ... figured it was just a matter of time -LRB- days ? -RRB- before the working one would stop working . If they all had worked properly , I probably would have given these 3 stars . They just dont move the air much unless your about a foot away .
 This is pretty common lately . It 's a pretty trowel , but unless you have hands shaped like half-moons it 's not so easy to grip efficiently . Trowels should provide utility , not attractive good looks .
 These baits are peanut butter-based , as it says on the can . The ants I have seem to be drawn to sugary things , but they leave these baits alone . I 'm going to try another type ; I know some ants are drawn to some traps so I think it 's mostly a matter of trying different kinds until I find one that these particular ants like to eat .
 The ants I got in my apartment do n't seem to be interested in the bait , I 've not seen a single one entering the trap and I watched them for a while & multiple times .
 The ants -LRB- very small ones -RRB- seem uninterested in the bate and run right by it , completely uninterested . Get boric acid/sugar baits instead . Note
 This was a waste , I watched the ants walk all around the can but were not attracted by it . I gave it a week and nothing !!! I got Terror T300 and problem solved . The ants are gone ...
 We tried these baits over the past two weeks and seem to have far more ants now than we did before . These baits are absolutely worthless . We live in the Pacific Northwest , so maybe the ants are different ?
 I 've tried this one year . Bought the 3 traps and placed a fresh one out every few months . The ant problem never went away .
 My daughter is allergic to nuts . Just in case the little critters track peanutbutter into the house I could n't use it . Anaphylaxis to nuts is no laughing matter . Waste of money . Gave it to my gardener just to get it out of the house .
 I installed one in my mower today and guess what ? The mower would start and run for about 5 seconds before quiting . It would restart and then run for only 5 seconds and quit . It was the proper plug for the engine . I reinstalled the old plug and the engine ran perfectly.This is certainly not what I expected ! I have no idea what is going on here - very strange indeed !
 I REGRET SPENDING 7.00 DOLLARS BUYING THIS PLUG FROM WAL-MART . I DID N'T NEED A NEW PLUG , MY 128L HUSQVARNA WEED TRIMMER WAS WORKING JUST FINE . HOWEVER AFTER READING THE PACKAGING I THOUGHT HUMM , MAYBE I WILL SWITCH MY RCJ8Y CHAMP . . PLUG OUT WITH THIS E3 .12 SPARK PLUG . WELL TO MAKE A LONG STORY SHORT , AFTER 3-5 MIN OF USE WITH THIS NEW E3 .12 PLUG I HAD TO REMOVE IT AND REINSTALL THE OLD PLUG . -LRB- RCJ8Y -RRB- SPARK PLUG . TO FINISH THE JOB . THE NEXT DAY I DECIDED BEFORE WRITING THIS REVIEW I WOULD GIVE THE E3 .12 SPARK PLUG A SECOND CHANCE . WELL , THE OUT COME WAS THE SAME , AFTER 3-5 MIN OF USE MY 128L WEED TRIMMER WOULD CUT OFF AS IF IT WAS CHOKED OFF . THEN WOULD NOT RESTART . I WILL NEVER USE THIS PRODUCT AGAIN , AND WILL ADVISE ALL FRIENDS TO STAY AWAY FROM THIS WORTHLESS SPARK PLUG.IT IS POSSIBLE I HAVE A FACTORY DEFECTIVE PLUG BUT ... IM NOT SPENDING THE MONEY TO TRY A SECOND ONE . I SEE SOME PEOPLE HAS WROTE GOOD REVIEWS , I AM NOT KNOCKING THEIR STORIES .
 In January 2009 , we installed two E3 sparkplugs in our chainsaws . Both of the electrodes broke off ; then the broken off metal parts entered into the cylinder and damaged it and the piston . Now , our two chain saws are destroyed . I will never use an E3 sparkplug in any engine of mine .
 I could swear when I bought this there were numerous glowing reviews at amazon ... nothing listed now . Very disappointed in the strength of the light , unfortunately I fear it takes at least a 12 volt battery to actually get a lasting solar charge to light a small sign at night .
 This item is poor and would never buy again . In fact I am not going to buy anything from amazon again because of this product . lasted only one evening .
 It 's a good standard copper plug , used in tons of applications . What 's not good is the price . Caveat emptor
 Although nothing was wrong with this standard Champion plug - the description clearly states &#34; pack of six &#34; . Only one arrived , which left me short in a tune up . Going to Lowes solved the problem , and for much less . If this is what Amazon gets for a single plug , then go to Lowes or Home Depot , and you 'll pay 75 % less .
 Description of this product is wrong this is a pack of six In the description but you receive only one It 's big time miss leading
 Well the price is right but the page and description was hard to understand . It said product feature of six and said pack of 1 so I thought it would come for 1 pasck of six for the price . Add was very misleading and hard to follow . Needs to be fixed becareful when looking at this product
 This bag 's not the best . Get item # CBSSUNV directly from Camp Chef for 23.99 + S&H . Fits all CC Sport Utility models .
 Do n't know who measured this for the stove , but sure is like putting the stove in a gunny sack
 This is a nice , study bag , but way too big for the stove . Therefore , I do n't like it ...
 I like to store my stove neatly in the garage . This bag serves that purpose . However , This bag is a little bigger than my Camp Chef EX-280LW . It caused the legs to move around inside . It is difficult to carry . I think the box that came with my stove would be much better than this bag .
 This bag is way too oversized for a two burner stove . Unless you plan on stuffing a bunch of other stuff in this bag , the bag just does not fit the stove .
 Ordered by serial number on stove but instead received some bag for much larger stove , at least six inches to long and to tall to use at all , waste of money ...
 It 's designed to carry the grill on the side rather than flat , if you use any type of heating/flavor stones it will drive you mad . If you 're just a propane user this case will work fine for you .
 Ok , the good
 This chair looks great . A friend of mine has one that is the same type of design but made from tubular aluminium and canvas that is so confortable that we fight over who gets to sit on it . I thought this chair would be a classy version with the same comfort so I bought 2 . Boy was I wrong.The chair looks great but it is not comfortable at all . The end of the seat is too short or too long and your legs rest on the wood bar which is not at all comfortable . I 'm not sure how it can be fixed -LRB- I think that the seating surface needs to be longer so that your weight rests on the seat and not the end bar -RRB- but it really is a design flaw.It also creaks very loudly when you sit on it.Definitely not worth the money as chairs but they do look nice on my deck ! I now consider them purely ornamental .
 We found deck chairs like this at a resort and we loved them . Bought this one because it was in our budget . This is held together by a nylon type string that broke in both chairs after only 11/2 summers outside -LRB- was stored inside during the winter -RRB- . Was back at the same resort this spring and checked the chairs , they are held together by a wide strap which I imagine will hold up over the long run .
 This item is mis-represented and in my opinion falsely advertised , or they did n't send everything . It 's advertised as foam ` filled ' , but I have yet to find it and the box is empty . It is so flimsy , I 'm not sure how the head will stay up / inflated . There was no foam filling included in the shipment . Stay clear away from this one . It looks great on line , but disappointing when you get it first hand .
 i AGREE WITH THE OTHER CUSTOMER THIS IS NO WHERE CLOSE TO WHATS PICTURES ITS HOLLOW AND FLIMSY AND ONE PEICE DOESNT LOOK REAL OR LIKE THE PICTURE SHOWS
 arrived in poor condition . i bough lilacs from this company and they were fine and still thriving . the rose however did n't make it.this happens with plants and that is not my problem . the company expects ME to pay for return postage for a dead bush , OUTRAGEOUS!This is HORRIBLE customer service !!!! Do n't buy here !!
 This rose arrived in a fair condition . I thought it was the shipping . I planted the rose immediately as I did with other roses -LRB- including the same variety -RRB- from different nurseries hoping it would revive . It never happened . As a matter of fact , it is declining . I am expecting it to die entirely any day now . Regardless of how hard I tried to nourished it back to health . It is not like I can not take care of roses . I have multitude of roses . I always order online from nurseries that give one year guarantee . Since this one does not ship replacements or give you the money back if their plants do not perform , I simply threw my money away . Go somewhere else to buy your roses -LRB- sometimes cheaper -RRB- . They guarantee success or they replace the good.They promised the rose will bloom this year . Unfortunately , it fights for its survival . BIG NO NO .
 CONRAD-PYLE COMPANY IS THE PATENT HOLDER FOR KNOCK OUTS AND THERE ADS CLAIM IT IS `` NO MAINTAINENCE '' AND RESISTANT TO THE MOST COMMON DISEASES OF ROSES . THIS IS A FALSE AND DECEPTIVE CLAIM AND IN MY OPINION A VIOLATION OF THE LANHAM ACT AND THE VARIOUS STATE ACTION UNFAIR AND DECEPTIVE TRADE ACT . I HAVE MY FIRST 14 BUSHES HERE ON HILTON HEAD ISLAND , SC WHERE THERE IS A CONSTANT SEA BREEZE . IN SPITE OF CARE ALL DEVELOPED POWDERY MILDEW WITH TWO WEEKS AS WELL AS BLACKSPOT . I ANTICIPATE FILING A CLASS ACTION LAW SUIT AND INVITE ANY WHO HAVE HAD SIMILAR EXPERIENCE CONTACT ME AT DOCRBOLT@YAHOO.COM
 Misrepresented product . Says 50 count . They mailed one . Lists 150 dollar value but it is worth about 2 bucks .
 I 've had this edger over two years and it has never done a decent job of trimming . The blade speed is so low it wo n't cut 80 % of the grass . The engine runs at too slow a speed and does n't speed-up or have a throttle cable .
 Unfortunately , the connections on the hose are extremely tinny . The connection to the faucet leaked from the very beginning . I did n't discover it , however , until it was too late to return it since I thought it was the faucet itself that was leaking . After fixing the faucet and hooking up the hose , I discovered that it was the hose connection all along that was leaking . All I 'm hoping now is that I can attach a new connection so that I can use the hose . Otherwise , it 's money down the drain.If yo9u 're looking for a quality product , this is n't it .
 The very low quality metal fittings on the ends fail after just one season . The end split out at the root of the threads where the nozzle would attach.Otherwise this hose was nice when it functioned . For the price , it 's not too much to ask for machined brass fittings on the end . At the very high price this is sold for , it 's a rip-off .
 I would say the hose itself is very sturdy and flexible . Unfortunately the connectors on each end are a little weak and flimsy . It is not of sturdy metal . It looks like it 's made of aluminum . The connections are not tight and leakage can occur . I now have to go out to buy some plumbing tape to prevent as much water leakage as possible .
 `` DeLuxe '' , but they didn ' want to use brass fittings . They did save $
 Do NOT buy this , you will not need it . Most of the stuff included is junk and there are no instructions with it anyway .
 Fittings are all wrong for my 2650psi washer . They are plastic . . like for a garden hose or maybe small electric washer ? Wastse of my $ $ $
 I attached the new wand to the power washer , a Husky 1750psi electric , and about 5 seconds later it started spraying out of the adapter . The plastic had numerous hairline fractures , and all of them leaked streams of water , similar to a sprinkler . The base of the attachment was also poorly molded , and thin areas were clearly noticable . Very poor quality on the unit I received . On a good note , the shipping was fast , and returning it was very simple .
 After opening the case I realized all the pieces were loose and not secured inside the case . With this , I inspected the swirling nozzle and the cheap plastic connection to connect the extension rods was broken . I have used the other attachments and the plastic extension rods are flimsy . Unless your jus getting this to clean your gutters do n't bother .
 The rotating spinner in this kit broke.Had not used it very much . Loved it untilthat happened . Used the spinner morethan the other attachments .
 Provides a nice perch for cardinals and larger birds , but plugs easily with seed.Slight rain and you have a mold problem .
 Well made as are all coleman products . I just do not see the point as this is just an open bag that is not very easy to handle or keep from spilling .
 I did the research , used the right ID numbers , but this part for my chain saw did not fit . Had to return it . Admittedly , my chain saw is unusual and difficult to find parts for .
 I ORDERED 428-700 AND RECEIVED 428-A00 . The main burner puts out less BTU -LRB- about 5,000 -RRB-
 My husband had this item before and so do our friends . That is why we purchased it I am waiting for a credit on my account since we had to return it . It has a broken part or something and did not work . IT WAS defective . I think this one was just a lemon and not a reflection of this product . However we would recommend the two burner next time . Our friend loaned us one when we had to return this one to Amazon .
 It is too top heavy for most golf cart cupholders . We have two carts and I tried it in a friends , and it falls out of the cup holder on all three carts .
 This thing does not fit most golf cart cup holders , it 's too big and top heavy . Also 3,000 BTU just is not enough heat to do much .
 When I got the unit the electronic ignition did not work . I called Coleman and asked if they could send me a new igniter button . They saaid that I would have to send the complet unit back at my expense and they would send me another one . So I gave up on this and bought a $ 2.00 propene grill lighter which worked fine . I have a Club Car with a Cutiss cab on it which should not be hard to heat . This heater will keep the drivers hands warm but not do much for the passenger.Bob K
 product came with a broken start button and I called Coleman and after much discussion they informed me that I must distroy the product and sent it back at my expense . It only needed a 10 cent button and they do not have those in stock . My last Coleman product from a Company with such a poor business model .
 I got two of the Gypsy Moth Traps for the work place which I work at a telescope . These traps did not catch any moths . Not one . So my recommendation is that these are not worth buying . Keep your money , buy a zapper .
 Did n't catch a thing except my $ $ $ . Bought a bug zapper and it 's working great for moths even though some say they do n't work .
 When I first opened the packaging I could n't tell how bad this was going to be ... But as we struggled to get the &#34; EZ &#34; canopy to &#34; pop up &#34; , I should 've taken it right down and sent it back . The canopy top had a big snag in the fabric and the flimsy crap metal materal was akin to a curtain rod . One night of rain and the canopy collected water , collapsing the entire structure , resulting in a bent-beyond-repair frame . Now I have a $ 140 pile of landfill garbage that I 'm SO happy about throwing away . I should 've just lit fire to the cash and saved myself the trouble .
 Blew over and buckled less than 24 hours after it arrived . Went straight in the garage . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY .
 This tent looks awesome but , it is awful!Before purchasing it I read several of the reviews here on Amazon and decided to give it a try because of the price , the 4 walls , and the waterproof claim.I 'm a caricature artist doing arts/craft trade shows 5-6 days a week and needed to get a 10X10 for larger shows . This one seemed perfect . Boy was I ever wrong!The tent arrived timely and looked great on test put up . On the day of the Boat Show Event -LRB- a perfect Florida day , no wind or rain -RRB- we put the tent up , and suddenly it just popped apart ! The accordian-like connections on one of the sides just popped the freak off , and it started to fall . I had to jump in the car and search the city for another tent . Fortunately I found a Coleman Canopy -LRB- at the 4th store -RRB- , which worked like a charm.So anyway , I contacted the seller of the Blue Palm Springs tent and here is the letter they sent me : Subject
 The canopy is nice and looks good . I used it one time during the summer month . The canopy fell over and bent . Was n't able to use again .
 Took the EZ up out to the river and had fun wiith it for two days until the wind knocked it over on the 2nd day and broke the frame . Tried to fold it back up in the rain/wind but was n't able to ... already bent out of shape ... -LRB- just lost $ 100 -RRB-
 We were very sad and disappointed after the first use , one of the pieces in the top , which is flimsy as a curtain rod , broke at the point where a screw was inserted . I have since gone to stores and looked at other models which are made with much stronger materials . Several people were inpressed and we were delighted until the second time we tried to set the unit up . It costs $ 63.00 to buy a replacement rod for the one that snapped , at what look like a construction flaw . I was stupid to not check on the warranty before purchasing . I now understand why there is none , this is a flimsy waste of my money . We now must purchase another unit which is made of better materials , maybe if you did not plan on setting up and taking down this unit often it would be a good buy , but that did not meet our needs .
 you would think something this heavy would be better made , for one the bag didnt have wheels , it was so heavy the straps that it did have started to tear when i took it to my car , set up easy however the wind blew it over , no big deal we picked it up and tried to collapse it to pack up and a few bars were went out of shape , VERY THIN FRAGILE metal , it took 4 people & nearly a hour -LRB- luckily the campers next to use helped -RRB- tocollapse it since it wasnt bending right related to bend polls . so its heavy and cheaply made .
 This product is of very \ poor quality . It broke after the 2nd time I used it . They do not guarantee their products and they certainly will not exchange it either . Extremely bad merchant . Extremely bad customer service . Extremely bad and over priced cheap junk .
 I purchased this product to go camping with and on a very cold night , was looking forward to setting it up . I was camping in my Expedition because it was too dark to set up the tent when we got there so I figured the heater would be more than enough . I 'm glad I did n't try to sleep in the tent with this . It could n't even heat the Expedition , so I know it would n't have kept my tent warm . Very disappointed in this product since Coleman is makes quality products . I am returning this heater and gon na spend the extra money to get a bigger one.I would advise against this heater unless you just want to keep your hands warm .
 I am an AVID camper . If I camped anymore I would need a mailbox on my hood . It gets cold in the NW and when I heard about catalytic heaters I felt ` Wow ! , I got ta have one !!! ' So ... being the careful person I am about new and supposedly great products ... bought a Coleman ` sportcat ' Cat . heater . Let me give you an analogy
 All I can say this `` heater '' is Nothing more than a glorified hand warmer ! Using a thermometer in my garage , this thing did NOT raise it up one degree.I even left it on all night and sealed up my garage tight and after 12 hours no change in temp . at all ! This thing would only keep you warm only if you sat on it !
 I bought this heater just before my girlfriend and I went camping . I had heard the temp was going to get into the upper 30 's and wanted it to take the edge off the chilly air in my 10 X 10 tent . It would n't even do that . I had heard from someone that I needed to break it in before it would start working well . I burned about 1/2 bottle of propane through it and you would still have to put your hand within 6 inches of the top of the heater before you could really feel the heat .
 Disapointing product.Could not warm a small closet.Tried it in a small deer stand and at best it was a hand warmer-if-you held your hands closely over it . Auto ignition stuck intermittently and failed to light .
 this is a nice little heater but doesnt really project to much heat . We use it in a canopy tent for tailgating and without sides you have to have your hands over the top of it it warm them up . Hand warmers seem to work better than this one for what we wanted it for .
 I used the Coleman Catalytic heater -LRB- 1,500 btu version -RRB- over the weekend , as did a friend of mine . We camp in the front end of a gooseneck horse trailer ; we each had our own trailers . These heaters were new out of the box . Did not heat the small space at all -LRB- only 30 degrees outside -RRB- , ditto on everyone else 's comment about the smell . Then in the morning the inside of our trailers -LRB- ceiling and walls -RRB- were COVERED with BLACK SOOT ; as were our faces and everything we coughed up for the next 8 hrs . The space was ventilated !! It was very scary to think about what we had inhaled all night long.The next comment will be directly to Mr. Coleman . If it was just my heater that did this , I would assume it was faulty . However , my friend had exactly the same experience with it . I would not recommend this product !!
 When I received the product only about 5 % of the catalytic material heated up . I had to adjust the material with an ice pick to make it the correct distance from the propane outlet . I was able to get it to about 30 % after adjustment . The electric start did not work before or after adjustment . Not a real happy camper .
 I have purchased several of these portable heaters over the years for tents , cars , trucks , and boats . This one was the most disappointing . I was in a car that broke down in Southern Ohio one winter night . I could barely feel the heat from this heater inside . I had some blankets which kept me warm until morning when someone came by . This heater is useless .
 For $ 35 , I expected this to come ready to use , but the hole in the top was not drilled straight , so the hanger did not fit . Rather than redrilling the top -LRB- which might ruin this poly resin it 's made of -RRB- , I 'll have to drill another hole in the bottom -LRB- made of wood -RRB- and it wo n't hang straight ...
 I did n't know that there was such a thing as hummingbird houses which this item was called . I assumed that a hummingbird would actually nest in it . I bought it hoping to keep at least one of my little friends around past October . It did n't work , when the time came to fly they were all out of here . I gave it to a friend . At least it looks cute hanging from a small tree adjacent to his deck .
 It was n't made clear enough that to get a reading from the gauge you have to pour very hot water on the gauge and propane tank . That is n't practical in alot of situations .
 It worked great the first year , everyone camping loved the hot shower . BUT , it quit working due to the rechargable batter not charging . I called Coleman , No Customer Service I can tell ya . I purchased a new battery from them , and it still would n't work . When I called the second time , I got the run around about who to call . Finally found the right person , and was told I would have to pay to ship it back to them to `` take a look '' at it . Repairs would cost additional to the shipping to Coleman and back to me . Heck , by the time you pay for all this ... you can purchase a BETTER product without all the hassle and no customer service from Coleman !
 High expectations with this product . It worked great during the few minutes of testing and cleaning while at home . But upon arrival at my vacation site a couple of weeks later I discovered the battery to be dead with it refusing to accept a charge . No chance of getting a replacement while out in the wilderness . Quite a disappointment .
 We really wanted to love this product . Compact , all in one , easy 1 pound propane using , actively pumped water , adjustable heat , on/off easy . Hot shower in the woods . Sounds great ! We used it at an off grid cabin , so it was not getting beat around or bounced around in the back of my 4wd truck . Great Concept BUT Extremely Poor Execution . This product is unfortunately an epic FAIL . I wanted it to work so bad , I bought three of these . Each one failed . The heater failed on each one after short periods of use . Cold water on demand . Zero for three .
 I purchased a coleman on demand water heater I used it once and it never worked again , but the coleman company does back up there product 100 %
 I bought the Coleman On-Demand Water Heater for use on a 30 day sailing voyage . It tested out ok at home with the exception that it wasted a lot of water before geting to the desired temperature . On a sea going sailboat water is a valuable commondity . Each time I used the heater it wasted at least a gallon of water . It finaly fell off of a bunk and fell to the cabin floor crunching the temperture control making it appropriate for the trash !
 Bought this when it was on at half price . Even then ended up returning it . The build quality is not of a very high standard . Out of the box we had many issues with leaks . Then the front control dial would only work at a couple of positions , so the product out of the box was not usable . Due to the obvious poor build quality rather than just return it for a replacement I could see that even if you get a fully functioning one , it may last you just long enough that you 'll have a faulty unit after your warranty is up , not to mention the coast and hassle of dealing with warranty anyway , and believe me at some point wou will need to do so if you aquire this .
 The hot water on demand only worked after you fixed some of the hose fittings . In fact the hose adapter broke and we then put in a brass replacement with Teflon tape and silicon caulking . OK but then the limit on the shower hose meant you had to put the unit up on a box to take a shower . Great idea that needs some improvement to be practical for any but the most hard core camper .
 So the thing with this device is the propane heater will stop working if the battery charge is low , and a little yellow light comes on telling you to recharge the battery , in which time the heater of the unit is disabled until the battery is recharged . Charging takes HOURS . I was getting one 10 minute shower out of the original battery ! I decided to get another battery so I can swap out the batteries if this happens again . Anyway , I get a brand new battery and the same exact thing happens , except , i 'm getting 10 seconds of use ! So , I decided to test the batteries with a volt meter and they are both fully charged and FINE . I put them on a 6-volt battery charger and guess what ? The battery is charged.Then , I decide to see what happens if I use it with the -LRB- purchased separately -RRB- hose adapter instead of the pump ... FINE ! No problem . Take long showers ! The battery light does not come on after a few minutes , in fact , you can take shower after shower.I 'm happy i found a workaround , but , I do n't really have running water . I 'm running another pump with a generator to make running water.So , long story short , the battery + use of the pump , does not cut it . I think the electronics are messed up and the battery light comes on at the incorrect voltage . I am not convinced the battery is too weak to operate the pump , because the pump keeps on running after when the heater is disabled and the little yellow light comes on.Why they did not allow this unit to be plugged into A/C power is beyond me.My advice , this unit is great if you have running water and need a way to heat it . Otherwise BUY A ZODI !!! --------------- I am updating my review , I called Coleman and they agree that the electronics are faulty so they are replacing my unit under warranty . which is nice . Although this is my third replacement , since the first unit I got did not ignite . Hopefully the third one will work properly
 I was very satisfied with this heater when I first purchased it . It is easy to use , produces both cold and hot flow with adjustable heat , has a built-in kitchen-sink like tap plus an optional shower head , uses either it 's own pump or a hose as water supply , and can be adapted to larger propane tanks if desired . It 's only minor downside is that it is rather large and heavy compared to other camping hot water heaters.Unfortunately , the heater stopped working less than a year and a half after I purchased it . Nothing would turn on , neither heater nor pump , and the only response I got from it was a yellow low battery light when I plugged in the AC charger.When I called Coleman I was advised that the rechargeable battery was faulty . However , they also told me that the batteries were out of stock and would not be available for another two months.When I called back in two months , I was told that the batteries were still out of stock and that I should call back again in another THREE MONTHS . I was offered no other options or advice.Rather than wait another three months -- with no assurance that the batteries would be available then -- I did some research on the internet and discovered that I could obtain the same type of battery from Batteries Plus . I purchased one of these batteries and left my old Coleman battery at the store for disposal . Unfortunately , the new battery made no difference . This time I used a voltmeter and confirmed that the new battery was indeed fully changed and putting out the correct voltage . It is unfortunate I did not make this check with the original battery instead of accepting the diagnosis of the Coleman representative.The heater is still broken , and I am left pondering whether or not it will be worth my while to ship it to Coleman for repair at my own expense . I enjoyed the heater very much while it was working , but I would not buy another . Despite its many excellent features , the heater 's short life and terrible product support make it poor value given its considerable price tag .
 I purchased this for when I go deer hunting in the North Georgia mountains . I am on my third unit . Both times the temperature knob broke and I was unable to use the shower . You can not just buy the knob . It needs to be sent back for repair.If you are planning to use it in cold weather -LRB- under 32 degrees -RRB- keep it , and the water stored someplace warm if at all possible . The battery will not hold a charge in cold weather . This means that the pump will run but the burner will not ignite . You will just have ambient temp water . This last time I kept the unit plugged into a 12 DC source until I was ready to use it . This seemed to warm the battery some at let me use the heater for about 30 second , then the burner went out.I buy a lot of Coleman gear but this water heater is very disappointing especially since I mainly purchased it for deer hunting/camping . On a positive note , when the weather is warm , the unit works flawlessly . I just have to give it a rating of 2 because it was a significant investment and I can not use it for which it was intended .
 I have had two of these units . Within a year , both units broke in the very same way . The battery charges but the unit behaves as if the battery is dead . I have confirmed the battery , and my spare battery , are both charged fine . It is great when it works.So , I highly recommend you also buy a solar water shower as a backup because this unit is NOT dependable . This weekend our solar water shower backup saved us ! Coleman products have really deteriorated in quality over the years . It is sad .
 Right now I am very unhappy with the Tiller . I 'm a female and live alone . Yesterday with the help of my sister , we tried and tried to get this thing put together -LRB- I just got it off Amazon -RRB- . It is just too complicated . We worked for at least a couple of hours on it . Right now it is sitting in pieces in a box . It might work just fine if you could get it put together , but I may never ever know . I 'm just hoping the next time a man comes over he can put it together for me . My advice for women would be not to buy this unless you have put things like this together before or if you have a husband or male friend that could put it together for you . I will never buy anything disassembled again on line .
 When I first owned it it was great . But after around 16 months or so I began to have problems . The power would cut out and I was often needing to press the reset button . It become more frequent and eventually I needed to replace the circuit breaker assembly.It cost me under a 100 dollars but it took forever -LRB- 2 months -RRB- to get the part from Mantis.I missed the spring tilling season-a big blow to me . The repair lasted a couple of weeks . I brought it back to the repair shop and was told it would need a new motor @ 260 dollars parts and labor . I am choosing not to repair it.Why throw good money after bad.I had expected 5 or 6 years of good use . It has been a big disappointment . Perhaps I should have shipped the tiller back to Mantis for repair but I had expected trouble free use in the first place . I have used electric products in the past . Once you accept less power and coping with a cord the plus ought to be an easy push button start and reliability . I feel ripped off !
 We assembled our tiller , put it in the ground , tilled approximately 6 feet of ground -LRB- no sod -RRB- , when the screws holding the handles together came off . We decided it was because the screws did not have locking nuts , so we stopped , drove 10 miles to the hardware to purchase locking nuts , returned and tried again . After tilling approximately 1 foot square area -LRB- again , no sod -RRB- , the bolts holding the handle to the unit snapped in two . ...
 I borrowed the Mantis from my mother since I had decided to overhaul my garden . She had just bought it by mail-order , so I assembled it for her . When I assembled it , I noticed that the handles were both skewed over to the right side , and no amount of adjusting could get them looking right . I suggested to my mom that it would be unsafe to use it like that since it would probably be unbalanced and hard to handle . She called the company , found a local dealer that was certified to fix Mantis tillers , took it to that dealer , and the dealer said it was supposed to look like that . -LRB- I think the dealer just did n't want to try and fix it . -RRB- So , I actually tried the Mantis , and it was terrible ! I had pretty compacted , rocky soil with viney weeds , and the Mantis was hopscotching all over the place as well as the weeds winding around the tines and snarling things up . I managed to dig a few inches into the soil with the Mantis , but I got really sore hands and wrists for 3 days as a result , and I still need to dig a deeper trench . I give the Mantis 2 stars because it turns on and off and it does dig a little , but if something cheaper is available , that product is probably just as good as the way-too-pricey-for-what-you-get Mantis .
 I was very skeptical of the ability of the Mantis to handle our stony , clay garden soil - we have a 3,000 sq ft garden , but I figured I 'd create some permanent paths and use a small tiller to work in premanent beds that could improve year after year . The Mantis propaganda and online forum comments implied this thing can handle anything . I ordered it direct from Mantis to get their 1-year money back guarantee . That was a good move ! I put the thing together - did n't take long - it did n't start too easily first time , but ran nicely - it seems to be well built . Then I tried using it . It took 15 minutes to get about 20 or 30 square feet tilled to a depth of 3 inches -LRB- and the tines * WERE * mounted correctly for tilling , not cultivating ! -RRB- In that time , I got one rock stuck so I had to remove one set of tines , then at the end , got a second rock stuck so good that the whole thing is going back to Mantis with the rock still in it for a refund . Maybe it can till organic matter into good soil ; maybe it can cultivate ... I bought the dethatcher/aerator kit and did n't even take it out of the box - maybe that would work well . But it does a poor job in tough soil . For what it 's worth , a Sears Craftsman 5HP rear tine tiller has a hard time with our soil , too .
 Received my Mantis Electric Tiller and put it together . Immediately took it out to the garden to start tilling . Started fine , and worked well FOR ALL OF THREE MINUTES - then a stone got caught in the tines and it locked up . I removed the stone , checked to see if the internal circuit breaker had been tripped , -LRB- it had n't -RRB- , and tryed it again - nothing ... as in dead . Checked my home circuit-breaker panel - ok there - checked to see that power was getting to the unit - it was - checked to see if the tine shafts could still turn -LRB- as in not jammed -RRB- - they could turn , ok there - went through and checked off all items in the -LRB- not very comphrensive -RRB- trouble shooting `` manual '' - ok there - but still dead . Tryed to call Customer Service at 3:00 PM PST - sorry , closed at 5:30 EST. . Now I 'm really getting p.o. 'd . Thought I 'd exercise some good old-fashioned self-reliance and take off the motor housing to see if there was some obvious and easily-fixed problem . Good luck - the screws holding the motor housing together have a special head , that unless you have the `` special '' tool , you ca n't even get in there . Frustration is now turning into rage.Called them again the next day at 6:30 AM PST - and the `` technician '' had no idea why it would n't run - `` Well , it 's only been on the market for a year -LRB- says he -RRB- , and we have n't accumulated a data-base yet on the problems '' . Gee , that 's just bloody SWELL!But , says he , we 'll send you another unit - just disassemble the old unit and box it up for us - and next week you 'll get another unit that you can reassemble and have another go at it.I 'll update this review after I get my `` replacement '' unit . So you might want to hold off on a purchase of an Electric tiller from Mantis . So far , I ca n't recommend it .
 I purchased a Mantis Electric Tiller from an online company for use in the raised beds in my greenhouse . The tiller arrived a few days later , assembled easily in lesss than twenty minutes , and performed surprisingly well ... over a peroid of four days for a grand total of about four hours . Then the reset button began tripping repeatedly , followed shortly thereafter by the tiller 's outright refusal to operate at all . As if to emphasize its refusal to work , the tiller then began issuing acrid smoke from the housing . Have yet to be able to locate the company who sold it to me , and have yet to speak to Mantis directly . I am hoping the manufacturer of the Mantis Electric Tiller will step up and replace their product as well as take measures to improve it .
 I ordered this from amazon as I do purchase frequently and usually have good results . Not so with this item . It was used once , maybe twice , when it stopped working
 I opted to purchase this despite some negative reviews from Amazon customers and I must say I 'm disappointed with this thermometer . Mine worked fine for a week and then broke ... it now says the temperature outside -LRB- not in my compost pile -RRB- is 135 degrees . For the price , I needed something sturdier . I will try a new brand .
 I teach how to compost in my high school class . I have other compost thermometers , but needed more . In my search , I came across these -LRB- Mantis 201101 -RRB- . I bought three based on the positive feedback . Wrong choice . One thermometer never worked . It took about three more uses for the other two to stop . Like a previous reviewer stated , the rod somehow turns and the dial turns along with it . I buy almost everything from Amazon . I never have a problem . I fully depend on the reviews , but never gave one . I felt that it was necessary for the buyers to know that these are junk and that Amazon did not stand behind them !!
 This temperature probe only lasted me about two weeks . I stuck it into my compost pile about 10 '' and when I tried to pull it out , the head of the unit popped off . I would n't say that I was pulling hard , I think it was a spot weld or just some friction holding it on , not very securely . Anyhow , I tried to put it back on but the unit would no longer show temperature changes .
 Unfortunately mine broke fairly quickly . The needle stopped measuring -LRB- it was stuck to the axle -RRB- . Next time I get a product half the price if it 's going to be disposable .
 The item was not packed well . . no instructions in the box ... and it seemed flimsy . I am still not sure if it is working .
 Do n't waste your money ! Does n't work at all ! Gave it to my father for a birthday present and do n't have the return stuff , so I am stuck with a nonworking thermometer .
 I bought this for my parents last year . It took me about an hour or so to put together by myself . The cylindrical body is constructed by flat sheet metal rectangles that you wrap around the circular disk that make up the ends and middle divider . I am sure if I had help , construction would have been quicker and easier.The doors are my biggest compliant . They are made of sheet metal material and make for a flimsy door . Also , the door hinges are not of rugged quality . They are merely bent tabs on the door that slide into slots of the cylinder housing . The paint quickly chips off the hinged area . Additionally , the springiness of the sheet metal door compounded with the hinge design makes the door clumsy to open and close . On top of this , if you want easy unloading of the composter , you will need to remove the doors . This is no big deal , but reattaching the doors is cumbersome.What I do like about this composter is that it is raised off the ground just high enough for my dad to roll his `` luv cart '' electric wheel barrow underneath and the compost dumps into it . This makes for easy unloading into the cart . This is imports for the following reason
 My `` guy '' is about 8 years old and the hinges which you have to struggle to put in place while battling the blazing sun and hoards of insects flying out , have rusted away . So now I am stuck with their price gouging for replacement doors . They could have designed a hinge that stands up to the made in USA pride , not made in China ha ha we tricked you quality .
 I love this composter except for one thing - the poorly designed clasps and openings . It is nearly impossible to open and close the bins to add material without sustaining an injury . I 'm writing this because I 'm so annoyed , one of the clasps just snapped open and cut my hand and I have a bruise now . Getting the lids on and off is a nightmare . It makes me not want to even use it.For the money I spent , I would expect perfection.If you have weak hands or arthritis in your hands you will not be able to use this easily .
 What a disappointment from Amazon.As much as we admire the great company and were grateful for the extended credit , the truth of the matter is that they a -RRB- never sent the complete product and b -RRB- never answered the multiple emails and letters for the past 3 month.Time and time again , we prodded , begged and asked to solve our problem and instruct us what to do with the partial payment . We 're still waiting.Is Amazon becoming too big at its own peril?Go figure.Efren95@hotmail.com
 I bought this compost maker and like another customer the turn handle was missing , I contacted Mantis and they sent me a new one after I sent them proof that I had purchased it , the compost I 'm getting is not really that high of quality , I 've had it for almost three months and turn it every other day , the grass clippings are almost whole and brown after three months and it doesnt work as fast . For the price I paid for I can get more dirt/compost from home depot than what this compost maker makes . I stay away from it if I would have to buy another one . It also attracks a lot of flies and it smells bad , so keep it distanced from your door steps .
 I was disapointed when I unwrapped this item , very expensive for what it is . a loose weave screen would do the same job .
 I bought this product along with composter -LRB- compost wizard jr. 7 cubic foot compost tumbler -RRB- . First , I examined the box trying to find ingredients , none of them was listed , so who knows what it is . It made me feel uncomfortable , because I do not know if it is there natural ingredient or some kind of chemical . Also , I would like to do some research on this product if it really works or not , but since there is no disclosure of ingredients , you stuck to `` take their word for it '' . Plus , what if you have an allergy for it , but since their no information what inside ; it can be a simple dust as far as I know.Second , I followed the directions and added this mystery chemical into my compost . I do not think it made a difference at all . My composter does its job with or without it just fine , it is black and generates a lot of heat , I water it or add greens to keep it moist , and turn it weekly . Did not feel any speed up whatsoever . Nature and composter do what they supposed to do without this gimmick . Do n't waste your money !! . To speed up the composting and introduce viable bacteria , I added -LRB- as book on composting recommended -RRB- about a gallon of already made compost which already contains all the necessary bacteria and organisms , so they can start working on new pile of compost .
 Product arrived on time , but packaging did not hold all of the composting material . There was about 1 cup of the small granuals -LRB- which smell like cat feces -RRB- inside the box shipped by amazon . This was going to be a tag along gift for the composter I bought , but did n't seem like that good of an idea to wrap it and give it to the sister in law given the condition of the box . I will update this review when the functionality of the product is assessed .
 i have never needed to add anything to my compost pile to get it to work.it is a slow go during cold months , but in the heat of summer you ca n't stop it.wet it , turn it , repeat.easy as that.tom
 It 's been sitting in my compost bin for more than a week , but the thing is not heating up , and I do not see any changes whatsoever
 Not great for burgers and chicken wings , the spaces in the grids are too big . Two stars for the price , but you get what you pay for ... -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I should 've listened to the first reviewer ! I 've seen the grille before and liked it enough , so that 's not the problem ... It came with a dented lid and the handle was broken into a dozen pieces . Hmmm ... I wonder if I got the first reviewer 's return !? This grille was shipped asembled in a taped up make shift carton that was not the manufacturer , s. I guess I 'll see how easy it will be to return .
 Our grill was delivered totally damaged due to bad packaging . The grill was placed in a box that was visibly too small for its contents with the dome part of the lid touching the top of the box . The dome was very crushed when it arrived . Also , one of the sides of the box was crushed which crushed the wheel and the mechanism that keeps the grill attached to the legs . We were leery about ordering another one and ended up purchasing a grill at Home Depot.In fairness to Amazon , they were most apologetic about the problem and were very quick to take back the product plus reimburse us for the item and the shipping fee to return it .
 I ordered this grill because we had one exactly like the one that I had ordered . I picked this grill because my husband just thought the grill was great but our old -LRB- very -RRB- grill was falling apart . I gave him the new one for Christmas . I was very disappointed in the shipping of the grill . The box that it was packed in was falling apart by the time that I received it . The main handle on the grill was broken . -LRB- I did n't send it back because it would have cost $ 28.00 to ship -RRB- . I believe that I can use the handle on the old grill and put it on the new grill . Other than the quality of shipping and the broken handle , I am pleased to have a new grill to replace our old AussieWalkAbout Grill
 got mine at home depot about $ 50 ; cheapest they had -- wanted a hibachi replacement like you used to buy for $ 10 at every drugstore.but they disappeared years ago . the chinese replacements use cheap metal and are generally unacceptable for many reasons you can read on the net.took 3 hours to assembleinstructions had at least two errors -- the old hibachi took ten minutes from box to usability.the lid is a useless PITA -- plop it on if you want to use it it but dont waste time screwing it onto the hingesno good way to get the grill close enough to the charcoal to cook good -- i used 20 pounds -LRB- two bags -RRB- to cookand it still took 10-12 minutes to do a hamburger . and they did not turn dark or get the grill marks on them like my old grill could do.after an hour of use it took over 20 minutes to fully cook a hamburger . might have been faster if i could lower the grill down to the coals.impossible to empty if the lid is attached . spilled charcoal ashes trying to dump them into a big bag.paint peeled after one use . i suspect the thin metal will burn through in one summer.it has an extra piece of metal that you can insert to help protect the bottom from burnthrough but it is too small to protect the sides . bigger -LRB- and add handles -RRB- and it could double as a good way to empty the ashes as well as protecting the thin metal the grill is made from.at least it was cheaper than the other grills . none of them look like they will work right.i need a grill that lowers to the level of the coals . anything higher takes too long and does not cook well . and remember i used 4x the charcoal that the hibachi would have needed.this thing is too expensive and underperforms . but didnt find anything better out there . hopefully by next year i will . and then i will dump this thing in the recycle bin for scrap metal .
 Purchased the grill from Home Depot and only got four months use out of it before my wife noticed that the paint was peeling off the bottom in large patches . Grill was stored in the garage and never left out in the rain . Appears to be heat related , but we never used excessive amounts of charcoal .
 Maybe I 'm not that smart , ... but this was pre-assembled and all we had to do was slide the tray in the grill and add charcoal . We let it warm up and after about 10 minutes there was an overwhelming smell of burning paint or plastic ? The charcoal was a normal kingsford type and there was never anything else added ... ??? We could n't get the smell to go away no matter what we tried . So , now our steaks remain in the fridge instead of our bellies ... great fun ...
 Well we like the BBQ but the first one we got was so damanged ! Dented , broken handles - had to send it back . The second BBQ only had a broken handle so we decided to keep this one - we were afraid to see what the next one would look like ! It was almost a joke at this point . If you buy this I would make sure you pick it up in person .
 Whatever the quality of the product , guys who designed a barbecue where you have to use hammer , screw and wrench , where manual has big drawing mistakes , when you need 30 min to figure out the back and the front should be banned from product design for life . Go to IKEA and learn some user experience lessons .
 This is my first experience with Home Direct delivery , and I am very disappointed . They never delivered the item becuase they tried one time to call me and could not reach me . Other shippers will just deliver the product without a call or without someone at home . I 'm sure the product would be good , but the service was terrible and I did not receive the product . I 'll just pay shipping on future orders so I wo n't have to deal with a substandard carrier .
 This is a good product . Unfortunately in my case it was not packaged properly and arrived damaged . So I had to return it . I was able to pick up the same product locally at a home imporvement store for the same price , so I did n't request a replacement.The price on amazon was lower than a department store , which in my town could never get them in stock.I was trying to replace the grill which had been in the family and working well for 7 or 8 years . So it is a quality product .
 this is really cute but the birds seem to have problems getting to the birdseed under the wings . I think it would have worked better had the wings not covered so far down on the sides . I took it down and put the original birdfeeder I had back up and the birds came flocking back . I am thinking of returning it .
 IM NOT PLEASED WITH THE AIR BED . THE COT ITSELF IS VERY HARD TO STAY OPEN WITHOUT A STRUGGLE , U HAVE TO USE SOMETHING TO KEEP THE LEGS OPEN OTHER WISE THEY MAY CLOSE UP ON U. HAD TO US TAPE TO KEEP THEM OPEN . THE MATTRESS ITSELF THE AIR EITHER SEEPS OUT OR THERES A SMALL HOLE SOMEWHERE U CANT FIND OUT HOW THE AIR IS GOING OUT . AGAIN NOT A HAPPY CAMPER .
 It is okay for a extra bed for company but my son slept on it and he weights 89 lbs and the rails bent that holds the cot part up would never purchase again would never let a adult sleep on it .
 This bed looked like the perfect answer for a camper who has difficulty getting up off the floor of the tent . However , we did n't test the mattress before we went camping and found that the mattress leaked ! Coleman is willing to replace it , but not in time for days of discomfort camping on a cot that is incredibly uncomfortable without a mattress .
 I thought of purchasing this replacement housing but ca n't get the original Auto feed housing off my GH 1000 . Yes , I removed the centre screw and pried on the unit!Having the same problem as many other owners of this poorly designed product -LRB- Black & Decker GH 1000 Grass Trimmer -RRB- . Used very little ... throws line out and chops it up.Yes I am using round line .08 '' . ** Is there a tap and go head that will fit this Model ?? Does anyone make a decent product anymore?No , you no longer get what you pay for !
 This spool cover does not fit the B & D Grasshog GH 1000 Type 2 weed eater . I purchased it in November , informed the seller that it did n't fit and had to wait several weeks for a note confirming that it did n't fit this model of GH 1000 . By that time , I had misplaced the original receipt . I 'd rate it 0 stars if that rating were available .
 A disaster . It does n't fit into the hedger . Issues w / the screww that fits it on not being screwable . . I 'll have to buy a new hedger . Too much time has elapsed for me to return it . The hedger is relaiable - the issue is that the replacement parts are not designed for the models purchased in 2006 .
 I ordered this right before a campout which was probably my first mistake but have never had a problem with Coleman before . Well I try to screw a hose onto this and could n't get it all the way in . Thought it was defective so sent it back to exchange , get the next one and exactly the same thing . It took two wrenches to get it on to where it would n't leak . Well since I do n't usually bring along a lot of tools when camping , just the minimum this just wo n't work . Very disappointed in it . It would be really helpful with my Hot Water on Demand but ca n't use it for the leaking . They need better quality control .
 Very Frustrating machine . It just stopped pumping water . I found an article on line that said it may have blown a fuse -LRB- nothing about the fuse in the manual -RRB- Sure enough the fuse was blown -LRB- I had to remove the whole cover , 7 screws and cut a water proof seal off the fuse to remove it and replace it . No simple matter getting it all back together . -RRB- After I replaced the fuse there was a few clicking noises but it still will not pump any water -LRB- let alone heat any water -RRB- . Even the short time it did work if the battery was low you were out of luck . You can not run it off the charging cords . I sure is n't reliable . Very disappointing .
 Made in china - about covers it would not tighten snugly to hose - leaked terribly and fitting instantly snapped off of the plastic piece of crap the second I barely touched it with a pair of channel locks in an attempt to get to stop leaking
 Purchased this item and had it several months before trying it out . Never worked !! No longer have box or info for returning . Just have to eat it .
 I bought this to use with the Coleman Hot Water Heater . The hose is much too short to use with a shower tent without raising the heater at least four feet.I took the fittings off and purchased a longer hose and now it works great with the heater on a more normal table height .
 The tubing is very stiff . Almost to the point of being unusable . You might be able to tear it apart and substitute better tubing if you 're handy .
 I am a collector of coleman lanterns . I have always used them when fishing and camping . I have 35 lanterns and camp stoves . Most of them are old , but work fine . My daughter bought this lantern at Amazon for me as a Christmas . It is the hardest lantern I have ever had to light . It smokes really bad for several minutes before the generator gets hot enough to vaporize the gas . Finally , after much smoking the mantle gets bright . I love Coleman products , but this one needs more fine tuning . I would n't recommend it to anyone . I will stick with the old one 's . I got a really nice one at a yard sale today for $ 5.00 . It works like they are supposed to .
 When I opened the product there was some slight damage , but only cosmetic from what I could see . I then followed the instructions precisely , and when I lit the lamp , the mantle burned off and everything looked good . Then I noticed flames coming from below the globe and generator , and tuned the lamp off at the fuel tap . It kept burning , and got worse . Then I realised the unit was leaking fuel from between the fuel tap and the tank , and there was no way to stop the fire . I covered my hands with flame retardant cloth , and very carefully and slowly released the pressure from the tank by unscrewing the fuel filler cap . This could have resulted in a much larger flame and fireball if the escaping vapour had caught fire . But it was the only way I could think of putting the fire out . The alternative was to let an entire tank of fuel burn out over the next 15 or so hours!When I got the fire out and it cooled down , the plastic electronic igniter had melted and there was quite a bit of damage to the lamp.If I was n't trained in fighting fires , this could have been a terrible disaster . I returned the lamp to my local coleman dealer , and they replaced it with a new one . Not sure I want one at all though now . : -LRB-
 I bought this to use on a recent camping trip and it would not work . It was my fault for not testing the item before I went on the trail , my bad . I had 5 other people with me on this trip , all with more camping experience , and no one could make it work . When I came home I placed another set of mantles on and tried again , still nothing . The worst part is now I 'm being told by Amazon that I can not return this item . This information would have been nice to know prior to my purchase seeing that I now have a $ 80.00 paperweight . I 'm very disappointed in this transaction . As I search through Amazon 's pages I can not even find a customer service e-mail address to ask about this . My bottom line is I have to leave a negative review here so hopefully others will learn from my mistake .
 I was disappointed in the fabric - the color faded out very quickly and it started to fray faster than my prior Valley Forge flag did .
 We did not buy that oven for warming up some sandwiches or pizza slices but to bake breads & cakes when we are out in the woods . And that 's where we are most of the time.Pro : Yes , you can bake your breads & cakes in that oven . It takes a few attempts to figure out the right temperature and baking time ... . but then it works -LRB- somehow -RRB- . Cons : After the first use , the oven starts twisting , the upper & lower panels behave like springs and can not be bended back into their original position . After each time the oven has been used , it becomes more difficult to fold it resp . to set it up again . Due to this circumstances , the oven looses a lot of heat and heats uneven ... . and be aware of the handle . It becomes as hot as the oven itself.Summary : We always look for alternatives before we decide for one product . Unfortunately there is none , as far as we know , for that specific oven -LRB- the only `` alternative '' is NOT foldable & operates with propane -RRB- ... . but if there were one around , it could only be better .
 This was ordered to replace the same product destroyed in a fire . I 've used them for years over a Coleman multi-fuel stove , and they work fine for baking . I was disappointed when the package for this new one did not contain the internal shelf . I 'd give it 4 or 5 stars if it was complete .
 It was delivered handle damaged product . Just do not be refunded due to shipping problems.Check the stuff , and sell it ...
 We tried and tried this thing and it will not come up to temperature . Big burner small burner . Finally a wrap of aluminum foil helped , more the better looked like the dough boy . Its a task.Look , its fun to use , its just not an oven , its kinda a warm warmer . Yes , given enough tin foil and time it would bake some cookies . Got rid of it . If you use it in a warm camper you have a better chance .
 This trap is an absolute piece of junk I have had other have a hard crap that were made of sufficiently strong wire this one is much too weak to hold anything of any strength the first time I use it I do n't know what I caught but whatever it was it escaped by bending the rear door locking bar squeezing out under the backdoor . They may make a trap that has stronger caging material but this one I would n't trust for catching a field mouseplease pardon my syntax and word composition as is related to the Dragon
 We have a koi pond in our backyard . Recently we noticed that there was a critter , possibly a raccoon , trying to catch the fish at night . The water plants were turned over , the netting we put over the pond was torn and fell in the water . So we bought this trap and set up the bait at the far end of the cage . The baits were taken twice but the trap door did not close . So we tried again by tying an additional string to the bait and the hook of the trap door release , hoping that when the bait was taken , the trap door would close . This time the bait was taken and the trap door closed without trapping anything . We found that the bait was probably fished out from the top of the cage as the bait was tied to a string . We either have a very smart raccoon or the trap does not work .
 I ordered to capture the stray cats out here that get dropped off . I ca n't get it to lock . I finally gave up and asked for an exchange only to find that that window expired . Not happy with item at all . Useless if it wo n't latch .
 I bought this trap to catch cats and raccoons . It works great on them both , trapping quite effectively and without any physical pain to the animal . The problem lies with it 's strength of the locking mechanisms.Raccoons are just too strong for this trap . A raccoon literally broke down the door trying to get out . It got out and trashed the trap . Not sure if its fixable or not . It broke out on the `` in '' door , not the release door.Works great on cats though . Cats are mean . The other cats in the neighborhood kept coming up and peeing on the trapped cat.EDIT on 14JUL212 . Still works well for cats , but I 've noticed that not only are cats mean , they 've very stupid . I catch the neighbors cats over and over . Same cats . I 've always thought cats were very stupid , now I have proof.Raccoons on the other hand , are very smart . I caught a juvenile raccoon and the mother would n't leave without her . The other 2 juvenile 's climbed a tree while the mother was hissing and growling at me . Then , and this is no lie , the mother raccoon goes over to the trap and starts fumbling around with the locking mechanism AND LET 'S HER BABY OUT . Raccoons are rotten neighbors . I wish this trap had more of a guillotine set up . That way , I could literally Haveaheart . Maybe have a good night 's sleep as well.Also , and this is important , if you do catch a raccoon , make sure you run a bar through the entry door . There is a loop there that is made for a bar to fit through . This prevents the racoons from getting out during transport . Also very important , I live in Seattle and most of the raccoons here have distemper . You 're better off just shooting them before they spread it to your dogs or possibly your cat or other racoons .
 There are many traps to buy & this will do the job but they make easier traps that are n't so hard to set .
 The one I ordered had one major defect
 The edges of the cage caused a few scratches upon assembly . Assembly was OK ... a bit difficult to follow as the diagrams/pictures were often on a page other than the verbiage . The trap worked well . Someone stole the first bait that I put out -LRB- bacon and chicken -RRB- but the Swiss cheese rinds caught the opossum that I was after . Unfortunately -LRB- possibly due to sharp edges -RRB- there was a fair amount of blood in the cage .
 The weather here in Philadelphia has been very cold and snowy . I bought this trap to catch one of my cats that is outside and wont come in . We keep setting the trap , the next day the food is gone , but no animal in the trap . Followed all the directions . Was a pain putting together , but I think we got it right . I do n't know if we are doing something wrong or if it is the trap .
 This trap is only good enough for catching squirrels . Raccoon escaped several times by putting pressure on the trap door and squeeze out of it . The idea that this could happen while I were transporting raccoon in my car to the nearby park is very disturbing . Do yourself a favor - hire professional help or shop for another trap . This trap is big disappointment and waste of your time .
 You have to setup and build the trap yourself . Everything went fine with the build until I had to setup the connection between the plate spring and the trap door . The metal hook had to be bent to get into the loop on the trap door mechanism . The plate that springs the trap is not sensitive enough . I baited the trap with some chicken bones and noticed that something had gone into the cage . It pulled the bones outside of the cage without springing the trap.Bottom line
 I liked this product for cat trapping . An infestation of cats emerged and the animal control failed to help and would rather deal with barking dog complaints from idiot neighbors than deal with nuisance cats , so I had to take this matter in my own hands.This cage helped at first and I was able to catch multiple feral cats but after that I was disappointed that the latch mechanism would n't latch anymore because the cheap metal became loose , therefore making this product useless . A waste of my hard earned cash , especially wasted on insignificant beasts .
 Set up the 1089 trap with cat food . Aimed my motion-detector video camera at it . At 1:00 AM a medium sized raccoon entered it , ate some food , triggered the trap , turned around , and pushed his way out under a corner of the trap door . Hardly slowed him down at all . See the actual escape , caught on a motion-detector camera , here :[ ... -RSB-
 When I first received this trap it seemed flimsy but I figured that it would work for my needs . The first night ... 1 small baby raccoon . After getting rid of that raccoon I noticed that the trap door was bent but I was able to bend it back into place . Second night another baby raccoon but this time the `` release door '' was bent inwards . I fixed it and set it out the next night . I checked the trap in the morning and noticed that the `` release door '' was nearly pulled right off of the trap , and of course it was empty -LRB- must 've been mommy -RRB- . In my opinion , this trap would work well on cats and other less aggressive animals . This trap is not sturdy enough for raccoons as they are too aggressive and destructive . I threw this one in the trash and ordered a Tomahawk Live Trap and WOW what a difference in quality .
 The trapped raccoon was able to bend this cage and escape , leaving a bloody trail . The animal was injured by this ineffective product .
 Had a stray coming through my doggie door and eating all my cat 's food and pissing on my furniture , so when my new trap showed up I put it right to work . Followed the instructions for assembly and grabbed a can of tuna . Within 15 minutes , BAM ! I had a trapped cat . That was too easy . Picked up the occupied trap and the cat started hissing and spitting at me . But , then when I started carrying him to my truck for a 10 mile ride to a new home , he started charging both ends of the the trap . I set the trap down to calm him down , when all of a sudden ... it happened !!! He charged the door end of the trap hard and ... HE WAS FREE AND RUNNING . WTF ! That 's not supposed to happen ! I had that sucker and now he 's gone for good . He 'll never go back in that thing again . I want my money back !!!
 Bought this unit to trap a nuisance armadillo . It worked to trap him , on the second night I set it out . Unfortunately because the construction of the unit is too weak , the armadillo was able to bend the metal , open the door and escape . Too bad .
 We found that the mechanism that closes the trap -LRB- a curved spring -RRB- is too strong . This results in the trap door closing quickly and violently . While it is true that the animal should be beyond the point beyond where the door comes down - and therefore safe - that may not always be the case . In our case we were trying to trap a mother cat with kittens . If one or more of the kittens follows her into the trap and she trips it they could be injured -LRB- or worse ! -RRB- . I realize that the object of the manufacturer is to have a mechanism that closes quickly and securely but this just seems too strong . We purchased a True-Catch trap that we saw at the local Humane Society and that we liked much better !
 The Havahart trap looks like it should work well , however the hook & latch assembly for keeping the door open did n't line up properly , & was at least 1/2 '' from being able to be latched -LRB- used at all -RRB- & I had to have a friend use pliers to bend the 2 parts so they would connect properly . I made no mistakes in assembly , & nothing in the assembly could have been adjusted any differently , so I do n't know why it did n't allign properly . It was so big & cumbersome I did n't want to disassemble & return it , & figured `` jury rigging '' it would be the best option . Have n't had a chance to use it yet . Out to trap neighbor cats stalking & killing birds at my feeder & birdbath -LRB- to return them to their owners with a warning , Humane Society would be their next drop off point -RRB- . I have also had a skunk visitor , but if I trap him , then what ???
 Wow , I am at a loss for words how bad this product failed . I purchased this product to catch feral cats that have been mutiplying in my town home complex for some time and their presence has become a nuisance . So , I searched the web for cat traps and it brought me to the Havahart 1089 , and I was excited to finally have a solution for me and my neighbors ' cat problems . So today , 4/24/2012 , after days of acclimating the cats to the trap I decide that this is the day to trap . Cat # 1
 I 've had 3 raccoons escape from this trap . The first one tore the back door off . It 's held on by two hinges - I reattached it and strengthened it with 4 more hinges I made from wire coat hangers.The next two were somehow able to put enough pressure on the trap door to be able to squeeze out of it . The only way they ca n't get out is if I re-enforce the top and sides of the cages with big cement blocks .
 The cage was a bit difficult to assemble but not too time consuming . However , after assembly we found the cage does not stay open for more than a few seconds . It keeps closing at the very slightest touch . It would not work for trapping an animal because the animal might have the door close down upon them before they were fully in the cage . We have contacted the seller and they told me to contact the manufacturer . I have tried to do so many times , but repeatedly get a `` busy '' signal with that phone number . The cage is still sitting here and I do not trust to use it on an animal . Something is wrong with this cage .
 This is a piece of junk . The gauge of the wire is too small . A squirrel has no trouble bending the back of the trap enough to escape . A squirrel also has no problem bending the top of the cage upward sufficiently to release the latch on the trap door on the front so as to escape . A racoon has no difficulty doing either of these two feats as well as generally deforming the cage so as to open multple paths of exit . The seller pridefully asserts that the cage is made in the USA , so I guess junk can be made in the USA too .
 I sent for the Coleman Camp Coffeemaker with the steel base with great expectations only to be disappointed twice . I received the first one and the grounds basket would not stay closed . It would easily pop open on its own during the brew process . I sent it back for an exchange and Amazon responded quickly with out question . Only to find the second one had exactly the same problem with the basket not staying closed . So I am sending the second one back also for a refund this time . This could be an extreme safety hazard when using a propane stove not to mention the burn possibilities .
 Why cart this awkward contraption around when you can just pick up a Melitta cone and make your coffee straight into your cup or a thermal carafe ? For me , camping is about simplifying , and choosing gear that multi-tasks -- not duplicating the majority of my household appliances or lugging along more stuff to clean .
 I see all these wondrous reviews , with a few exceptions , and then I try it . It leaks everywhere and requires too much pressure to start the flow through the spout . I 'm using a brand new can of Coleman fuel , the funnel and seal look normal , and I 've made sure to securely tighten the funnel . It still leaks like a sieve as soon as I tilt the can . Has anyone figured out why some of us are finding it unusable ?
 Even though the lantern I purchased came with a funnel , I wanted to try this out as an alternative.Upon installing it on the end of the Coleman fuel can , I tipped it to check for leaks . None out of the end of the spout , but lots around the threads . After tightening it a bit more , I checked again . A bit less leakage , but still present . After applying monkey torque to the filler , it seemed to stop leaking , but it took lots more force to remove it . The strong spring to keep the filler shut is great except that it takes one hand to hold the lantern and one to pour . With a one gallon flimsy can it is difficult to safely do .
 Maybe it arrogance or just being lazy , I keep hopping that each time I use this thing it will live up to it reputation and not spill a drop . However , it never does . Leaks at every point that there is a crack , not a lot but a definite puddle of fuel . Then when you remove it -LRB- from the lantern or stove -RRB- , splash more fuel comes out . Never liked it after the first use , but its become a staple joke at our camp as for how much fuel it spills . We almost take bets on how much .
 Unfortunately this fuel filler do not match with European Coleman fuel bottle , it is unusable in Europe .
 When my Coleman stove arrived , it came with a funnel . There was no need to purchase this additional funnel whose shipping charge was about the same as the cost of the funnel .
 The 4 set of bars are flipped .3 bars are on the lower right.It 's a shame to have this kind of flag.It 's like having 50 stars on the lower right on the US Flag.I ordered 2 and trashed them all .
 The bat house is built solid , but with inferior materials . The back board is regular plywood which swells when it becomes wet . The screws holding together are not stainless and will rust . It is not worth the asking price in my opinion .
 I bought this several years ago from a local Lowe 's store and it worked great . I just sprayed it on my lawn and the moles/gophers were gone within a week . A few years later , the gophers came back , so I went to Lowe 's to buy some more . Unfortunately , they no longer carry it . I live in California where the laws regarding chemicals and pesticides are stringent . I would n't be surprised if it ca n't be sold here.So , I checked around and found Mole Stop on Amazon and bought two bottles . This time , it did nothing . I do n't know if they changed the formula , or if they have a different version for California , but I sprayed it on my lawn three times and the gophers remained .
 I bought the bed because my family was in town for my son 's wedding . My eight year old niece slept on the cot ; given her light weight , there was no problem there . The bed was difficult to set up ; the bar that goes across the top was a challenge . I purchased the pump to inflate/deflate the mattress ; however the mattress ca n't be deflated . I have tried everything I could think of to get the pump to deflate the mattress ; I 'm stumped and would appreciate any suggestions . I have n't used the bed since my family left ; I had to stuff the half-inflated mattress into the closet -LRB- what a drag -RRB- . I 'm disappointed with both purchases .
 I purchased this bat house thinking it would be a well made product . It looked good when it arrived , explains all the positive reviews , but after a month or two mounted on a pole the back panel fell apart -LRB- see posted pics -RRB- making it uninhabitable by bats , which it the whole point of having a bat house . I contacted seller to no avail . Hard to believe it is actually made of exterior grade plywood the way that it disintegrated . This product is worthless for attracting bats , since it does not seem to be built with materials that can last through a single breeding season . After reading the more of the reviews on this product it seems that others have had similar experiences . Wish I saw/believed them before purchasing .
 The back of this bat house - a piece of plywood - has become de-laminated after just 8 months outside in the weather . I doubt it was exterior rated plywood . I will be contacting the manufacturer . Terrible .
 I believe I hung this up two or three years ago . I know there are bats around , but not in this house . Construction seems good , but at this point in time , it is only a nice cedar showpiece .
 I was excited to get this as a gift . I painted with a black water based paint as suggested and installed it on a 20 ' pole . The problem I have is that after a few months the back board is starting to delaminate and looks like it is going to rot . If I was going to sell an item that would be out in the weather I would use materials that are resistant to moisture , like cedar , or a marine grade wood . This obviously is not the quality that I thought . I would not purchase this item and would simply find a better quality one .
 The material this cover is made from is n't significantly thinker than a garbage bag , meaning it tears very easily . The first wind storm shredded it .
 When my generator starts - it quits for several seconds and restarts . The company ca n't solve the problem and does not answer my letters.If you ca n't live by your warranty you should not sell it .
 I purchased this generator in the fall of 2003 due to a smaller unit giving up the motor . The smaller unit had lasted 5000 hours . I had high hopes due to the Generac name and supposed ease of installation . The price also was attractive.The nightmare begins
 I paid an electrician to install the generator and it worked fine . It started up and seemed to run the circuits that he had connected to it . Hurrican Wilma came in and the power went out - it dutifully started up on the automatic transfer feature . We were scared of the storm but were happy that we would have power . I shut it down during the eye of the storm so that I could turn it back on after the back half of the storm went through -LRB- much worse than the front end -RRB- . I started it up and it ran for about 2 minutes then stopped - never to start again . At first it would start and run for 5 seconds - now it sounds like the starter wo n't even engage the flywheel . I have a neighbor who purt in a larger Generac unit and the same thing happened to her - it ran for an hour - shut down and would never start again . The local service people do not want to come out as Guardian does not pay them enough to fix anything - I can not even get on anyone 's list . We did not prepare for `` no generator '' in this storm and we suffered for it . Also , another worrisome problem is that it is rusting badly and has only been outside for 3 months - the hinges are all rusted and top of the unit is also rusting badly . I can not get anyone on the phone at Guardian and they do not answer emails except to say to go local service people . DO NOT buy this unit - you will rue the dayUpdate - it is now February - Guardian did replace the rusted panels but they are still sitting in my garage waiting for a service tech to come out and repair the unit -LRB- it still does n't work -RRB- The repairs are apparently `` weather related '' duh !!! So they are not sure they are going to fix it under warranty - the first company I hired made three appointment and never showed up for any of them - when I called them to inquire -LRB- yeah I was testy -RRB- why they had n't come for the 3rd time they told me that if I ws unhappy - go elsewhere - well I have not yet identified anyone but my neighbor around the corner who had her 25KW unit fixed -LRB- after it broke after 1 hour -RRB- appears to be happy - trying to get ahold of her to find out who she used . By the way - I bought a gas generator for a backup backup - David Snetsingersnets@bellsouth.net
 The starter motor failed within the first 6 months . The installer did not correctly diagnose the problem , and Generac was of no help . It was only after I found a post on the Internet about this problem that I was able to get the generator fixed . Generac `` played dumb '' not acknowledging thatthey had many problems with the starter and finally replaced it with an improved unit . The cabinet is now rusting out , even though I waxed it annually and sprayed the interior with WD-40 several times a year . The generator is very loud and fuel consumption is high .
 Do not waste your money on this item . I bought it and from the first time I used to irrigate the container leaked from the bottom . I had to silicone seal it to be able to use it .
 i bought wrong product . when i looked at picture i thought i was buying the bench . didnt care about the cushion . Now they have a cushion & no bench .
 We 've used this cot , both with the air mattress and without , and it is so noisy ! When you move while you are sleeping the material on the cot pulls against the metal frame and makes so much noise that it wakes up you and whoever is in the same room or tent with you . I suppose the cot gets the job done . You have a somewhat comfortable place to sleep . But waking up everytime you move does not make for a restful night . I 'm almost tempted to write to Coleman and see if they 've had similar comments about the cot .
 We just got this in the mail yesterday and I am returning it today . It is so squeaky - imaging every tiny move that you make creates this crazy loud noise ! I am not exaggerating - the noise is so loud . It is the material that is tied to the metal frame - there is so much tension ... and it created this loud squeaky noise . Spend a little more and get something that really works .
 The frame for this cot collapses if moved even slightly . Not at all suitable . However , this company , Bargain Outfitters , is FANTASTIC . When I discovered that it collapsed , I contacted them and they allowed me to return it . I would purchase from them again .
 The lantern lit up when I pulled it out of the box which was pretty impressive . After letting it run through the battery the first time I recharged it again and the bulb flickered once and would n't turn on again . I tried recharging it again and it seemed to work for a few minutes.Now only the night light seems to work but the main bulb does n't work at all . I hope I can return this .
 I purchased this lantern to have on hand in the event of a power outage . I 've had it plugged in charging for two years and my opportunity came last week . The light lasted 3/4 hour.I 've read another customer review wherein the user stated that the included charger was of too high voltage -LRB- 13.5 Volts -RRB- , so I tried one of a lower voltage -LRB- 12 Volts -RRB- , which did solve another problem -- there being no difference between hi and lo settings , but the light on hi lasted only about 20 minutes.This lantern is going to be out with my trash Monday . Aside from the two aforementioned problems , it is also way bigger than it needs to be , doubtless for that retro look . I just received two other lanterns from Amazon , Rayovac SE3DLN Sportsman Extreme 300-Lumen LED Lantern , which is compact , so far works well -LRB- I am impressed by the quality of the light -RRB- , and uses reliable D-cells ; and , theFreeplay Indigo Lantern , which is compact and has a crank generator . However , the light quality of the Freeplay is not as good as the Rayovac and I have not had it long enough to ascertain its reliability . It is my opinion that one should not be reliant on just one technology for difficult events .
 I bought four Coleman rechargeable lanterns and they were great for one year . When I wrote the company -LRB- no way to call -- fair enough but 6 weeks is a LONG wait for a response in anyone 's book . -RRB- they responded that I needed to pull the switch -LRB- the problem -RRB- and then BUY new ones for all four lanterns , mail the old switches back to them and then they would ship me new ones . Forget it . I 'm done with Coleman lanterns anyway . And they could use a serious reworking in their customer service department . I 've heard GE makes a good lantern .
 Bought 2 of these specifically for when there are power outages in my area . Liked the idea of using D cell batteries , which are easier to obtain . One lantern failed right away and the other one did last a little longer . Not a good buy for when you need emergency lighting . Had always trusted the Coleman name , but have my doubts now . Will be very cautious when buying Coleman products again .
 This was a good lantern for our camping trips last summer , but fast forward 5 months and pull it out of the closet to charge up in preparation for those winter storms - dead . Well , the nightlight worked for a while - but it wo n't charge at all . I borrowed a charger from a friend to see if that was the fault , but that did not solve the problem . Looking at the reviews here and on Colemans website , it seems this is a common problem where the lantern has not been used for an extended period . This is the second rechargeable Coleman product that has failed in less than 24 months of ownership . Disappointing - heed the warnings here - you might just be buying a disposable lantern .
 This would be a great lamp for those living -LRB- or visiting -RRB- areas with unreliable electricity except that the switch will inevitable wear out . Mine started malfunctioning -LRB- that is , the switch and thus the light -RRB- after regular usage for about 6 months . The problem is , the switch rubs against a metal plate and eventually -LRB- and inevitably -RRB- , the plate will wear down to the point where the switch no longer makes significant enough contact with the plate . Poor quality choice on the part of Coleman and impossible to fix on your own unless you 're a electrician and have the right tools -LRB- not sure you could actually replace the plate though since Coleman does not offer a replacement -RRB- . I totally do NOT recommended purchasing this lantern since it 's clearly not made to last .
 This is the second lantern that has failed . The first would not hold a charge . The second one died after 20 minutes . If you are thinking about buying this one , do a search on Amazon and see the other `` Retro '' listing -LRB- same product -RRB- with negative reviews . Very very disappointed .
 In this day and age how is it possible that the electric lantern has n't been perfected ? This worked as expected a couple times , then it broke . Judging from the number of other reviewers , this should be considered a very expensive disposable light .
 Purchased this around 5 years ago , worked fine for a couple of camping trips , however like many others , with regular use the switch fails to turn the main light on . Night light continues to work.I took it apart and fiddled with it trying to get the main light to stay on to no avail . Guess I will just stick to the standard old fuel lantern .
 Worked fine for 1 year but now will no longer hold a charge . Do n't buy this junk .
 Review updated 6/29/2012 . I thought we would love this lantern . It 's really neat looking . However , the first one I got would n't work . Seemed like the switch was bad . Returned it for replacement . It actually worked a time or two . We kept it charged and thought we were ready when the power went out . But no such luck . It seems the switch is bad on this one also . From reading the reviews I can see that this is a common complaint . If you are considering buying this item change your mind . It 's not worth the price or the hassle ... and it does n't work .
 I like the lantern itself . It 's bright enough and the battery makes it heavy enough to be very stable.But it does not come with the 12v cigarette lighter plug adapter , -LRB- part # 501000320 -RRB- which is clearly listed in the ` products features ' I send an email to Amazon stating the problem and requested the adapter.Amazon responded by FedExing me a new lantern which I got the next day . -LRB- I order many things from Amazon even if they are higher just because of this service . -RRB- The new lantern ... same missing item.I sent an email to Ron 's Hardware , who distributes these lanterns . They totally ignored me not even offering me the courtesy of an excuse.The bottom line is , it 's a great lantern if you do n't think you need the 12v adapter . I expected it and considered it a necessary part of the purchase .
 I purchased this lantern on the basis of the very favorable reviews listed here . It is a heavy lantern , best suited to jobs such as providing light at home during power outages . But the lantern I bought failed to light after the required 18 hour charging period before its initial use . Failed to light after the second 18 hour charging attempt . Failed to light after a 44 hour charging , when , as before , the charger was connected to a wall outlet and the lamp 's charging light glowed with a reassuring red color . Yet the main bulb seems to be in good condition . I 've owned two Coleman gasoline lanterns for nearly 50 years with hardly any problems . It 's repacking the thing and paying shipping charges -LRB- $ 18.00 -RRB- for a nine pound item to return it to Coleman in Kansas for repairs that 's especially irritating . Total cost so far , including Amazon shipping charges , is about $ 70.00 . The lantern I sent to Coleman on August 6 was never repaired , nor was a replacement sent to me . For some reason Coleman sent a refund check which I received on October 6 !
 This is the second one and it too has failed . Coleman was very nice in replacing the first one after it would not recharge . Now the electricity went out and it worked for 20 minutes and quit . And when it did work , there was little difference between high and low setting ... if it mattered . I notice there is another Retro Lantern on Amazon which looks the same but has high ratings . I strongly advise to research this model and think twice before buying . Now I have to look for one that works !
 I charge this thing for like two days and it can only last 2 hours . It never tell whether the battery is full or not . I definately wont take it for camping it 's not reliable at all.Another thing is this latern is not allowed to return to Amazon.com . You will have to take it to local disposal to dispose it.Customer service is nice though .
 This is a great lantern ... IF you can charge the battery . The first one we ordered had to be replaced because the battery would not charge . The replacement worked wonderfully for one weekend camping trip . When trying to recharge the battery as instructed , it only charged enough for the night light to illuminate . We are returning it for a refund . I would not recommend this product . I really appreciate Amazon 's customer service !
 The Coleman lantern I purchased was the largest one offered . Compared to my kerosene lantern , the kerosene lantern gives off more light and lasts longer . I was extremely disappointed . I would n't buy one again . This is n't any better than having a regular flash light.Coleman Retro Rechargeable Battery Powered Lantern -LRB- Family Size -RRB-
 If you want more accurate reviews , go to the Coleman website for this lantern . Next to no one is happy with it . It lasts a year and then is n't working when you need it . NO REPLACEMENT BATTERY AVAILABLE . A total rip off . Many others like myself bought it for emergencies/power outages but the lantern loses a charge in 10 minutes . If you would have asked me to review within the first year , I would have given it a glowing review also . This is a throw away lantern , so know that before you buy it . Better yet , find something else .
 I really liked this lantern at first - cool retro design , rechargeable , very good light output . But , like I 've seen reported in many reviews , after a few campouts , only the night light works . The main bulb blinks on for a split second , but that 's it . I agree with the common assessment that the switch is not reliable . I actually took the lantern apart -LRB- out of warrantee so what the heck -RRB- which was not that easy . 12 screws in 3 different locations . The switch knob is also really hard to get off . Even if I manage fix it I 'm not sure I will be able to get the knob back on . The wires connecting the bulb socket are not well soldered . I ended up resoldering 4 of them as they continued to snap off . The problem is definitely the switch since I can get the bulb to work by jumpering across the switch with wires . No way to replace the switch - it 's built into the circuit board . I may bypass it and install a separate switch myself . I do n't really care about the night light or the `` low '' mode.So unless you feel like doing a home electronics project , I would n't recommend getting this lantern .
 Seems as though I am not the only person who liked the design enough to give Coleman a second chance after the first lantern failed , and then had the second one fail . That 's about $ 100 spent on trying to get a working lantern . As the others reported , problem seems to be in the switch . Battery charges fine , but no juice to either the fluorescent or the incandescent night light . Not sure I want to bother to ship it to Coleman -LRB- heavy and expensive . -RRB- Too bad -- it would have served my purposes in an off-grid cabin perfectly.I have on older model , rectangular shaped rechargeable Coleman that has been working for years , and the fluorescent tubes are available in most stores . but it lacks the brightness of the retro model .
 This lantern ceased to function due to a bad rotary power switch . The switch was hinky when I first got the lantern , but it worked if you played with it . Now it will not work on either of the fluorescent settings ; only with the night light.My lantern was used only a few times , as it is kept at home on charge , standing by for power outages . But even those few uses were enough to render the switch totally unusable.I tried to service the switch and found it integral with circuit board . I understand there is a warranty , but the heavy weight makes it expensive , and not worth it , to ship back to Coleman for repair.Other negatives
 Impossible to find the right replacement bulb ! I 've tried every avenue from Amazon to the chains and NO ONE carries this bulb.When the bulb burns out -LRB- and it will in no time -RRB- it 's land fill material.Coleman is not what it once was . Last three items were garbage .
 I bought this lantern when we quite suddenly did n't have power for a couple of days due to a major storm . Worked great for my immediate need - charged it up and could use it in the house as I maintained the fires in the wood stove and fireplace overnight . After we had power back , I kept it plugged in charging in case of need but nothing came up for several months . I then brought it back out for a roadtrip and all again worked well/easily . Fast forward to just over a year from initial purchase and I was testing the lantern for the upcoming winter - when the storms are at their worst and it 's most likely that we 'll lose power . Nothing . The charging light comes on , the lantern charges for hours or days at a time , but I get absolutely no light . If I hit the switch just right I 'll occasionally get one brief flash of light that at least tells you the bulb is working , but nothing I can do will make the light actually turn on.I 'll be getting another rechargeable lantern , because I still have the need . But it wo n't be this one .
 Lamp was great till the switch crapped out . I noticed that another reviewer had similar issues . Too bad . It was great while it lasted ...
 The light bulb burned out shortly after I received this lantern . I 've been trying to find a replacement and have had NO luck at all . No one has it , not even Coleman.Why the heck did they use such a customized bulb for this product if they were n't going to keep making it !!!????!?? If anyone knows where this bulb is available please let me know.I 'm very disappointed with Coleman for this ...
 Coleman Lantern ReviewWeak Plastic & Small ScrewsWARNING
 used twice , the main light just flickers and never turns on . The night light is still functional . Based on what other reviews seems like a common problem .
 Bulb burns out after 8-10 uses and no replacement is sold anywhere !! Rechargeable is n't good enough if you ca n't replace the bulb . Do not buy .
 These Chinese made Coleman lanterns have a defect in the rechargeable battery . Most of them can not be recharged more than a few times ! Seriously . Go to the coleman web site and read the reviews on this product . I have one that I have to toss even though it 's seen very little use . Just like the majority of other reviewers on the Coleman site , mine wo n't hold a charge even though it 's seen less than half a dozen charge cycles .
 This lantern worked great until the light bulb blew out during a long power outage . Then I found out that the replacement light bulbs are nowhere to be found , even when ordering from Coleman direct . The bulb , ETU-HS S11W -LRB- part no. 5010000244 -RRB- has been `` temporarily '' out of stock for over a year at Coleman and everywhere else I could search online and in big box stores . It appear that Coleman changes the light bulbs with every model and discontinues the older models . This makes these lanterns effectively disposable . My co-worker ran into a similar problem with another Coleman product . This is looks suspiciously like a scam to force you to buy new models . I will be avoiding Coleman brand from now on even if it costs substantially more .
 I have bought 2 of these lanterns and they are not worth the money . There is something wrong with the switch and it quits working after 20 or so times of turning the lantern on . The same thing happened to both of my lanters , so it must be a defect for the whole line of products . Also , there is no way to remove the switch to replace it . It is made in one piece with the base of the lantern . I will not purchase another one of these or anything similar . I thought Coleman was suppose to be a good brand , but evidently not .
 This lantern worked beautifully when I bought it . It barely needed recharging through 3 camping trips and one power outage . But now , while the nightlight works fine , the bulb flashes on for only a second when I turn it on . I 've charged it up overnight , but still the bulb only flashes for a second.I 'd like to change the bulb to see if that 's the problem . However , I ca n't find bulb replacements anywhere . The unit still looks brand new ! It 's shiny and well cared for . But it wo n't work . Check the Coleman site . There are many reviews that say the same thing I 'm saying . It was rated 1 or 2 stars overall on that site .
 It worked great for a year - several camping trips - then the bulb broke . I have been driving around with the remnants of the bulb for two years - checking everywhere I have been for this damn thing ... Yes , of course I checked the internet ! Several people list them , on further inquiry NONE in stock !! Lots of people willing to hold your money while they put your name on a `` backorder '' list . Coleman - you blew it with this one bulls *** item . Turned to trash over a light bulb - Shame on you !
 I only had this lantern only a few months , and used it properly , according to all the directions in the book . The lantern does not charge the battery properly , and only the night light works . Coleman customer service is rude and argumentative , and they argued that I did not use the lantern properly . Customer Service insisted that I needed to buy a new -LRB- expensive -RRB- battery form an authorized seller . When tested professionally , the battery is fine , but the wiring of the lantern is faulty and defective . The night light option is now the only part that works . This was a very expensive night light . I will not purchase another Coleman product , because they do not stand behind their warranties , and their customer service is deplorable .
 I have two of these lanterns . Unfortunately I have to throw them away while they are still practically in new condition . I mistakenly did not keep enough charge in them while they sat and now the batteries will not accept a charge . I looked on the Coleman website and they do not offer new batteries in their list of available accessories for this item . What a waste ! If you are not able to plug these lanterns in at regular intervals , do n't bother ! Keeping them charged is too much trouble for me since I only use them seasonally and they get packed away the rest of the time .
 What a piece of junk bought this about little over a year ago kept the battery charged but when I needed it during a power outage it did n't work test the battery it was ok bought new bulbs still did n't work . next stop the trash can .
 I purchased this lantern in June 2010 , to use for camping . I have been a camper for 45 years and have always used and trusted Coleman products , until now . It worked for two years , then stopped . It is not the battery , it is the switch . GO TO THE COLEMAN WEBSITE AND READ THE REVIEWS !!! Virtually every purchaser of this product has had the same issue with the lantern failing after about a year or two . I am extremely disappointed and I seriously doubt they will offer me a refund , but I will try . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS !!!
 I bought this for the power outages we have occasionally in the Puget Sound . Keeping it charged every 3 months , the first time it was needed all worked as hoped , mostly . I say mostly because the difference between the `` High '' setting and the `` Low '' setting are pretty much indistinguishable.I was able to get more than 3 hours of light with no problems on that occasion , and the power came back on before the light dimmed or the battery ran out.The fluorescent light tends toward the blue , and has quite a bit of glare to it . I put an unwanted CD up inside the lantern above the bulb to get more light out of it.The next time it was needed , about a year later , the lantern worked for about 45 minutes then turned itself off . If you toggle the switch from `` off '' to `` High '' the light will come back on for a couple of minutes , then turn back off . The little yellow night light still worked however so it was n't a completely useless object . OK , so once the power was restored , back it went onto the charger and I chalked it up to my error of going too long between charges.I called Coleman `` customer service '' and spoke to the nice lady there . She could not tell me how long nor how frequently the lantern should be charged . `` You could just leave it on the charger all the time , I suppose . '' She said . Really ? A sealed lead-acid battery on the charger all the time ? That just does n't sound right . So I 'd charge it every 3 months for one day each time . There is NO CHARGED INDICATOR LIGHT.Fast forward two years to this week , -LRB- January 15-18 , 2012 -RRB- and we are having a real snow and then freezing rainstorm , so I put the Coleman Retro on the charger yesterday for five hours . Then today , 5:45 pm , tick , the lights went out . OK no worries , we 're all charged up ! No , WE are not . About 1 hours ' worth of light and ... off goes the light . Mess with the switch , light comes back on a couple of minutes , then off . Same as last time.A visit to the Coleman Company website will reveal a bunch of reviews exactly like this one . Some say it 's the battery , some think it 's the switch , whatever it is , this unit has proved to be unreliable and not good to go for emergency lighting.It 's cute as the dickens , and if you never hope to have it actually work as intended , would be a nice piece of decoration , or perhaps a paperweight . But for me , I 'm done with Coleman battery operated lanterns .
 Item does not hold charge - purchased 4 and they are all dodgey - all of them have only been chared once and dont work for longer than 5 minutes
 I used one star to get close to and counter the other negative reviews . I had the same symptoms . My lantern exhibitted a flash when the switch was turned on -LRB- nightlight worked ok -RRB- - turned out the bulb had failed . Contrary to other reviews , Coleman has a stock of bulbs -LRB- Feb 2013 -RRB- and I ordered 2 . To access the bulb , there is one screw on the red trim below the clear section . Then you have to unscrew !! the clear section and lift off the top . Not obvious . So the switch was not defective and I 'm happy with my rechargable lantern.Also - the bottom of the lantern unscrews to access the hidden car charger - again , not obvious since the wall charger is separate . Overall , the lantern is great and lasts a few days on battery
 Bought this to act as a back up light . Recently was home for the holidays and the battery was dead , in spite of being plugged in all the time . In a power loss it should revert to the battery.By contrast , I have an older Coleman Florescent lantern that after more than 25 years , the batter finally gave out and I replaced that ... It went through camping trips , etc. . . Finally , a quarter of a century later the Sealed Lead Acid -LRB- SLA -RRB- Battery on that unit failed . Compare that to this . people have already complained about the light in this not being able to be found . The old unit lights still work and have been through the mill . Yes , this lantern 's never used lights do still work ... but 15 USD later and many screws to put a new battery in ... it is running again . The Battery btw arrived with all of the corners banged open weeping sulphuric acid ... and will probably die soon . Sure for 14 . -- do you really think I will ship that battery back ?
 12 Volt adapter missing . Disappointing at best . Unit appears very nice but lack of an essential is not acceptable . While I have not contacted anyone yet , my expectations do not include such activity .
 We went camping at the end of April and had n't used this lantern for about a year . I charged the unit overnight the night before we left , and when we arrived at the camping site that evening , I noticed that the lantern would not light up . I could see a brief flicker when you turned the switch , but the fluorescent light could n't seem to `` catch '' and turn on . The next day I used the 12v car charger -LRB- included in the hidden compartment -RRB- and left it plugged in the car throughout the day with on and off driving , and even after the full day 's charge , the lantern would n't light up.This seems to be a Coleman design issue with respect to the switch and how the rechargeable battery charges -LRB- see `` John Doe 's '' review for details -RRB- . I would warn others against purchasing this item . I plan on submitting an extended warranty claim through AMEX to see if I can get this item reimbursed . That being said , when the lantern did work , it provided a good amount of light in the 2 person tent that we had .
 There 's not much more to be said for scissors . They cut , but they are awkward to hold .
 This is a good boat with nice construction however there are few issues that I found with it .1 . In order to pump in air , it would be great to have a high pressure pump . I had a swiss gear portable pump battery operated , which came along with a mattress , which didnt do a great job ... so i had to top up the boat with some lung power .2 . The Boat is really small . Me and my friend both of us are like150 lbs , and still the boat was just barely enough.Other than that . It looks fairly robust and good for boating in ponds and calm lakes . The oars are good and fairly decent , , but one of them developed a crack.Final verdict , not a bad buy for one big person or 2 smaller person for boating in a pond or a lake .
 The boat was a very poor buy on my part . It kept losing air . I gave it away after the first time I used it . It says that it will hold 2 people . It would n't even hold me and all I weigh is 140 lbs
 This tent was a good tent in all areas except for one
 First , the positives : The size is great ! You can stand up in the tent . I am able to lay my air mattress down on one side , and place my suitcases on the other side , and still have walking room . The windows provide ample fresh air . It is easy for two people to put together.Now , the reason for the low rating : I have used this tent for three years . The last time I went camping , two of my tent poles snapped as I was taking them down . I have attempted to buy new poles from the company , and Coleman has stopped making replacement poles . They gave me a special number to call a place that specializes in making custom poles . I called there to find out that it would cost about $ 45 to replace 2 poles ! I only paid $ 100 for the tent !! I have decided to purchase a new tent , since the replacement poles are half the cost of my tent ... and I am skeptical as to how long the remaining poles will last !
 Coleman loves to throw around quality guarantees and slap their huge logos on the side of their tents . After all , if they are sold to millions at Target and Walmart 2 days before Memorial weekend they have to be good , right ? No not really . Most people who pick these up on a whim think they need a tent big enough to fit two queen size mattresses inside it and all of their chairs and accessories and of course need to be able to stand up inside . Make the tent tall and roomy , but at the cost of flimsy fiberglass poles and second rate material to keep the cost down and people wonder why they fold under a gust of wind or collect leaks in the corners during a storm . Mean while the guy with the small 2 -3 man tent with the aluminum poles and cutting edge materials is snug in his sleeping bag laughing off the storm . Ca n't have it all ... and why people keep buying these things at low cost and act surprised when they collapse is beyond me .
 All pond heaters suck . I have tried most on the market . You ca n`t tell if they are functioning untill it is to late . Most never work the second season . If they would put a small led on top that lights up when heating cycle is operating , it would make things less stressful for the pondkeeper . This one is no exeception .
 I cant tell you how many of these i 've gone through ... if the winter is mild you might get a season out of it . but if the winter is cold - forget it , it wont last . eventually ice forms around it , puts pressure on the plastic and it eventually cracks , leaks and breaks . i 've gone through 5 and stopped trying.you are much better off investing in a very strong airation system to keep a hole in the ice . i did and last year we had one of the coldest winters on record , many single digit to below zero nights and I ALWAYS had an opening in my pond .
 The de-icer worked as it should for 3 months , then filled with water , sank , and stopped heating . The manufacturer replaced it , but the replacement stopped heating after only one season of use .
 When you first look at the picture depicting this propane tree , note that there is not the large plastic tank connecting knob depicted . When you click on a closer look or on another picture of the tree , the large knob is rather obvious.I bought this distribution tree about two months ago so that I could mount a Coleman propane lantern at the top of the tree and still run my propane barbecue grill off my bulk propane tank . It came well packaged with a convenient storage bag . Installation was quite easy by screwing the 3 pieces of the tree together . The large plastic knob at the bottom of the tree then screws into the bulk tank . There is a support flange that adjusts up or down to the top of the bulk tank and secures with a wingnut . The first time I used it everything worked fine . It was tall enough so that I could see what I was cooking on my grill on the picnic table . I left it assembled on the top of my propane tank as I figured it would be ready to go for the next cookout . Well , when I went to use it for my next barbecue . the large PLASTIC knob that connects to the bulk tank was cracked and broken allowing the tree itself to lean over . The connection to the tank itself was not safe in my opinion and I dismantled the tree , put it in its nice storage bag and returned it for a refund.I did not overtighten the knob when I installed the tree . I put it on hand tight , used no tools or wrenches . I checked for gas leaks with soapy water . I think the problem is that , to save money and maximize profit , the manufacturer decided to go from a brass or metal connection fitting to plastic which is inherently weak when used in this design . You would think that in this case where you are using a flammable gas that safety would outweigh profit . Not . Keep a wet blanket and fire extinguisher handy !
 I purchased two of these for use in a Boy Scout Troop . I could n't believe how shaky they were when I first set them up - there is literally no support for the tree except where the bases rests against the tank . Probably the third time we used them we had one set up near some tables the Scouts were sitting at when one of the boys swung around and hit the tube with his arm - not terribly hard either . The plastic knob at the bottom sheared off and a jet of propane shot out six feet before the tank 's cutoff engaged . I have thrown both these hazards away and would never recommend them to anyone . OSHA would have a fit if they knew abut this product 's safety problem .
 I 've bought two of these and both times the plastic connecting knob has cracked and broken . Not worth the price . Avoid at all costs !!!!
 I love the concept . I have a propane lantern and stove , and have been using a 20 lb propane tank for a while just for the stove . The idea of mounting my lantern on a pole and running my stove from the same supply was appealing . Unfortunately , on the second camp out , the plastic nut that attaches the tree to the bottle disintegrated . It pretty much shattered , and started leaking propane rapidly . Also unfortunately , I bought it from a discount outlet store and ca n't return it . I have used trees with my son 's boy scout troop that are entirely metal , and perform very well . I will be looking for one of those . Please avoid this piece of junk .
 Just came home from memorial weekend camp and I am furious over this product . Hooked up a propane lamp and two stoves to this product and the plastic coupling snap into two at the very first breeze . The whole assembly fell into the ground , broke the lamp into pieces and the propane was leaking very bad . Good thing we were there to turn the valve off and there was no lit appliance . I 'm telling you , this is an accident waiting to happen . I ca n't imagine Coleman 's QA department would let this pass . It was a good idea but poorly executed .
 The photo and description are for the one piece 30 '' distribution tree with all metal adjustment knobs.What you get when you order is the two piece tree with a big plastic knob for connecting to the propane tank.I am not happy with the switch but have no time to get what I wanted before our big camp out . Since it is a Coleman , I will try it and update this review after this weekend . I 'm keeping my fingers crossed .
 When I received this sweeper , there was a piece of plastic in the bottom of the box that happened to be one of the handle supports . I searched for a 800 # for Karcher with no luck . I requested a replacemnet through Amazon which I received today.The replacement sweeper had the same problem ! I e-mailed Karcher on the lack of packing in the box and requested a refund from Amazon . I have ordered a Hoover Spin Sweep instead , which looks to be a improvement over the Karcher . So far Amazon has been very helpful with my issues . UPS picked up the Karcher the next day via Amazon 's automated return replacement system and the new product was sent out 2 day FEDEX . I 'm sure that the Karcher sweeper would of served the purpose the way it looked , it 's just too bad they had not did there homework on packaging . I ca n't be the only one with this problem !
 When it worked , it did catch mosquitos . The problem is that this unit has a very limited lifespan . Ours worked sporadically for two summers until failing this year . Beware that there is only a limited 1 year warranty . After that the only option the manufacturer offers is $ 500 for refurbishing . I 'll leave judgement of how fair this is to you . We paid $ 795 for two summers worth of work -- please do n't repeat our mistake !
 My Mosquito Magnet would not start this year after two years of operation . Over its lifetime , it has caught very few mosquitos , consumed a lot of expensive propane and mosquito magnet accessories , and has had to go to the factory for repair -LRB- first time was under warranty -RRB- . Today it would not start . Tech support tells me that the carburetor is clogged and that there is not a whole lot to be done about it . Their solution is to propose to sell me a * new * powerpack -LRB- $ 500 -RRB- or a entire new unit.This has been a very expensive product for two years of unreliable service .
 After asking customer service to forward my last e-mail to the company President ; I received a second replacement unit that works . It is now once again working in my yard . In the interim I also bought a Skeetervac which also works very well at both attracting and catching . I have no complaints thus far about the Skeetervac which also costs half as much as a reconditioned Freedom .
 I bought this model new during the summer of 2002 and it worked great ... that summer . Summer of 2003 , the fan stopped working almost immediately after putting the unit back into use . I e-mailed the company several times before arrangments were made for a replacement power pack which arrived in late summer . Then the replacement unit failed to ignite . The unit I sent in ignited fine ; it was only the fan that had failed . The replacement power pack however would not even ignite . After e-mails back and forth suggesting things for me to try ; the snows came and I put it away for the winter with a long list of things to try sent to me by customer service after mosquito season had ended . Now this spring the same scenario is playing out . `` Try this ; try that '' . In the meantime with a wet spring my yard is filled with mosquitos and the Mosquito Magnet is a very expensive lawn ornament . It still will not ignite . The company rep seems unconcerned that it doe not work . There was no followup to my problem . Slow replies . Long waits on hold with the customer service telephone line . No or slow responses to e-mail . I wish I had the original unit that I had to send in ; I probably could have changed the fan myself . I bought a Mosquito Deleto recently and it is catching mosquitos . Not as effective as a working Mosquito Magnet , but then it was much cheaper and my Magnet is dead .
 I set it up late summer 2002 , and then early spring 2003 . It basically solved my mosquito problem that year.In 2004 , it would not start . Their support had me try two things and then explained it was dead . They offered no repair option , only a discount on a new one -LRB- same discount they were offering new customers -RRB- . Summer 2004 was `` forecasted '' to be a bad year for mosquitos in Massachussettes , but I must say that even without the MM running , my mosquitos were n't too bad . I attributed this to it 's success wiping out the population the previous summer . But who really knows ... I did n't know others had this reliability problem until I came here looking for a new one.Mine was not the factory refurbished one , but it was the same model pictured above . New in late summer 2002 .
 This product started out of the box . When I changed to the second tank it took an hour of trying to get it to start . For the third tank I could not get it to start at all . Not sure if it decreased the mosquitos or not .
 BE CAREFUL WHEN PURCHASING THIS ITEM . I CA N'T REMEMBER WHAT TYPE OF MOSQUITO ATTRACTANT IS USED FOR THE SOUTHERN PART OF THE US BUT IT IS NOT OCTENOL . AS STATED IN THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE MOSQUITO MAGNET . . OCTENOL IS FOR THE NORTHERN STATES AND THERE IS ANOTHER PRODUCT FOR THE SOUTHERN STATES . I PURCHASED BOTH THE MOSQUITO MAGNET AND THE 3-PACK AND NOT VERY IMPRESSED IN THE RESULTS . MAYBE 100 MOSQUITOS IN 1 MONTH WITH 2 COMPLETE PROPANE TANKS . GIVEN THAT I PAID $ 250.00 FOR THE MAGNET AND ANOTHER $ 25.00 FOR THE ATTRACTANT AND ANOTHER $ 40.00 FOR PROPANE . . YOU CAN SEE THAT IT IS PRETTY EXPENSIVE FOR ONLY 100 MOSQUITOS . I AM SURE THAT THE MACHINE WORKS GREAT IN CERTAIN SITUATIONS BUT I AM VERY UPSET THAT AMAZON.COM WILL NOT TAKE THE MACHINE BACK DUE TO THE PROPANE USE . THIS IS NOT MENTIONED ANYWERE IN THE ITEM DESCRIPTION THAT THE UNIT IS NOT RETURNABLE . GOOD LUCK
 Not working very well ... only attracting a small amount of mosquitos and flies . Very disappointed .
 I used this product in a Dynatrap Insect Elimanator and all I caught in the trap were a lot of moths .
 I bought the mosquito magnet less than 1 year ago and the gas line has been eaten by squirrels ... not covered in the warranty and costs $ 130 !!! Do n't buy this if you have any mammals in your yard . It did n't even get rid of the mosqitoes when it WAS working .
 This is about the Mosquito Magnet machine , itself.I 've owned several Mosquito Magnets in NY and FL.I found them to be expensive and undependable .
 This is false advertising ! This hammock does n't include the stand ! The picture clearly shows the hammock with a stand ! I intend to file a claim . Do n't be fooled , this is only the cloth .
 Good for family recreational use . If you want to be a little more serious about paddling , this might not be good choice .
 A coupler on one paddle broke the first day . No biggie , I figured I 'd just call Coleman . Here is what happened :1 -RRB- A man at Coleman 's telephone customer service department said they do n't stock couplers , they would check their warehouse , and if they had one , I 'd get one . If they were out of stock , I would go on a waiting list , with NO time estimate . Could it take weeks to get the needed part for my brand new boat . `` Yes . `` 2 -RRB- I asked if they would let me know the status after they checked the warehouse . He said NO , it was not their policy to telephone or email to do so .3 -RRB- I asked to speak to a supervisor . I was on hold for about five minutes , and he came back saying they found one `` in someone 's desk '' and they would send it to me .4 . The envelope with the coupler was postmarked FOUR days after our conversation .5 . NO , it was not the right part , even though I used the exact terminology from the instruction manual.Sending the wrong part was a mistake I suppose anyone could make . But any of the other customer service sins are unforgiveable ; they do n't stock critical parts , they put you on a waitng list of indeterminate length , they refuse a courtesy email or phone call to update status , and they take four days to take a critically needed small part out of a desk and give it to their mailroom . All of this , for a customer with a brand new boat.As far as the kayak itself is concerned , I expected it to be very slow when I ordered it , and I was right . A course that takes me 12 minutes with a plastic sit on top kayak takes 19 minutes with this one . It 's probably not suitable for paddling with others in standard kayaks , because you would have to be 60 % faster and have 60 % more endurance than your companions to keep up.And of course if you need a part , you could be out of commission for weeks , according to Coleman 's customer service department .
 This is a horrible product ! I opened the box , and what I would describe it to be is an oversized pool float . I would be scared to use it anywhere else ! Then , I spent over an hour trying to put it back into the box to return it ! Beware !
 I have a serious mosquito problem . After 2 wks w/scent pkg my MM captured 0 mosquitos . After removal of the scent pkg , the next four wks revealed the capture of 24 mosquitos . Adding to the cost of the machine , the propane , etc , this amounted to over $ 20.00 per mosquito . Totally unacceptable . This proved to me that the machine is a WASTE of money . The company 's after sale service matches its product 's performance . They were contacted twice by email and once by regular mail . The company did not provide me with the courtesy of a reply . My only suggestion to those considering purchasing the mosquito magnet is do n't waste your money like I did .
 Go to Lowe 's . They have the same plant , only better condition and they guaranty them for a year .
 It worked for one day and that was it . I returned the item .
 This was a gift purchased for someone else , so we know nothing about reliability , etc. . Thus , the four stars instead of five . However , it looks like a good flashlight with a broad beam , which is what the recipient desired . Shipping was very prompt and easy.UPDATE
 Put the batteries in , thing never turned on . I looked up on the internet and apparently it is the switch mechanism that malfunctions , or never functions ... I even tested the batteries . Unfortunately I lost the receipt as well . Oh joy .
 This flashlight looks good but it really needs a user 's guide to know how to open and insert batteries into it . I bought it awhile ago but still can not figure out how to put batteris . If anyone knows the trick , please respond . Thank you .
 I wanted a flashlight-lantern combination for power outages and camping . I found only two models of this type in my area and went with the Coleman . I 've used it three times and on the last time in my time of need
 We have a dual action Coleman flashlight that is over 10 years old and is still going great . A few plastic pieces are missing , so we decided to get a newer version . We ordered this item . It 's very attractive . But when we loaded it up with batteries , only the lantern was working , so we thought that the bulb for the flashlight was bad . No problem we can change that . Before we got to do that however , the flashlight was sitting on a table in `` off '' mode , and all of a sudden the lantern turned on by itself . The control switch could not turn it off . We had to remove the batteries . I eventually tested the bulb in our other older reliable Coleman and nothing is wrong with it . So it means that the flashlight part is not working . It has a label on it which says `` China '' , so maybe that is where it was made . Beware !!
 EDITED ON Jan. 7 2010 CHANGING RATING FROM 5-STARS TO 2 . ------------------------------------------------------- I bought this product a couple years ago and was quite happy with it until it stopped working.Then bought a second and it lasted a year or so before the light bulb stopped working . The lantern still works great and is good for blackouts but I wanted it to be a flashlight as well.I inspected the bulb carefully and saw that the filament was intact . So I decided to call Coleman support . This was recently -LRB- Jan. 2010 -RRB- . The support fellow told me the bulb should be fine and the problem is that the D batteries are a bit heavy for their supporting contacts at the bottom of the case . He wanted me to pull up on those contacts -LRB- basically bend them -RRB- until the batteries stopped rattling . He insisted the switch was likely OK but I question that.Anyway , never got it working and decided to give up . Might have tried a new bulb but he said they were proprietary and I 'd have to order them from Coleman.So I 'd give it 0 stars as a flashlight and 4 as a lantern.Just bought an LED flashlight from Dorcy and an LED lantern from Rayovac . Each , in itself , is far superior to this Coleman and gets very high reviews from Amazon customers.See : Dorcy 41-4750180 Lumen High Flux LED Cyber Light Flashlight with BatteriesRayovac SE3DLN Sportsman Extreme 300-Lumen LED LanternThe Coleman rep said they discontinued the dual beam flashlight so Amazon likely wo n't have it much longer.Thanks for reading ... Sam
 I received this light for Christmas . Reading the description of the item , it sounded perfect for what I was looking for . An occasional use flashlight with a lantern option for power outages , etc. . . Unfortunately , this item is not made well and I can not recommend for any use . Within 24 hours of purchase , the original light bulb burnt out . I replaced the bulb , but found that the florescent light would now constantly flicker . I think the problem was that the battery contacts are n't tight against the batteries , as I whenever I moved the unit , the light would flicker on and off . Also , you ca n't use both the florescent and flashlight at the same time -LRB- not a big deal to me , but maybe for others -RRB- . I ended up returning this light . Hopefully the quality exhibited by this flashlight is not indicative of other Coleman items , as I 've been very happy with any other Coleman item I 've purchased .
 So , this is a great flashlight when it works correctly . Unfortunately , it did n't work correctly for very long . Mine stopped working and I thought that the batteries had gone out , so I changed them and it still did n't work . A couple months later I decided to fix it . After tinkering with my volt meter for a while I thought that the switch may be bad , but then I discovered that the only problem was that the batteries were n't in tight enough to have all of the contacts touching.I fixed it by removing the batteries and bending the contacts in the bottom of the battery compartment up with a screwdriver . I did n't have to bend them very far and it fixed the problem . The batteries are now snug and it works . I assume that I will have to repeat this process once they become loose again . Seems like kind of a poor and/or cheap design .
 This was a really great flashlight in both modes , once I figured out how to install the batteries . But it did not survive tumbling from the cupboard under the sink to the linoleum kitchen floor . Now nothing works , and I 've only had it for eight months.It seems like the switch might be flaky .
 I give this one star only because I can not give it zero stars . I had the exact same experience with this product as another reviewer , in that when I filled it up it immediately starting leaking out of the bottom . As the other reviewer said , `` The bottom section was just two pieces pressed together and did not have a tight seal . '' Amazon refunded my money , so all is good . But , I would highly recommend that you avoid this hummingbird feeder like the plague . I later bought a pretty glass one at Lowe 's which I am very happy with ; it looks classy and does not leak ... not even a little .
 I received the feeder in the mail , filled it up and it immediately starting leaking out of the bottom . The bottom section was just two pieces pressed together and did not have a tight seal . I was able to slightly melt the two halves back together but others might not appreciate having to modify the feeder just to make it leak proof .
 I have a total of 9 feeders around my property and my hummers empty ALL of them except this one . It 's not just my hummers either I have a friend who bought the same variety of feeders and her hummers refuse this one too . Then I was at another friends the other day and noted that she also had this dewdrop feeder and sure enough her hummers also will not feed from it . One day I had an empty one and hungry hummers wanting something so I replaced it with this Dew drop style one to see if they would feed and NOPE they all left so I filled up the empty one and rehung in the same place and my hummers were happy again . I DO NOT reccomend buying this feeder . I do n't know whether it 's the base of the bottle my my hummers are giving it a big cold wing !!!!!!
 Although I purchased this Coleman Grill in June 2006 , today -LRB- Aug. 31 , 2006 -RRB- , was the first time I used it . It was purchased for the sole purpose of using it during hurricane season . Ernesto was building up to be a hurricane , so I tried out my Coleman grill.I am dissatisfied as the neither one of the ignitors work , so , it has to be lit with a match . The main reason I bought this model was for the instant ignitors . Also , both burners heat at an exceptionally high flame and it is very difficult to get the flame at a low heat without it going out . And the grill is supposed to be non-stick , but the chicken really stuck to it.I didnt realize upon purchasing this through Amazon that it was NOT returnable , not even for an exchange.I am going to contact Coleman to see if they live up to their good reputation and will replace the ignitors . Otherwise , this will be the last Coleman item I buy .
 Our Taylor 1463 Wireless Weather System is one of three in our house . It has a good-looking base unit that serves effectively as our kitchen clock , but otherwise comes up short.We received ours last year as a Christmas present , so we 've had it for almost a year . The outside unit is only twenty-five feet from the base unit , it can be seen from the base unit through the living room window , and it 's display can be read easily from inside the house . All of our remote units contain fresh lithium batteries.Unfortunately , to gain access to the seven buttons concealed on the back of the base unit we have to remove it from the wall , and because the buttons ' functions are not obvious we have to keep the instructions nearby . Oh , and replacing the batteries in the remote unit requires using a tiny Phillips screwdriver.Each unit always displays its own ambient temperature , but unfortunately the base unit has rarely displayed the outdoor temperature . Ah , well , at least it has an easily-read digital clock .
 ca n't get it to work and told sender . all he does is email me to do this and that . it just does n't work and i want to return it . please help3/8/07
 I 'm a hardcore camper . I 'm camping more often than not . I realize that I 'm putting more wear and tear on my tents than the average person , but it also gives me a chance to really get to know my tent . This tent was easy to set up , but it got a hole in the floor the first time I set it up . I swept the area for sticks and rocks , and put down a ground tarp ; still something managed to poke through the bottom . Those floor vents are really nice for letting in a cool breeze , however they also let in rain if you forget to close them . Backsplash off the ground , so it 's not just rain , it 's mud . And yes , I did tarp over the tent as well as under it . The way the rainfly attaches over the doors puts added stress on the already flimsy zippers . They have n't gone out yet , but I know it 's only a matter of time . I love the layout of this tent , but there are just too many flaws to make it worth the money . I really expected better from Coleman .
 I cant believe it . I thought that this was a great tent but the fabric is very thin and very cheap material . I have set it up twice in my basement because I am afraid that if I use it outside it will get a hole in it . I was going to try camping out in my backyard tonight and I found out that the strechy rope that held the pole together had snapped . I am going to try to a get replacement poles or get my money back . Only buy this if it is for your son or daughters sleepover on the back porch not durable for actual camping !!!
 This is a great tent for rain-free weather . Unfortunately , the first night we used it a thunderstorm with high wind and lots of rain came up . The wind blew the rain under the fly and we got soaked . -LRB- The fly BARELY covers the ceiling/roof areas in the 2 low-height portions . -RRB- The next day we returned the tent to the store where we purchased it and bought one with a more adequate rain fly . We did love the 3 rooms . Thought the tent went up quickly and easlity for such a large tent .
 Very Disappointing ! I have used regular Trimec many times over the years and it killed the dandelions , crab grass , clover etc very very well . However I was sold the Trimec Plus by mistake and I did n't notice the difference until I had it opened and ready to use . Unfortunately even though I use this product at the same time of year I used the regular Trimec but the PLUS did not perform well at all and I will need to redo the application .
 The local feed & seed recommended this as a generic version of Round Up , saying that in about three days all my weeds would be gone and my Bermuda grass would be able to take over . 4 days later not a single weed or other grass shows any signs of damage . I re-applied at a stronger concentration -LRB- 3 oz/gallon -RRB- and still nothing after a week .
 mine started breaking after five uses , i would buy a top of the line one if you intend to put it up and down alot .
 I ordered an E-Z up tent but received a plug -LRB- some kind of converter plug thingy -RRB- . Amazon finally refunded my money but only after telling me to contact the company I actually purchased from first . Which I did but Amazon being the true blue middle man that they are would not actually give me the contact information for the company I purchased from , my only option was to email them through Amazons little complaint page . So I did and then I waited , and I waited , and I waited . Finally when they failed to respond Amazon agreed to refund my money in full . So then I waited , and I waited , and I waited . So now I have a free plug !!! WOOOOOO HOOOOOO GO AMAZON !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I had an `` EZ-UP '' 10x10 ' shelter in my back yard , and when one crossbar broke , it broke 2 others . If anyone had been sitting in the chair in my back yard , they 'd have become a shishcabob from the cheap thin metal used to make these canopies . Although EZ-UP sells products on their web site to facilitate holding these canopies down in the wind , they do NOT cover ANY `` wind or rain damage , '' and although this , in my view , was NOT a factor of why the frame failed , the company 's first response when I called to get a return authorization after it failed only after about 8 months of use , they quickly stated `` we do n't cover wind or rain damage , cut me off , and had apparently NO reguard for anyone 's safety , stating that if it was raining or even in the slightest wind -LRB- I think it failed in around 2 mph `` winds '' -RRB- , their `` warantee '' did not cover it ! They said I could send it in and THEY would determine -LRB- after paying an outrageous sum of money to send it back -RRB- IF they might replace it , but that they likely would not . The people at the company were rude , had NO concern that their product had some safety issues , and so I 'm looking to buy something less expensive , and that lasts longer ! INteresting , they told me that they do n't cover ANY wond or rain `` damage '' , yet they also sell hold-downs & it states on their web site -LRB- & apparently in directions that I never received with mine -RRB- NOT to fold it up if it was wet , but to leave it up!I had a MUCH less expensive shade that latested MUCH longer and I 'd recommend others to do the same , or to buy an industrial model that CLEARLY stated in their warantee that the product can withstand wind up to `` x '' mph & that it is made to withstand rain as well.After my experience with this company 's product , and their staff in the returns dept. , I would avoid ever buying one of these again ! I received mine as a gift -LRB- that cost my friend over $ 200 ! -RRB- There are MUCH better , sturdier , and safer canopies out there.If I could give this product a zero or negative score , I would!These canopies are NOT NEARLY as sturdy as I recall them being years ago -LRB- or perhaps that was another brand ? -RRB- I expect these canopies will be recalled in time due to safety issues.I would STRONGLY recommend buying something less expensive and sturdier !
 I 've had two of these and they okay for $ 100 I guess . Just put them up in good weather and take them down before anything bad moves in because they ca n't handle much wind and a few weeks of intense sun will start rotting the cover .
 Best product for my needs . Looks great . but box came repackaged and retaped from someone else who had obviously rejected it . no rugged carrying bag with wheels , like promised . been working for days on the phone and yet no resolution other than turning the whole thing back in . just send me a carrying bag .
 The metal is so thin that you can compare it to thick aluminum foil . After a couple normal setups , one leg is already crushed at the top , all four legs are splayed outwards , and the crossbars are bent . After some investigation , I have found that E-Z Up has blown its reputation . Whereas they once made good canopies , now they produce cheap junk .
 I had an `` EZ-UP '' 10x10 ' shelter in my back yard , and when one crossbar broke , it broke 2 others . If anyone had been sitting in the chair in my back yard , they 'd have become a shishcabob from the cheap thin metal used to make these canopies . Although EZ-UP sells products on their web site to facilitate holding these canopies down in the wind , they do NOT cover ANY `` wind or rain damage , '' and although this , in my view , was NOT a factor of why the frame failed , the company 's first response when I called to get a return authorization after it failed only after about 8 months of use , they quickly stated `` we do n't cover wind or rain damage , cut me off , and had apparently NO reguard for anyone 's safety , stating that if it was raining or even in the slightest wind -LRB- I think it failed in around 2 mph `` winds '' -RRB- , their `` warantee '' did not cover it ! They said I could send it in and THEY would determine -LRB- after paying an outrageous sum of money to send it back -RRB- IF they might replace it , but that they likely would not . The people at the company were rude , had NO concern that their product had some safety issues , and so I 'm looking to buy something less expensive , and that lasts longer ! INteresting , they told me that they do n't cover ANY wond or rain `` damage '' , yet they also sell hold-downs & it states on their web site -LRB- & apparently in directions that I never received with mine -RRB- NOT to fold it up if it was wet , but to leave it up!I had a MUCH less expensive shade that latested MUCH longer and I 'd recommend others to do the same , or to buy an industrial model that CLEARLY stated in their warantee that the product can withstand wind up to `` x '' mph & that it is made to withstand rain as well.After my experience with this company 's product , and their staff in the returns dept. , I would avoid ever buying one of these again ! I received mine as a gift -LRB- that cost my friend over $ 200 ! -RRB- There are MUCH better , sturdier , and safer canopies out there.If I could give this product a zero or negative score , I would!These canopies are NOT NEARLY as sturdy as I recall them being years ago -LRB- or perhaps that was another brand ? -RRB- I expect these canopies will be recalled in time due to safety issues.I would STRONGLY recommend buying something less expensive and sturdier !
 I 've had two of these and they okay for $ 100 I guess . Just put them up in good weather and take them down before anything bad moves in because they ca n't handle much wind and a few weeks of intense sun will start rotting the cover .
 Best product for my needs . Looks great . but box came repackaged and retaped from someone else who had obviously rejected it . no rugged carrying bag with wheels , like promised . been working for days on the phone and yet no resolution other than turning the whole thing back in . just send me a carrying bag .
 The metal is so thin that you can compare it to thick aluminum foil . After a couple normal setups , one leg is already crushed at the top , all four legs are splayed outwards , and the crossbars are bent . After some investigation , I have found that E-Z Up has blown its reputation . Whereas they once made good canopies , now they produce cheap junk .
 I ordered an E-Z up tent but received a plug -LRB- some kind of converter plug thingy -RRB- . Amazon finally refunded my money but only after telling me to contact the company I actually purchased from first . Which I did but Amazon being the true blue middle man that they are would not actually give me the contact information for the company I purchased from , my only option was to email them through Amazons little complaint page . So I did and then I waited , and I waited , and I waited . Finally when they failed to respond Amazon agreed to refund my money in full . So then I waited , and I waited , and I waited . So now I have a free plug !!! WOOOOOO HOOOOOO GO AMAZON !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I bought this spreader to spread salt on a driveway . I realized it was borderline for the job as soon as I received it , and should have sent the unit back . Decided to give it a try , and I successfully spread salt 2-3 times before the motor quit working . I was also very careful with the unit . I never left any remaining salt in the unit after spreading . So it was put away clean and dry each time it was used . So now there 's three hundred dollars down the drain . Need a salt spreader ? Buy a name brand unit from one of the plow companies , and be prepared to spend at least five hundred or more .
 The hopper and hitch mounts are the best things about this spreader ... It is poorly designed from an adjustment point of view . 4 wing-nuts and carriage bolts hold the tray on which the motor and rotating impeller blades are mounted , the whole assembly must be loosened , raised or lowered to adjust and you have to keep it relatively level with the hopper to prevent leakage when stopped . There are no easy ways to adjust for differing amounts of fertilizer , seed or anything else ! When mounted on my ATV , I use the back plate to prevent filling the 4 wheeler with corrosive fertilizer , but there is still a substantial amount thrown into the guard beneath the differential and onto both rear brake assemblies . The design also causes greener `` lines '' where I drive since the distribution of fertilizer is so uneven , it tends to collect on the bottom plate and the receiver bar then spill straight down.I 'd hoped this would aid me in covering 25000 sq. ft. of lawn , but now I feel as though I threw away almost $ 300.00 . I 'm researching for a replacement as I write this.Avoid this at all costs !
 I had an `` EZ-UP '' 10x10 ' shelter in my back yard , and when one crossbar broke , it broke 2 others . If anyone had been sitting in the chair in my back yard , they 'd have become a shishcabob from the cheap thin metal used to make these canopies . Although EZ-UP sells products on their web site to facilitate holding these canopies down in the wind , they do NOT cover ANY `` wind or rain damage , '' and although this , in my view , was NOT a factor of why the frame failed , the company 's first response when I called to get a return authorization after it failed only after about 8 months of use , they quickly stated `` we do n't cover wind or rain damage , cut me off , and had apparently NO reguard for anyone 's safety , stating that if it was raining or even in the slightest wind -LRB- I think it failed in around 2 mph `` winds '' -RRB- , their `` warantee '' did not cover it ! They said I could send it in and THEY would determine -LRB- after paying an outrageous sum of money to send it back -RRB- IF they might replace it , but that they likely would not . The people at the company were rude , had NO concern that their product had some safety issues , and so I 'm looking to buy something less expensive , and that lasts longer ! INteresting , they told me that they do n't cover ANY wond or rain `` damage '' , yet they also sell hold-downs & it states on their web site -LRB- & apparently in directions that I never received with mine -RRB- NOT to fold it up if it was wet , but to leave it up!I had a MUCH less expensive shade that latested MUCH longer and I 'd recommend others to do the same , or to buy an industrial model that CLEARLY stated in their warantee that the product can withstand wind up to `` x '' mph & that it is made to withstand rain as well.After my experience with this company 's product , and their staff in the returns dept. , I would avoid ever buying one of these again ! I received mine as a gift -LRB- that cost my friend over $ 200 ! -RRB- There are MUCH better , sturdier , and safer canopies out there.If I could give this product a zero or negative score , I would!These canopies are NOT NEARLY as sturdy as I recall them being years ago -LRB- or perhaps that was another brand ? -RRB- I expect these canopies will be recalled in time due to safety issues.I would STRONGLY recommend buying something less expensive and sturdier from another manufacturer ! I 've had others that cost MUCH less that lasted MUCH longer than this and were made better !
 I had an `` EZ-UP '' 10x10 ' shelter in my back yard , and when one crossbar broke , it broke 2 others . If anyone had been sitting in the chair in my back yard , they 'd have become a shishcabob from the cheap thin metal used to make these canopies . Although EZ-UP sells products on their web site to facilitate holding these canopies down in the wind , they do NOT cover ANY `` wind or rain damage , '' and although this , in my view , was NOT a factor of why the frame failed , the company 's first response when I called to get a return authorization after it failed only after about 8 months of use , they quickly stated `` we do n't cover wind or rain damage , cut me off , and had apparently NO reguard for anyone 's safety , stating that if it was raining or even in the slightest wind -LRB- I think it failed in around 2 mph `` winds '' -RRB- , their `` warantee '' did not cover it ! They said I could send it in and THEY would determine -LRB- after paying an outrageous sum of money to send it back -RRB- IF they might replace it , but that they likely would not . The people at the company were rude , had NO concern that their product had some safety issues , and so I 'm looking to buy something less expensive , and that lasts longer ! INteresting , they told me that they do n't cover ANY wond or rain `` damage '' , yet they also sell hold-downs & it states on their web site -LRB- & apparently in directions that I never received with mine -RRB- NOT to fold it up if it was wet , but to leave it up!I had a MUCH less expensive shade that latested MUCH longer and I 'd recommend others to do the same , or to buy an industrial model that CLEARLY stated in their warantee that the product can withstand wind up to `` x '' mph & that it is made to withstand rain as well.After my experience with this company 's product , and their staff in the returns dept. , I would avoid ever buying one of these again ! I received mine as a gift -LRB- that cost my friend over $ 200 ! -RRB- There are MUCH better , sturdier , and safer canopies out there.If I could give this product a zero or negative score , I would!These canopies are NOT NEARLY as sturdy as I recall them being years ago -LRB- or perhaps that was another brand ? -RRB- I expect these canopies will be recalled in time due to safety issues.I would STRONGLY recommend buying something less expensive and sturdier !
 My husband and I recently moved to a home on the water . I wanted to try kayaking since it was so convenient and looked like fun . Since I had never kayaked before , however , and was n't sure I 'd like it , I wanted to buy an inexpensive kayak to begin with . I checked around and decided to try this kayak . I love it . It 's light enough for me to carry , it 's easy to get in and out of , it 's very stable - I have n't felt as though I might tip over - and it 's comfortable . The only reason I did n't give it a 5 star rating is because of the paddle . -LRB- remember I have n't kayaked before so this could be a normal kayaking thing -RRB- Water gets inside the paddle and as you go from side to side the water drips out onto you , and inside the kayak . I tried to change my paddling technique , but then it was too hard to paddle . Also , it seems the handles are too far apart for me and that it would be more comfortable if they were closer . I 'm going to check out other paddles to see if that makes a difference . Never-the-less , I love this kayak and would recommend it for a beginner for sure .
 This kayak is a toy , a fun toy , but a toy none the less . I Purchased this product to `` try out kayaking in the cheapest way possible '' within two weeks I was already pricing other kayaks , so I guess it did play its part in letting me see if I liked the sport . But I could not see myself using it as more than a beach toy now . I am a skinny tall man at about 6 foot tall , I just barely fit with my feet crammed into the very tip . I actually had quite a time getting out of it once because my foot was stuck in it . The two fins which come bent must be straightened out with pliers or what little tracking this craft has will turn into a constant battle to keep it going straight . any wind at all will push this craft around , I suggest only using it around low winds . Once out of the box its never going back in so good luck returning it if you change your mind . you will also need to purchase a Colman $ 9 pump , do n't even think you can blow this thing up the old fashioned way.I actually have no complaints about the paddle its not fancy but it does the job of pushing this little yak around . once put together in a fashion tight enough to stay in one piece do n't expect to be able to disassemble it without tools.That all said I did have a lot of fun using this inflatable kayak , and was able to re sell it for most of what I purchased it for .
 We purchased this chair from Amazon a yr ago . After about 9 mos the ropes frayed and in Dec completely broke . The chair has been on the floor for over a month . I contacted the company and after numerous emails have gotten absolutely no where . The chair is supposedly under warranty , but my color ropes wo n't be available until April - It seems only the owner of the company can order things and he is away for several months ! We were offered a different color set of ropes plus shipping and handling . I have been told the ropes were shipped over a week ago UPS . Still NO ropes . The office mgr . said she would check into it -- NO EMAILS OR CONTACT SINCE Jan 26 , today is Jan 30 . Ask me if we will purchase anything from these people again - NO way . We went out and purchased our own ropes so we can use our chair - we live in Hawaii and love sitting outdoors , but NO chair !
 First & only trip
 When it rains , the water drips inside the tent throuugh the window zipper.So , I returned it the very next day ...
 What 's going on with Coleman lately ? This is the second Coleman product I purchased this year -LRB- the other was a new stove -RRB- and both have had serious defects . Yes , they are willing to refund it but I 'm really frustrated . We have relied on Coleman for high quality , reasonably priced outdoor items but those days seem to be over .
 We put this tent up in our backyard to do a `` dry '' run before our trip . WOW , one day of rain in the backyard and all the sleeping bags were soaked . Looking closer we found that the side to floor seems were not quality at all . You could see parts were almost transparent . Clearly this is either a `` second '' or quality control is n't what it used to be . If you are guaranteed sunshine go for it . I loved the design and it was super easy to put up which is why I gave it a 2 instead of 1 .
 My wife and I bought this tent to fit our new son , his pack and play and all our stuff . I read the reviews and bought the water sealer . I followed the directions to seal the seams , but the first night it rained after applying , water leaked in.The rain fly is poorly designed . It must be staked out to work at all , and even when done so properly , it ends about an inch above the bottom of the windows , meaning the water pours down right onto that seam . Not very smart.It 's very big and pretty easy to set up , but just have to hope the weather stays kind .
 Very nice size and easy to set up.We bought this tent and she was broken and a lot of water enter inside . The seller exchange the tent for the same model ... the second was broken at one place and took water everywhere.Very cheap model made in China . We disappointed by Coleman ... --------------- Spacieuse et facile a monter ! Nous avons ete enchantes lorsque nous l'avons montee.Par contre , c'est un modele de tres mauvaise qualite . Nous avons achete la tente et plusieurs coutures etaient decousues . De plus , l'eau s ` infiltrait a plusieurs endroits . Nous l'avons retournee au vendeur et il nous a donne une autre tente du meme modele . Sur la seconde , il y a une couture decousue et de l'eau qui s ` infiltre aussi a plusieurs endroits.Modele de tres mauvaise qualite `` fabrique en Chine '' . Nous sommes tres decus par Coleman ... nous pensions que c ` etait une entreprise fabriquant des produits de qualite .
 I took this model tent , brand new , camping in California , near San Fransisco , in the middle of april and it failed horribly . Tent poles snapped in the wind , there is no way to close up the vented ceiling so we had a gale flowing thru the tent all night , the tent stakes look reenforced but bend really easily and more than that the material that the tent is made of is not rip stop or if it is it is a very poor version there of . Over all I would suggest that you save your money and buy something else . Normally I love coleman equipment , but this is just a really poor product and anyone who bought one of these should demand their money back . This tent is portrayed as a 3-Season tent , it is only usable in summer at best .
 I have been camping for the last 29 years , and this is the worst tent I have ever owned . The tent poles are made so cheaply that I have had one or two break EVERY time I put it up or took it down . After 3 camping trips , the two main poles have had the bungee cord fall out and fallen apart , and 3 out of the 4 rainfly poles have broken . DO NOT BUY THIS TENT . It is difficult to put together and wo n't last .
 This is an update on the product after 3 weeks of use -LRB- still waiting for our septic system to be built -RRB- . The Coleman 's portability and low price are its main recommendations . It is small and light -LRB- when empty -RRB- , but that 's also where it fails badly . The unit is just too small for an adult to use comfortably -LRB- we 're not very large ourselves -RRB- , and I wonder whether the designers had children in mind when they sized it -LRB- a potty comes to mind -RRB- . Worse , our unit leaks when flushed , which is something I never would have expected in a device like this marketed by Coleman . I hope their boats are more watertight.Three week update
 When used with a 4 '' riser platform , this unit was very comfortable for an adult . However , the black tank design was horrible and easily leaked on the first camping trip ... what a mess ! Unlike a Thetford , the waste cap is directly on the back of this unit , which means any slight movement of the unit will begin to unscrew the cap and cause the unit to leak . The side clips and main seal between top and bottom pieces are also prone to leaks and breakage . So , I 'm throwing this one out and buying another Thetford .
 Despite the other reviews , we decided to take a risk on purchasing this toilet for our camping trip . It leaked from the lid on the holding tank and made a terrible mess . Something must be wrong with the seals installed on these and I would not recommend purchasing this brand .
 I have used this porta-potty for a few years , but having upgraded recently , I wished I had done that long ago . It does work , but it is very low to the ground , flushing mechanism is weak and is prone to leaks . Spend a few more dollars for a better unit.MAN TIP - If you want your female companion to take to the wilds with you again get the best porta-potty money can buy . If you want to scare her off , get this one .
 This is a very poor quality unit and should be an embarrassment to Coleman . I could find no seal around the shaft that slided the flush plate . A substantial leak occurs during each use . Now the large o-ring the seals the upper and lower compartments is leaking . No pun intended , this is a piece of crap .
 I bought this item thinking , because it 's a Coleman product it would be good . . It was very hard to turn the flush handle ... but what was worse , was when I emptied it into the real toilet in the house , it leaked all over ... I figured maybe I didnt have the knobs screwed on right . . but . . the 2nd time I emptied it , I really tried to be oh , so careful , and it still leaked . . was a disgusting mess . . it must have leaked through the flush hole . And then , when I thought it was all out , I went out side to take the garden hose to rinse it out . It looked like all the waste was out so I tipped it upside down and wammo ! It still had waste flying out . What a waste of money . I am not using it again and taking the chance of it leaking.Going to buy one of those ones that has a bucket and empty it every day.and then , I read other 's reviews ... and wished I had read them before I bought it .
 This portable toilet worked okay for first week we had it . Then , the hose inside attached to the bellows pump , fell off inside the top half -LRB- water tank -RRB- so now we have to carry water in jugs to rinse it/flush it . The blade valve leaks and allows odor to escape and raw matter to leak out when the flush handle is pulled . Would not recommend this product to anyone . Maybe this is why it is now discontinued .
 this toilet was completley useless ! my friend dr. croft used it while we were bussing to zimbabwe and it spilled everywhere ! i think the thing isnt waterproof . manager insisted that toilet should not have been used upside down , but how else are you supposed to empty it out !
 When i first got them I was pleased but after one day working in the yard one of the fingers stitching came out . I resowed it but it split in other places . Poor manufacturing .
 I have tried for the last 3 hours to get this to work , I was using a simple diluted molasses mix which works in any of my pump sprayers w/o a problem . essentially I would see the siphon start to work , I would walk away with the hose and think ok I have about 20 minutes of watering -LRB- I mixed 5 gallons -RRB- anyway , nothing the mixture did n't even move when I was 3 feet away.Unclogged & blown out several times there was no debris at all . and -LRB- there was nothing in the bucket except for the solution -RRB- which I dumped and cut in 1/2 and still nothing . I tried just water and nothing , it grabs the fluid and then stops.I wish I had never bought this because now I 'm back to the pump sprayer
 This pump is deafening . I plugged my ears and my ears still hurt . Horrible product .
 I bought this to blow up my daughter 's Jump-o-lene . What a disaster ! She was so happy when we opened the Jump-O-lene box and laid it out , only to be disappointed when the Coleman air pump would not even turn on ! Now we have to wait until another electric air pump can arrive ! Not what you expect from Coleman nor Amazon !
 Well I ordered this item . Because I thought I would actually need it . But I ended up not so I didnt get to try it out . Hope the next person to buy it will enjoy the power of it .
 This Quick Pump WAS listed as usable for inflatables . I assumed inflatables included balloons ... I assumed wrong . It does not fill the long animal-making type balloons -LRB- which is why I bought it -RRB- ; but with quite a bit of effort will fill round balloons . Considering how noisy it is , you 'd think it would blast air ... not so much . : -LRB-
 You will NOT be able to tolerate the horrible high-pitched screech this thing makes . And it feels cheap . The screw-on attachment somehow came off and blew inside the mattress . I hope to never use this thing again . Alas .
 I had a major issue with this device . I ran the pump for the suggeted 15 minutes then let it rest . I turned it on again and it quit after running less than 10 minutes . I let it rest again . But it never came back on . I had to get a replacement .
 I purchased a Coleman rechargeable quick pump along with a Coleman inflatable air mattress for use when guests visit . Normally I would only review the product under the relevant Amazon page , but I feel this review is relevant to all Coleman products as it relates to their customer service policies.After using the Coleman rechargeable pump two times , it died . It wo n't recharge ; it wo n't even turn-on . When I called Coleman to ask about warranty information for the pump , they responded with `` We do n't actually make that pump , we just put our name on it so we ca n't help you , '' and then they hung-up the phone!I called them back right away , and got them to give me the number of the company that does manufacture the pump and when I called it , it was a disconnected phone number ! Coleman does not appear to care at all about the quality of their products or the concept of customer service . I will NEVER buy another Coleman product again . I understand that products break from time to time and that can be forgiven , but no company should treat their customers this way.I urge everybody who is considering the purchase of any Coleman products to boycott this horrible firm . By their own admission , they do n't even make the products , they just pass them off to consumers . You deserve better than Coleman !!!
 On the 2nd use to blow up a twin air bed it started to have sparks come out of it and smoke . I quickly unplugged it and will never use it again . A lot of money for 11/2 uses .
 This pump works well enough but it is so loud that I need to wear my lawnmower earplugs when filling up the pool .
 I 've used leaf blowers that make less noise than this pump . It is fast but if you buy it , buy a good pair of ear plugs and use them .
 This pump stopped working after only 18 months . It was not used more that 10 times and it was well cared for . Worked well to inflate air mats prior to failure . Should have lasted much longer . I 'm now out of warranty .
 Believe the other reviews - I saw that this was going to be loud but did n't think I would mind . If you have sensitive ears , forget it . I do n't have a decibel meter , but this thing is painful to use and I have to believe it exceeds safe noise levels for the user who must hold the device to make it work - you ca n't insert this , turn it on and walk away because it will blow itself right out of the fill port . I had to put on hearing protection while using it . It inflated a Coleman air mattress in seconds , and I would have been perfectly happy to have a pump running at a third the speed and with a tenth of the noise level . I 'll keep it because I do n't need it often , but this is not a consumer-friendly product .
 This gets the job done ... . EVENTUALLY . It took my husband 4 hours to blow up a play house for my daughter ... I dread trying to blow up her pool : -LRB-
 The pump is made in China . Upon first use , two fan blades broke off . Made of light weight plastic . To send for warranty costs half of new one which one could hope stays together for a year 's use .
 Maybe I 'm just not using this correctly . I 've tried pumping air into my children 's inflatable swimming pool toys and it just wo n't work !
 This product is an insult - first of all it is loud enough to wake your neighbors and second it is incredibly slow ! Takes about 10 minutes to inflate a Full size airmattress at which time point the device is very hot and gives of a suspicious smell . Apparently there is absolutely no QC in China and Coleman does not care either . This product does not deserve even 1/2 a star . An insult to the customer !
 This pump works , but is loud enough to wake up the entire house and possibly neighbors.If you need quick inflation this is for you ; otherwise get something that is a bit slower and much quieter .
 I read the review beore the purchase . I planned to use the unit for pumping up the bicycle . But turned out the adaptor does n't fit for a bicycle . So it has been sitting in my garage since .
 This Coleman Electric Pump only worked once and after that wroken , it is completely useless now , not a good product .
 I purchased this pump at my local Target store hoping to quickly inflate several large pool toys for our new pool and avoid the fainting - and stroke-inducing mouth inflation . I do n't know if I was just unlucky and got a defective pump or if it was actually working correctly , but I was completely unimpressed with this pump . The fit between the pump nozzle and the inflation stems of the toys -LRB- of varying shapes and sizes -RRB- was terrible and required me to pinch the juncture tightly during inflation to prevent significant air escape and disconnection . The biggest problem , however , was that the pump lacked adequate power to inflate the toys quickly . It took FOREVER to inflate even medium-sized toys . Probably would have been just as quick to have done it by mouth . The pump gets 2 stars instead of 1 because it did eventually finish the job and kept me from having a stroke , sort of .
 This pump is SLOW and LOUD as heck . I had to give it two stars because it works ... albeit with the problems I just mentioned .
 I opened the box and there is a large warning label that says the power cord contains lead and to wash your hands after use . It does n't say may contain lead it clearly says that it contains lead .
 Pump broke after 5 seconds of use . Now I have to spend money out of pocket to send it back . Made in China . Need I say more .
 It 's very , very , `` with I was wearing earplugs '' loud , as others have noted . It 's very slow to deflate . Wish I 'd splurged on a more expensive model so I do n't piss off my neighbors while it slowly deflates the kiddie pool .
 It does the job if your in a pinch , but fill up you bed way before bed time if you do n't wana wake everyone upalso i 've had sparks shoot out of mine , for what ever thats worth .
 The first of these that I bought died within 6 months , so I got another one as a replacement . That one died in one month . Perhaps it was just battery failure , and not the fault of the thermometer itself , but for fifteen dollars , I would expect something like this to last longer .
 This worked fine for a few weeks , and then died . I guess I will try a new battery , but given the other reviews , that 's probably just throwing away more money .
 Very cheaply made . The battery does n't seat properly . I had to wrestle with it for a bit before I got it to seat properly - even so if the item is handled , the battery disconnects sometimes . The hygrometer is neither reliable nor valid . The temperature display never worked -LRB- defective out of the box -RRB- . Possibly the worst item I 've ever purchased from Amazon and its going back !
 Bought this hygo-thermometer on the reviews , but it has n't worked well . When compared to another thermomemter/hydrometer that I know is accurate , temperature readings are right on , but humidity readings are all over the place . Since I bought this item primarily to read humidity , I ca n't recommend it . The only thing I do like about this device is that the read-out is large and clear for its small size , but other than that , has n't worked as advertised .
 This unit worked fine but stopped working one day past the return period . I do not recommend . Also , it uses difficult to obtain watch batteries .
 Pure garbage . Dont waste your money I ordered 4 of them only 2 worked . With one of the two that worked I had to place paper in the battery compartment to push the battery forward to make contact . This one stopped working after 2 weeks so I am left with 1 of 4 working that I purchased . They are total junk , cheap and crappy . I went out and purchased an Acu-Rite at home depot that was the same price and a million times better I think they even sell them on Amazon .
 This product is very poor and definitely a waste of money . First of all , the battery does n't fit very well into the unit . Secondly , the unit only worked for 6 weeks and then completely died . I tried a new battery and that did n't help either . This is by far one of the worst products I have ever bought from Amazon !!
 I used this pump 3 times on bicycle tires and once on an automobile tire and was satisfied with it . However , after only a few months , some plastic part under the slide switch broke , and it no longer works . Disappointing , especially since it received gentle treatment , never leaving the garage and stowed in it 's original packaging . I replaced it with a Blackburn AirTower4 hand pump . Little more work , but a lot less to go wrong .
 For 1 year the pump worked OK . It does not have much power so inflating tires takes a long time . Guage seemed to be OK.However , the pump is it died in 12 months and could not be fixed . I had a mechanic look at it and he said the electrical elements were toast . His opinion -LRB- and I agree with it after opening it up -RRB- is that the thing is cheaply made .
 I spent $ 200 getting it installed and boxed back up . It stated 7 feet , but was more like 4-5 . We checked power source , called for advice , everything . Technical support was slow and not helpful . Vendor was good , but when he sent me to the manufacturer , that 's when things went really bad . Manufacturer was awful , rude , and just could n't believe his product was n't up to standard . Tried to sell me a less powerful product as an exchange and promised that it would be better . I just was n't willing to invest more time and money at that point , especially with a manufacturer that was so rude and condescending . Never again for me .
 Brand new item and it leaks at the faucett . Changed the gasket , still leaks . Put the original gasket back and added another on top , it still leaks.Inferior crimping of metals . Not worth it to return , threw it away !
 This hose leaks . Does anybody know how to fix it ? I used the washer that was supplied with the hose but it leaks around the flange . I tried different rubber gaskets without success .
 This house may -LRB- or may not -RRB- leak , but it has a much more serious problem . My new hose reel requires female fittings on both ends of the leader hose and this 10 foot leader has a male fitting on one end and a female on the other , so it 's useless . My new reel requires a female fitting for attachment to the reel and it of course requires a female fitting at the faucet end -LRB- as do all faucets -RRB- . Also , the product smells really bad , so I 'm returning it to Amazon .
 As other reviewers have noted , the hose leaks from the flange and kinks easily . The leader should not be the weakest link , but in this case it was .
 I bought this hose as a replacement for a leader hose that came with a Suncast hose reel . The previous hose failed after just two months of light use -LRB- perhaps four times a week -RRB- , springing massive leaks into two separate places and rendering the entire setup useless . Unfortunately , I did n't realize I had purchased another Suncast hose until I received the package from Amazon . I was hoping maybe my previous hose had just been a lemon and that the new one would perform much better . But sure enough , the new one had a nick in the side and some sort of wire -LRB- ? -RRB- protruding from it . And sure enough , it leaked profusely -- so this one is going back , and I 'll be replacing it with a different brand . NOT impressed with the quality of Suncast 's hoses -- will definitely keep me from ever purchasing any of their products again .
 I like the quality of Coleman stuff . We have one of their campstoves , a lantern , and a couple of their sleeping bags -LRB- ! -RRB- - all over 40 years old - that still work great . And I 'm very pleased with our 5 year old Coleman grill and the neat little Coleman LED flashlight that I just bought.So I 'm thinking that this heater must have come from some other `` Coleman . '' Thing was put together so poorly that I had to take it apart and reassemble it before we could use it and , even with the fan feature , its heat output is marginal at best . I bought it to take the chill off one of our bathrooms on cool Florida mornings , and it does that - but just barely . I ca n't imagine it doing any good on a camping outing where the temps are freezing or below ! Oh , and the handle design could be a lot better , too , IMO . Seems like it would be easy to drop - not a good thing considering hot surfaces and all.Overall , a below-average product , I 'd say .
 Heater puts off a burning oil odor . I called Coleman for assistance they were NOT helpful . The person at Coleman said they have received calls regarding a hot oil smell from the heater and said it was do to oil used in the manufacturing and I should run it in my garage for an hour to see if it would discontinue putting of an odor . I followed his instructions and it made no difference so I let it go for another hour still no change.Unfortunately I first used it in my house for about 15 minutes . It made our whole house smell like burning oil -LRB- and still does 8 hours later -RRB- and it left our eyes irritated just like if we burned oil while cooking , hopefully this is n't toxic.Maybe we got a bad heater , no other reviews complained of a smell . But I would definitely advise that you test it outside or in your garage before using it in your house.I work retail and do n't want to come across as a whiner but our experience with this heater really sucked !
 I bought this heater as a tent heater for our cabin tent . We went camping in the mountains and pinned our hopes on this bugger to keep us warm . Around 1:00 am the propane ran out . Put in a new one in the `` frozen tent '' 2:00 am the batteries went dead . Brand new battery 's were put in at 10:00 pm . Lasted 4 hours with the fan going . 3:00 am kids woke up frozen and wanted to go home . Put new batteries in and new propane at 3:30 am . Tent still frozen at 5:00 am . Decided to set up wood burner that came with tent even though it had never been used . Expected lots of smoke and choking kids but unbelievably the wood stove did not smoke and heated the tent up to about 70 degrees . Kids and spouse survived . Lesson learned . Do not depend on this Coleman heater to keep your tent warm at night .
 I ordered this from Amazon . When it arrived , the fan motor never worked , and the heater actually looked like it had been used or at least unpackaged . My guess is that it was returned as defective already , and then shipped to me by mistake . I wound up returning it and buying another one at a camping store at considerably more expense . I am quite happy with the heater - it 's perfect for a larger , family - size tent .
 I bought this for use in a camper van for snow trips . Supposedly safe for use indoors , but it set off my carbon monoxide detector after about an hour . I 'm not comfortable at all using this inside . It would be a decent foot-warmer for off-season patio occasions though.If you get a catalytic heater like this , get a CO detector so you do n't wake up dead.It 's also larger than I thought -- the element is about 8 inches across . It 's hard to tell from the picture , but that might matter to you if you plan on traveling with it.Running the first bottle of fuel through it outside got rid of the first-time fire-up smell.The build quality is rather poor . I had to remove the chrome ring and re-seat the element because it was not aligned with the chassis properly . The propane bottle presses against the plastic body .
 Two other reviewers have mentioned it already
 I had ordered this item online on Amazon as the price seemed appropriate but was surprised when the color did not match the one shown online . I think I will buy it from a store next time to be sure I get what I want . Amazon needs to improve on this and make sure the customer has options about choosing what color they want -LRB- which was never an option when I ordered this item -RRB- .
 I ordered this sleeping bag after my daughter picked it out . She had picked it out because it was pink in color . Imagine her and my disappointment when the sleeping bag arrived for her birthday and was a deep wine color instead!Somehow the color is completely misrepresented . In addition my daughter noted that the inside material of the sleeping bag is also different from the image shown.Not sure who 's issue this is but the product image is incorrect as the part number on line matches what was shipped .
 The balancer is a very simple plastic thing that probably would have worked IF it was designed for John Deere blades for my 42 '' riding lawn tractor . Problem is , the balancer has many steps in the cone that needs to fit into the center hole in the blade to work . The hole size on my blades did n't fit any of the balancer steps so the product did not work for me .
 After many happy years with a Sevylor Classic I needed a new inflatable kayak and with Sevylor temporarily out of business I got the Coleman ; bad mistake . It felt flimsy and did n't handle well at all . Just avoiding subsurface rocks on a slow moving creek was an exercise in frustration and I 'm darn glad I did n't try the class 2 rapids I used to enjoy in the Sevylor . Ca n't straighten my legs out with that attached front seat in the way either so I was uncomfortable as well . One miserable twelve mile trip and I have n't touched it since .
 Used this one summer at a lake in the Adirondacks NY . Very difficult to paddle . Kids wanted to be towed .
 The blue pad releases visible smoke for perhaps an hour , that 's it . The mosquitoes are gone during that time , but they back come in full force .
 After having this lit for 30 minutes for the first time , I ventured outside . Within minutes I was being bitten while about 3 feet away from the lantern . Tried again while my daugher used her baby pool but there were swarms around her even though the lantern was 5-6 feet away on the table . No wind , no reason for it to not be working . Disappointed , wish I had n't bought extra of the strips but had desperately hoped for some relief from the mosquitos ! Not sure why this works for some , sure did n't do a thing for me .
 I had to make the sharp end of the wedge more acute in order to split hardwood . The original angles are incorrectly designed.I would not recommend buying it .
 I have four other pieces of Joan Baker art glass varying from small to quite large and love them all . So I did n't expect this piece to be significantly different . But it is ! It has dull dark gold lines between the glass colors - where the tiffany foil would be in real stained glass . For a small glass piece , there 's no room for this in the design - looks kind of crude - not like my others which are much more refined/detailed in their design.Also , there are violet colors added at the bottom of the piece , and it 's done so poorly that it almost looks like a child had dotted the glass with a felt tipped marker.None of these differences are visible in the product photo , but they 're clear when you 're holding it in person . I hung it up for a day to see if it would grow on me . No luck . Thank you Amazon for allowing this return .
 I bought this product hoping to get rid of my gnat problem in my house plants . I recently purchased and planted them , so I was quite annoyed to see that they were crawling with bugs . The bugs are driving me crazy and after reading a few reviews here I decided to give this product a try . Well ... so far , I only seem to have angered the bugs . I 'm hoping that they are dying , but as it is only day one can not be certain . I have no idea how long it takes for this product to take effect ... in other disappointing news , the canister came to me with a broken seal ... and it seems to be only half full . I am trying to resolve this new problem now . I might have been a little more easy going about the lack of a full container of product had the gnats not continued to fly around !
 it is opened . someone stole half of it . it does not work in my plants . dont buy it . so disappointed .
 I just opened my bottle of Bonide Systemic Houseplant Insect Control . The inner seal was not affixed but just lying on top of the bottle and the bottle is half empty . I am trying to get rid of fungus gnats in my plants . I did not find the directions clear and e-mailed the company yesterday and they were not helpful . I got that solved with a help from a local florist but now I do n't dare use what is left in the bottle as I ca n't trust what is contains . And there is n't enough for all my plants in any event . I had purchased this through Amazon whom I trust to only deal with reliable sellers . I saw feedback from another person with the same problem . I am anxious to get rid of the gnats and am very disappointed with this experience . I have e-mailed the seller .
 To combat a severe fungus gnat infestation , I applied this product according to the instructions to my indoor houseplants -LRB- pothos -RRB- . After several weeks , it has not stopped -LRB- or even slowed -RRB- the fungus gnat population.I have also tried : - Letting the soil dry completely between waterings - Neem Oil - Insecticidal Soap - Hydrogen PeroxideNone of these methods have been successful in eradicating the gnats . My plants have stopped growing entirely -LRB- probably due to larvae eating the roots -RRB- , and the larvae and adults can still be seen crawling and flying around.As a last resort , I have thrown out my plants and sterilized the pots . In the future , I will :1 . Be very careful to buy high-quality , well-draining potting soil ! 2 . Apply BTI -LRB- Bacillus thuringiensis var . israelensis -RRB- , which is the bacteria found in mosquito dunks .
 Bottle had been opened . It was not sealed closed . Just used some this PM and do n't know if the product is any goo but I am disappointed with the packaging or lack thereof . I think I was ripped off . The bottle was only about 60 % full of granules .
 I did n't know how hazardous this product is until I read the information on the bottle . It 's very scary . If it comes in contact with your skin you have to wash the area for 15 minutes . Do n't use it on outdoor plants - you do n't want it getting into the soil , etc. . And - in the end , it did n't work anyway -LRB- it was a gnat problem -RRB- so I did what another person said - I got rid of all my plants and am sterilizing the pots . Now - how do I safely dispose of it ?
 Not happy with the product followed the instruction and was still leave with the pest in my house plants . Wo n't try again .
 Do not buy or use this product - it contains Imidacloprid which poisons the environment . It is the toxic substance recently found to be responsible for the bee Colony Collapse Disorder -LRB- CCD -RRB- now devastating bee colonies in Europe and North America .
 All the leaves have fallen off my bouganvilla . I was treating it for aphids and gnats . I 'm not sure about this product .
 I have 4 ' Majesty Palms that do n't consume a lot of water , so this was not such a great choice . Systemic poison requires more watering than these plants require . It was ineffective entirely on mealy bugs . I recommend using a spray instead . A natural alternative is a good idea , as well , as it leaves more options if the treatment does n't work . Thanks .
 I bought a plant that had some gnats living in the soil , and tried this product to get rid of them . As far as i can tell , the gnats ate this product and got stronger and more obnoxious . This product is a complete waste of $ $ $ .
 The product image is misleading . The picture shows three extensions on the overflow drain , while the product sent to me only has two extensions . If I knew this I would of ordered an extension .
 I used this product -LRB- from a local hardware -RRB- side by side with gel - on the same day , same plants , same soil , same lights , etc. . Nothing Different ! The results from the gel so outstripped the powder that I do n't know why the powder is even on the market anymore . Maybe because some of us have n't tried or compared yet ? Get a gel like rootech . The extra cost is worth it . It goes farther than you 'd think and though I 've heard the gel has an expiration date mine has been just as effective after two months of use , dirt dropped in it , ashes , and whatnot . This is n't as detailed and pretty as some comparitive reviews , but I compared and there was no contest .
 I bought these gloves to wear to protect my hands and arms while working in my rose beds . It is advertised that the gloves would protect your hands from rose thorns . Well they do n't !! These gloves are just a little thicker than what I wear to wash my dishes , but with an added thin layer of leather on the palm . The gloves are great for pulling weeds without thorns , but do n't expect them to protect your hands or arms from anything sharp or thorny . I got as many thorns in my hands and arms while wearing these gloves , as I did when I worked in my cheep grocery store garden gloves .
 I would not recommend buying this belt . I have only used it to cut grass twice , on my 3rd time this weekend all of a sudden the cutting deck started to shake . I shut down the tractor and inspected the belt . About an inch section of the inside `` U '' shaped rubber was just missing . The outside wide part with the numbers on it was still intacked . I checked the blades and they spin fine . The drive belt on the main engine shaft above is still working . I thought I was getting a good price for a replacement belt but now I have to buy another . Should have known better . Going to get my exercise now cutting my 1 acre yard with push mower .
 This is supposed to be a weed/wild flower yet none of these 9000 seeds germinated . I am very disappointed and will not bother dealing with this company again .
 This has no `` Rain Sensor '' , described in the description and no input for one . Just like every other timer you can add a external stand alone sensor from rainbird . Without a simple rain delay functionality , and a more difficult interface I would recommend the Orbit timers , unless you need the Fuse-less surge protection feature . Their rain features are much more intuitive .
 This is a quality gas can but the picture is NOT the can you will receive . There are 2 different types of handle , metal or plastic . The picture shoes a metal handle which is what I thought I was getting , NOT ! The gas can you will get is the newer and CHEAPER type with the plastic handle . I just wanted to let others know about the plastic handle , I am not a big fan of using plastic on a handle that is handling a load . I hope it lasts as long as my metal handled can ...
 Look at the picture it shows a funnel but does not come with gas can so disapointed . The gas can is great but i bought it thinking it comes the way it is pictured .
 I guess not . Every gas can , including this one , has an idiotic contraption that will not stay open instead of a lid . While supposedly helping protect the environment from evaporating gasoline they insure that spills and waste will take place every time you use them . All I do with this one is store gas . When I actually need to pour gasoline into a machine , I use a funnel to transfer gas from this joke of a gas can into a 2 gallon can -LRB- made by the same manufacturer -RRB- that has a screw off lid that can be taken off and replaced with a short hose . Then I can easily pour the gas into the machine.I love bureaucrats who think they are improving the situation when all they do is make life more difficult.PS - I saw a great vid on YouTube where a guy did relatively simple surgery on a plastic gas can to convert it to something much more useable . Check it out .
 Can is OK but the spout is awful . Attached to the can it sticks out about 12 &#34; which makes it difficult to store . If yoy remove it there is no way to attach it to the can , and you have to keep up with it . I should have known that if it was approved in California it wouldee be dysfunctional .
 Buyer beware . You can not return this item to Amazon -LRB- due to product restrictions -RRB- , and in California -LRB- our lovely state with the beyond-the-absurd personal safety laws -RRB- the tank will not fill due to the `` special '' nozzle gas-emission prevention controls that restrict the gasoline flow into the can because the spout is not compatible . My solution is to try to find an old plastic gas can that I can fill at the gas station even with the newfangled station safety nozzle , and then manually transfer the gas to these tanks for longer term storage using a good old fashioned plastic spout.While the cans are nicely fabricated , I would NOT have purchased these expensive tanks if I had known they could not be filled directly at the gas station . Right now they sit empty in my garage as large metal doorstops .
 The gas can leaks gas everywhere . I threw the funnel in the trash . The funnel does not seal to the can , so gas leaks around it . It is a fine can for gas storage , but not for every day use . It is also very hard to put gas in it at the pumps . The spring is very strong . I have a plastic one that works much better for a fraction of the price .
 I ca n't put gas from the 100 octane pump directly . I read up on it and found a suggestion to try pulling on the black sleeve to trick the pump but it did n't work . Tried to return it less than a month after I bought it but amazon says it 's not returnable . Now I have to think twice about buying stuff from amazon .
 Ah ... the search to find a gas can that pours without making a mess . Unfortunately , this one is n't it.It is sturdy and I like the positive , spring-loaded , rubber-gasketed lid but filling is awkward -LRB- why not have a way to hold the lid open ? -RRB- . Most importantly , I could n't pour without spilling some gas no matter how I tried.The funnel is nearly useless , unless you do n't mind gas dribbling down the side of the can and onto your machinery or the ground . The problem is that the funnel does n't seal around the spout and even with careful pouring to try to keep the flow of gas beyond the funnel-spout connection , some fuel finds its way there and seeps through the `` seal '' and down along the side of the can . I tried taking the funnel off , using it in the traditional way , but still some fuel inevitably would spill down the spout aand the side of the can . The spout is just too short and wide to allow spill-less pouring , especially with a big , awkward can like this .
 I bought 4 of these cans in March 2007 . They are so bad , I have to throw them away and buy something that works.The problem with these cans is with the plastic funnel . First it 's very difficult to install because the clearance between the spring loaded cap and the funnel is too small to allow the funnel to fit . And it 's so fat , that you ca n't empty more than about 1/3 the can into a vehicle 's gas tank . The funnel does n't fit very well , so it ends up leaking gas on the floor under the can , and getting it all over you in the process . The only way to get gas into a vehicle is to buy a gooseneck funnel to stick in the filler pipe , and then pour the gas from these horribly designed cans into the funnel.We 're so stupid now , that we ca n't even design a gas can that works . This so called `` certified safety can '' leaks gas all over the area where it 's being used , and takes two people to use.DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!!!!!!!!!
 In my 59 years as a farm boy and then an engineer , I 've seen some poorly designed products ... and this one needs some work . Our water quality is quite good but my hydrants eventually begin to weep after it is shut down . I was sold these with the assurance by the sales person that the working/moving parts could be serviced above-ground . NOT-SO . The stem was so well stuck that I was sure that I was going to break it if I pulled any harder . So I reassembled the unit and worked the handle and adjusted the tension until it finally quit leaking . That is the last time I 've used either of the units . Now these exist as legacy waste on my farm and a lesson learned . Do n't buy these unless you want to dig them out of the ground after 3-4 years . Bad Product .
 Can someone comment on whether it would be as easy to break these chairs down for storage as it apparently is to assemble them ?
 I ordered this and had to exchange - TWICE . The first was damaged - all dented . The second was also dented and had a huge glob of glue dried on to it . The 3rd and final -LRB- now ask for refund -RRB- was the EXACT SAME tub I had just returned - they just re - packed and sent back ! The packaging very poor ... no wonder dented . Amazon never responded to my complaints - I expect they will give a refund . I am VERY DISAPPOINTMENT IN AMAZON !
 This bird feeder was a great deal and very cool looking but once in use all the small green hole plugs/rings fall out making it impossible to keep any bird seed in the feeder . This happened every day for a week despite my attempts to replace them and fit them into the holes better .
 Wrong item shipped . Took 4ever to get here . I was an idiot and did not realize this product was coming from another country.NEVER buy from these people . NEVER NEVER NEVER . Product was also of POOR quality . CHEAP . Wo n't even waste my time to try and exchange it
 This piece of `` paper '' called a flag seems as though it was made out of recycled paper ! When I tried attaching it to the clip , the ring on the inside of the flag ripped and fell out ! Do n't waste your time and do n't buy one !
 The flag looks better in the picture , but when you open the box , prepare for dissapointment . I purchased 7 flags to present to my family upon my return home from Afghanistan . I refuse to give my family these flags as a gift . Now I am stuck with them because it is not worth it to send them back . The only reason they did not get 1 star is because they shipped fast .
 The flag is a decent price and the delivery was fast . My problem is that the flag came with one of the grommets not attached to the material .
 this flag is supposed to represent the GREATEST country on earth and the makers are at fault as well as the SELLER ! $ 5 is not much to spend but i HATE that i wasted it on a flag with this poor quality . the flag is only printed on one side of the polyester . VERY DISAPPOINTED ! i WOULD NOT recommend this product and definitely NOT THE SELLER to anyone . EVER .
 This is a very poor quality flag , dont waste your money . It wouldnt last 5 minutes if you put it on a flag pole . I just have it hanging on the wall , but being that close you can see ALL of the imperfections .
 Received the flag with only 13 stars and has 15 stripes . Not sure what country it is from but certainly not a US flag . Total waste of money .
 Other flags may be sturdier , but you ca n't beat it for the price . Allows me to keep fresh , clean spares on hand without breaking the bank .
 Received the order very quickly . However , the flag was printed only on one side of the material . The colors show thru on the non-printed side , but appear washed out . However , since this flag was packaged together with a flag pole I wish I had known that the flag was not fit to be displayed on the pole . Also there was a spot of color bleaching on the star field -LRB- blue area of the flag -RRB- . I guess you get what you pay for .
 So I decided to go with a polyester flag as I had read that for high wind areas it was better than nylon ... well , I would n't suggest this particular flag because it looks cheap . Like REALLY cheap . Its very thin , feels almost like worn out cotton , and the printing is very sloppy , so the colors bleed and the stripes are kind of curved . I 'm almost embarrassed to try it on my flag pole ! I am hoping from 20ft above it wo n't look as cheap-o but I fear I wasted 5 bucks ... but I suppose what can you expect for 5 bucks right ? I would suggest this only if you need something disposable , like for a rally or game ... not for flying ...
 This is supposed to be a two sided flag but the backside is faded more than the front when new . This is not recommended.As an American soldier , I am embarassed to hang this flag due to the poor quality .
 Now granted this was rather cheap . But when I was getting it cheap I was expecting that to just be the materials . The dimensions on this flag are completely wrong . Its not even 3x5 ! And the blue portion takes about 1/3 of the entire flag up . The picture is misleading to what you actually get .
 Received the flag on 22 August and flew it every day . On 5 Oct , one of the grummets tore out and the other was rusted badly . Poor quality flag and the vendor would not replace outside of 30 days from delivery .
 Low quality fabric but ca n't complain because of the cheap price . But what made me unhappy is that the flag is not 5x3 . It 's actually 5x2 .75 might not seem like a big deal but I wanted to put this flag next to another flag on my wall but now I cant .
 the flag is wrong the blue field takes up half of the width of the flag it is very disappointing to get a flag so many have fought for that is just laid out wrong
 This was a cheap flag made in China , with poor printed quality . If I 'm not mistaken , the American flag is only supposed to be made in America . Wheres a good class action lawyer when it really matters ?
 The flag was thin walmart grade thin cloth painted stars , stripes , etc. . Wish there was a $ 10 flag that was sewn , where I am located flags only last a couple of weeks .
 This item was shipped and received within a week.It 's a poorly sewn and printed flag . It 's a really flimsy thin polyester material that feels almost as thin as tissue . I ironed and pressed it but could n't get all the wrinkles out . The sewing on this flag is off ; the top and bottom are sewn just a little too short for the flag to lay completely flat when placed on a flat surface . This causes the flag to pucker in many places , if you like the rippled look then this is the flag for you . The ripples make it look like it 's in the wind , even though it 's hanging on a wall indoors . I only paid $ 5 for the flag , it 's true what people say , you get what you pay for .
 I understand that you get what you pay for , but this is just awful . I was expecting cheap , thin material , but this flag is beyond defective . The blue portion is skewed and at an angle with the rest of the flag . Also , the white one the left side is virtually see through so you can see the dramatic angle of the blue material . The bottom red strip is also perpetually curled up , making it look thinner than the rest . I am not flying this flag , but hanging it on a wall . I imagine that it would last only a couple of hours if I flew it outside . The only reason I am giving it 2 instead of 1 stars is that it is cheap , so I have to expect some of this . The best comparison I can think of is Halloween costume quality.Although the flag is poor quality , this was delivered very promptly . It was folded and packaged well and fit into a small padded envelope .
 It is one big piece of Junk ! The material isvery thin and he prints colors ran into each other . The bottom line it may b worth the $ .01 but not the extra $ 4.99 fr shipping ad handling.Army , Navy & Military Flags - All Colors & Sizes !
 As posted before , the field of stars is out of dimension , goes half way across the flag . Other than that , it 's okay for $ 4 .
 very very thin , and came with one of the rings falling off of the flag , one strong wind and its gone , get somthing a little more durable .
 Not perfectly rectangular , cheap material , colors are not vibrant . If you need a cheap flag for indoor use only which will not be displayed , this will work . I discourage this flag being used for display , and do not recommend for outdoor use . If you need a cheap , low-quality , indoor flag for personal use , this works .
 I admit ... it is my fault for not looking very closly at the picture and also reading the other reviews . The feeder does arrive without this simple stamped piece of metal for a cover . Who needs a feeder that will allow the feed to get soaked ? So I buy the cover for another 8 + dollars . Be advised . . Hung as shown , it will NOT keep out much rain . I have added my own `` clips '' so it will now stay on and have plugged the big hole in the top . But I now have to put in on some bricks on the ground because I can not hang it . I believe sellng it seperatly , charging so much and misleading the buyers about `` stopping the rain '' is not good business practice . Do your reading and research .
 What a complete waste !!! It shows to get this item with the feeder . Does not work and you need something else to MAYBE make it work . I am irate !!!! It has no middle spool , so it has hole in the top ! Not as pictured ! . You would of thought they would of provided the spool so it blocks the rain . This is false advertising . It was listed to work with the feeder I bought . Also those clips on the bottom of the lid -LRB- shown in that picture -RRB- are likewise non-existant . Means it blows off and is completely useless.UPDATE
 Well mine died within a few weeks , though it seemed healthy at first . It would get a higher rating if the plant came with better care instructions . Since it says that it is an easy house plant I expected it to be suitable for someone that did n't know how to care for plants : -RRB-
 It 's very attractive , lightweight , top quality construction but not designed for the fast-order griller . You must take your time . Also has conflicting instructions as to whether to keep the lid on or not . We did and the burgers tasted almost boiled . I guess use your own intuition a bit . Cookbook can be downloaded from website for free or ordered from Cobb for $ 4.95 shipping -LRB- Cobb will not send via Media Mail -- it 's our money so I guess they 're not concerned about saving it -RRB- .
 I got my Cobb as a gift and have used it four times in a week . It 's handled a pork loin , chicken pieces , some random vegetables and a tray of hamburgers with no problems -- but I 'd expect that from any $ 19.95 cheapie grill , too . I like the Cobb , but it 's really hard to justify the price on this thing , particularly for the accessories . I 'm glad to have it , but I doubt I 'd buy it .
 i got this cute little grill last week , followed the directions and cooked hot dogs last night . it was interesting ill say that . i had the special charcoal and firestarter thick matches from the cobb company too . i guess the matches are good but you need to break them in half so they dont go out by rubbing up against the sides of the fire starter chamber . i had the big charcoal cake fall apart as i removed it from the wrapper so next time ill get the bricquettes . i sprayed the moat and the cover with pam like the directions said to and when it heated up it dripped all down and over the outside of the grill so i wont use that again and then when i put the cook top in place the air change sent ash into the pam sprayed moat so if i had vegetables to put in the moat i wouldnt have been able to do that . the hotdogs kept rolling off until i placed them like the spokes of an umbrella then they were fine . it took about thirty minutes to cook them and then i had the grill to clean so followed the instructions and poured soapy water in the moat . but first i pulled the charcoal out but there was ash in the fire chamber and when i went to empty the water out later there was an awful mess . ashes and gloppy water . then brought it all in the house and put it in the sink to wash , used sos on the parts that the book said i could and got it all scrubbed and clean and dried and put in the carry bag . then i thought how much less work a fry pan would have been and cheaper too ... but im willing to give it another try , the premise is a good one and i dont have the room for my webber any more . this can be stored in the apt . under the sink . im going to try chicken next . i have a feeling that will be better . it will probably be harder to clean up because this time im not spraying the pam on it and ill wait till i dump ALL the ash before i put any soapy water in it . but even if its not what i expected its just so darn cute ...
 I bought this grill to use with my RV . I have cooked twice with it now , once a steak and once a spatchcocked game hen . They both cooked OK , and the cleanup was n't bad with the steak -LRB- I remove most of the fat before cooking -RRB- , but the cleanup after cooking the game hen for an hour was awful . The thing is a wh . . Uh , Horror . . to clean after cooking something with some fat for that long . Some of the bird stuck to the grill grid and was nearly impossible to get off even after soaking in hot detergent water for nearly an hour . I was using this at home as a try-out and used a large utility sink to soak and clean , and still had a hard time . It would have been nearly impossible to clean it properly if I 'd been out in my RV .
 I was disappointed in this rather expensive grill and returned it . The fact that it was developed in South Africa might mean that maybe it 's designed for people without much in the way of a fuel supply . It uses 8-10 charcoal briquets which is not a lot of fire . I tried to cook a couple of 1-1/2 - inch-thick swordfish steaks and some vegetables . The veggies kept sliding off the nonstick grilling plate , which was annoying . I tried it with and without the dome -LRB- cover -RRB- . I finally gave up after an hour -LRB- including a half hour to let the briquets get hot per the instructions -RRB- and took everything into the house and finished it on the stove . The same meal on my little Weber Smoky Joe , which cost about $ 25 , would have cooked in 10 minutes or less .
 Received the great Cobb Cobber , Not so great , an aluminum grill plate with Teflon coating . I will not eat foods cooked on either aluminum or Teflon.It deserves a rating of less than ZERO !!!!! I was led to believe that it was ceramic !!! Bait and switch !!!!
 I was disappointed because I could not get the grill to cook a whole chicken up to 170 degrees . After 2 Hours I gave up and put it in the oven.I think if you want to use the grill as an oven , it works OK . But , if you have multiple Items -LRB- Like more skewers than can fit on at one time -RRB- that require you to open and Close the lid , it will not retain the heat to cook thoroughly.I sent it back !
 was missing the non-stick grilling surface when I got the box . I would rather buy a new part than ship evrything back and forth , from Alaska . no help from the Cobb website and the part is n't available from amazon . works well with the wok though .
 After I had a problem with my initial purchase back in June I called the customer support number for Cobb USA . I left three messages and sent an e-mail to them . NEVER RECEIVED A REPLY ! Called Amazon and received a replacement in two days . I am very pleased with Amazon , but will never buy anything from Cobb again .
 This is an interesting concept . But , the grill plate needs to be redesigned . I can only imagine the conversation around the boardroom table as the different designs were debated to replace the ceramic coated steel grill plate . Somehow , the board voted for the aluminum plate with Teflon coating . Hmmmm ... did n't anyone tell them that Dupont does n't recommend their Teflon coating be used at or above 500 degrees F ? This grill plate sits directly -LRB- a couple inches ? -RRB- above burning coals ! How hot is that ? Well , the Cobb ads say that the internal temp of the Cobb grill gets `` up to 500 degrees Fahrenheit ! '' What does that equate to in temperature of the grill plate surface ? I guess they opted for the superior heat distribution of the aluminum and the consumer friendliness of an inexpensive `` non stick surface . '' Wait ! Teflon degrades and emits potentially harmful fumes when heated at or above 500 degrees . Aw , current studies only say that the fumes will make people sick -LRB- `` flu like symptoms '' -RRB- with no lasting damage -LRB- wink -RRB- . Sure , it will kill birds . So , make sure you do n't cook around your pet parakeet . If you do n't believe me just check out the Dupont website
 Expired more than 2 years ago awesome , never buying this again thats for sure going to see if i can get a different bottle .
 As soon as I opened the box , I could see that the plant was not packed properly and was bent out of shape . Needless to say , the leaves started turning brown the very next day . The only reason I did n't bother returning the product is because it only costs $ 3.99 . But I certainly wo n't be ordering plants from this seller again .
 Let 's see . Spilled coffee . Rust stains that dripped off a plumber 's snake . Concord grape juice . A pet 's `` accident '' . And that 's just off the top of my head as I recall the various carpet stains I 've tried to resolve by using , er , RESOLVE SPOT & STAIN CARPET CLEANER.Well , this cleaner is consistent ... in that it consistently does n't lift the stains out . The directions are simple enough
 I used this Resolve cleaner on my rug for a stain from cocktail sauce . I assumed from everyone 's trust in Resolve branded products for their low prices and good performance , I bought this to clean out the stain . This was definitely no sloution for me . Only the slightly colored stains would come out . Everything else was still red-orange and even noticeable in the dark . I have bought generic Albertsons carpet solution on the stain and it worked wonderfully . This proves this Resolve product needs to be redone . I would not recommend any Resolve carpet cleaning products . The price was great but the performance was very poor .
 The unit did not come with wiring to connect to my battery . Instructions state that it requires a controller . I have 5 watt units that came with wiring and do not require a controller . I am disappointed with this purchase !
 I do not live in the optimal climate for this plant , but I fell in love with the tremendous , trailing , purple blooms in Italy . It likes dry , sunny conditions . CT is too humid . The plant is great , but the 2 stars are only because I do not have an ideal climate . Also , I rodered purple , and one plant is white , not purple .
 Surprised and happy when I opened the package to find 5 bulbs rather than 3 . Disappointed when only 2 grew and are not fairing well . Other plants are doing fine , but perhaps the problem is lack of detail in growing the water cannas in a pond .
 We planted the slips in our bog and they died . Minnesota marsh marigolds are hardier than Oregon marsh marigolds , because the two native plants we have are thriving .
 The fact that this is set to only sharpen one angle is not clearly represented in it 's presentation for sale . If you decide to buy it make sure your scissors have the correct angle or else it 's useless as is the one I bought .
 So I bought a few of these because I have friends with the same fishers scissors to sharpen , I tried to use it for the first time and it fell apart . So no sharp scissors only a pile of broken plastic .
 This product will only work on small stuff . If you 've got normal sized scissors get another product .
 I really want to like this - I think I had the heat a little to high on my grill -LRB- grill thermo read 475 , grill grates were closer to 650 -RRB- . My first use the nonstick coating stuck to my pizza and came off the pan - ruined pizza - ruined pan . very disappointing . I 'll probably get an uncoated pizza pan to use on the heat shield since teflon on a grill seems like a bad idea anyway .
 Wellll , If you like pizza crust with paint enamel stuck to it this is your pan . I used it and most of the enamel from the pan came off onto my crust . Amazon as usual was fast on delivery but the product was . . well a dissapointment .
 I ordered this item before reading all the reviews . after I ordered one review caught my eye . Seriously flawed was the title . the reviewer went on to say the teflon coating on the pan peeled off after the second use . I thought that must be a rare occurrence . wrong . the teflon peeled if on the first pizza . very disappointed , since the pizza was excellent . i ; mnow buying a stainless steel pan to use with the base . be careful coating is no good base is good at keeping bottom from burning . lesson learned ? read as many reviews as possible .
 After reading all the positive reviews I was so excited to use this ... followed all directions . The 1st pizza came out great , but the 2nd time I used it the teflon started peeling off ! Has this happened to anyone else ? I am unable to use it as it now has a rusty smell ...
 I love to grill pizza on my kamado style grill , but I 've always had issues with burning the edges of the crust . This product , by design , fixes that problem . Issue is , the black coating on the perferated pizza pan flakes off . I read the other reviews complaining of this problem , but I thought the defect in design would have been taken care of by now - I was wrong .
 The concept is great and it does cook good . The problem are 3 fold . First of all it was packaged very poorly so it was damaged . We called to discuss and they promply sent another one . This one was even more damaged . Secondly , the units are cheesy . Poor quality in materials and craftmanship . Third , the coating on the pan flacked of on its first use . I went out and bought a new pan and threw the original one out .
 Very disappointed to say the least to find that the pan 's black paint flakes off and winds up stuck to the bottom of the crust . Did not find this out until we had eaten most of it . Yuck . Do n't buy this product , its dangerous .
 I received this as a gift so I was unaware of the other reviews before using the product . I used it today , followed the instructions , and made a pizza . As others have stated , most of the non-stick surface came off and onto the pizza . The bottom of the crust had a shiny , metallic coating . Into the garbage it went . Save your money and buy a pizza stone . Works better without the toxic addition to your food .
 See my picture . The coating came off the pan and stuck to the bottom of our fist pizza . It ruined an otherwise perfect pie . Too bad . It seemed like a great product until we used it .
 AS ANOTHER REVIEWER HAS STATED , I WOULD BE VERY CONCERNED WITH THE HEALTH OF THIS PRODUCT . A GOOD AMOUNT -LRB- ABOUT 10 % -RRB- OF THE COATING CAME OFF THE 1ST TIME I USED IT AND ENDED UP LEACHING INTO THE BOTTOM OF THE CRUST OF MY PIZZA . THIS CA N'T BE GOOD . I WASHED IT FIRST , AS DIRECTED , AND COATED IN A THIN AMT . OF OIL , AS DIRECTED . BUYER BEWARE ! I RETURNED THE PRODUCT TO AMAZON FOR A REFUND .
 This pan would have been good if the non-stick surface would have stayed on the pan ... instead it stuck to the bottom of my carefully created pizza . . loss of good food . Who wants to eat plastic ?
 I recieved the grill in a timely manner . There were some reviews that mentioned they had trouble with the non-stick coating coming off on the pizza dough when thye used it the first time . I ignored there warnings since there were many more reviews that claimed they had no issues with the grill . I guess I was n't one of the fortunate ones !!! After one use , all the non stick coating was on the outside rim of my pizza and no longer on the pan . Eastman responded promptly to my inquiry about getting another pan and using non-stick spray on the new pan . Then two days later after confirming that they would ship a new one out at their expense , I recieved a message that they are back ordered . Did I want to wait or get a refund from Amazon . I have chosen to wait since the pizza does cook fantastic on the grill . Currently waiting in Columbus , OH .
 I really wish I could give this product a good review . The pizza turns out great and the company has great customer service . But , unfortunately the product is seriously flawed . I bought two of these and the first pizzas I made were good and we ate them , but then I was cleaning the pans and realized the surface had come off . I could see it on the bottom of some of the uneaten pizza . Sure does n't look healthy , but we 'd already downed them . So I called the manufacturer and with very little discussion they sent me two new pans that I received just a couple days later . Super customer service . This time I well oiled the pans and used prodigious amounts of flour on the bottom of the pizza . The problem was much less but the pizzas were still peppered with the pan coating . When the pans are clean you can see the bare spots where it flaked off . This ca n't be healthy and frankly even though the company was very supportive , the product should be pulled for safety reasons . Bummer ! If anyone knows of an alternative that does n't flake please reply . Maybe there is a cast iron pan out there with holes I could use on top of the heat shields ?
 I received this pan as a Christmas gift . I finally got around to trying it out last night . I was pretty excited about it because I 'd heard how great grilled pizza tastes . Unfortunatly I still do n't know if that 's true . My pizza stuck to the non-stick surface . As I was trying to pry the crust off the pan I noticed the non-stick surface had actually come off the pan and was stuck to my crust . Threw the pizza , pan and all , in the trash as I 'm sure eating that would n't be good idea at all . I 'll most likely continue to use the base for future pizzas but will purchase a stainless pan or pizza stone .
 I imagined I was going to get at least 12 inch stalks ... when I go the three stalks in the mail they were TINY . I put them in miracle grow and they just dont seem to be going very good . I have taken care of Cannas before and never had a problem !
 It turns out that the unit I originally received was defective . I called the manufacturer and they sent me a replacement unit -- no questions asked . I would like to change my rating to 5 stars . The product worked just as advertised and the marinated food was delicious . I was very impressed with the way the manufacturer took care of my problem .
 The first Reveo I got was broken when we unpacked it . A replacement was shipped promptly , but now the same part in the lid that was broken in shipment , has broken again . It 's a great premise , and I suppose it works well , but the fact that the lid is broken -LRB- again -RRB- after less than 20 uses makes me believe it has a fatal design flaw . Yes , the mfr has a one year warranty , but this is too pricey to only last a year , and too much hassle . I prefer my gadgets to be trouble free .
 I had very high hopes when I bought this product but soon came to realize that I had made a mistake . I am a BQ person and I thought that this would be the answer to making life a little easier -- not so . Upon receiving the product I had problems right out of the box -- the top upon being sealed would come off and spilling marinate all over the counter top . Tried to get the top to stay on with every trick I know but to no avail it just keeps falling off and I even read the directions three times so I know that I was doing everything properly . A few times when I got the top to stay on I found that the machine would not turn properly , I guess I could go on but I am so throughly discussed with this product that my frustration level is about to come off . I have tried to reach the compnay a number of times but the phone number that I keep calling is busy all the time -- I would have to think that there are many satisfied customers calling to compliment them on their superior product . I have emailed them out of frustration and of course their computer is evidently notworking . So for what ever its worth the machine is a real pooch and I am not prepared to deal with this $ 200.00 loss any longer .
 Just FYI
 I did n't even bother completely unpacking the thing . Old worn unsealed box , all the plastic surfaces looked as is scrubbed with ` Comet cleanser ' , sheen of grease residue on plastic too . The bag that the instructions were enclosed in had been through the mill too . I 've been a long time Amazon customer and this is the first time I 've seen this type of garbage . Therefore I put it on the manufacturer and not Amazon . If I buy a used , refurbished item I do n't expect to pay full price .
 I never have left a review before , but this is a new low . I was excited , even with this price tag . First use , it was working for 10 minutes , then it stopped turning . I was under the 5 LB food limit , so it does n't make sense . Okay , I tasted the meat after cooking and it was not better than a plastic bag marinade.Please , please , do not purchase this .
 I bought this machine full of hopes that it would improve my cooking by allowing my marination times to be shortened.It turned out that the contraption never works . The vacuum lid was never tight as it should have been , becoming detached every time I tried to use it . The resulting BBQ sauce all over the kitchen which is not my sort of entertainment.After sitting lame for four months , I took it to the city dump and left it there in the hope that will be put to sleep before a hapless cook can find it.I am very disappointed indeed !
 This product was showcased on TV and I was intrigued . I 'm not a gourmet chef , but I do enjoy cooking . And if there 's one thing I 'm not good at in the kitchen , it 's planning ahead when it comes to dinner . So the Reveo sounded like the ultimate kitchen gadget to me . I was put off by the price but after reading all the 5-star reviews , I decided to take the plunge . I ordered my very own Reveo . I could hardly wait to get it out of the box . My first try was a simple oil , vinegar , garlic , salt , and pepper marinade that I whipped up myself . I put fresh green beans and chopped potatoes into the Reveo with some marinade and let ` er rip . Once that batch was done , I threw in some raw peeled shrimp with more of the marinade . I followed the instructions -LRB- which are pretty simple -RRB- and marinated both batches for the appropriate time . The veggies did n't seem to absorb any of the flavor but the shrimp did . This is not surprising because I could 've marinated the shrimp for a little longer on the counter and achieved the same effect . The next night I tried a London broil with my favorite homemade steak marinade , which I would ordinarily marinate the steak in overnight . I marinated the steak in the Reveo for the specified time and put it on the grill . While some of the flavor did make it into the steak , it was not bursting with flavor as it is after an overnight marinate . It 's not that this product does n't work , it just does n't work to the tune of $ 200 . If it were a $ 40 gadget , I probably would 've kept it . But for $ 200 , I wanted to be blown away . Since I was not , I 've decided to return it . Also , it 's worth noting that this product is pretty large . I was expecting a relatively small box , but what I got was larger than a breadmaker . This is n't a good or a bad thing - I 'm just saying clear some room on the counter for this if you decide to purchase.Bottom line
 Got this after reading great reviews . . Worked great for quite a few marinades . . Developed a leak . . out of business and no parts . .
 The Marivac works extremely well and all the positive reviews are true.The problem is that the vacuum chamber knob on the top will snap off if it ever is dropped . This item is not available from any source except directly from Eastman.When I called they said it was on back order . The next time I called they took my info including credit card info but never sent the lid.This is a very expensive piece of junk with out the lid.BE CAREFUL when doing web searches . When I opened a search for '' MariVac lid '' something took over my computer and I had to shut it down to stop it.Eastman says they are the only source for parts and one must call then to get parts . Except they did not ship any.UPDATE 2-3-2012The same day that I posted this review -- Eastman left a message on my answering machine with a phone number and a order number . I called them and they processed my order and I now have two lids for this marinator . I love what this can do when you need to marinate something at the last minute . Just do not let the lid fall and hit the floor and if you do -- good luck in getting a replacement . The good news is the lid is cheap if you can purchase one .
 The lid comes off my Reveo MariVac Food Tumbler while it is tumbling and the vaccum is very hard to remove.I am about ready to get rid of it because I am frustated with this contraption .
 My project took about 3 weeks to complete . Before the end of my project the grass was growing through the fabric like it was not there . Save your money and head down to HD and get their pro grade . It works . Also , do n't fall for the warranty . When you read the fine print you have to return all of the material to qualify . The only reason I gave it a 1 is because there is nothing lower .
 These three papyrus plants looked as if they 'd just sprouted from seed about two days before shipping . They died within two days of planting and for that you charged $ 19.99 ! The Elephant 's Ears on the same order from Hughes were the same -- seedlings with no developed root bulb . Only one of them is still alive . I ordered a papyrus plant from another online nursery and they shipped a full-grown , 1-gallon can plant for $ 12.95 and about $ 5.00 for shipping . Too bad Amazon is providing a marketplace for this kind of deceptive selling .
 Guys - These knee pads are pretty useless . Years ago , I saw migrant workers using pieces of folded cardboard duct taped around their knees for protection from hard surfaces . These are comparable and are an embarrassment to the Bucket Boss brand -LRB- assuming they read this type of review -RRB- . The padding is nil , the straps are so long they ca n't fit normal legs , and I will not buy things from Bucket Boss again . I even poked my finger on a heavy duty staple on the packaging . Keep looking for a better quality product guys .
 Bought a pair about 2 years ago that I loved . The quality of the construction on these has declined terribly . They are flimsy and are not actually the same pair of pads as they are advetised to be .
 Donald S. is correct I also bought some for the shop a while back left positive feed back.Tried to buy more they were not avaliable at that time , checked again and there they were.Purchased 3 sets wiped out the ones I was using the first day ... NOTHING like the old pads.I wore out the velcro straps before tearing up the rubber on the old units . New units litralyfell apart ... BIG disappointment . Wonder if the Fiskars 94180 are the same . or better .
 My husband has a neurological disorder that causes him to lose his balance often . So he uses knee pads to help soften the blow . He needs thicker pads than what these offer . We got two pairs and they are the lightest and thinnest pads we have ever seen . They may be comfy , but they offer little protection if you happen to fall on your knees . No good .
 I ordered this product thinking it was going to be 1 gallon since the picture show a gallon . When I looked for the information on this product it does not say what size it is . When I recieved the product it is only a 1 quart . If I would have known I would have order the other the seaweed from a different site . Plus the s/h was the same amount as the product . Next time I will order from a the other site instead since that site is 1 gallon not 1 quart . Now I know !
 Item defines plants to be 4 x 4 x 8 inches This is not the case . This may have been what it started out at but it was cut into 3 plants about 11/2 inches of dirt . Yes 8 inches tall ... that part was true . These are tiny `` plants '' . The are more like seedlings . Total waste of time & money . Wish I could upload a picture of this mess .
 Purchased thru amazon and from Rons Home Hardware.When I installed the thing , I realized the actual guage on it was defective , would not measure when I adjusted , although it appeared the water pressure -LRB- the actual water shooting out -RRB- was being adjusted , I needed the guage on it to tell me what psi it was at and it did not work.called Raindrip in Cali , they sent me to technical support . Once I got the little pipsqueak , Ezekial , to actually listen to what I was saying , he agreed the guage part of the regulator was defective and said he would ship a whole new regulaltor to me with return labels for the defective one.NEVER HAPPENED . I HAVE PLACED NUMEROUSE CALLS TO CUST . SERV . WHO , BY THE WAY SAY THEY CAN NOT HELP ME SO THEY DUMP ME INTO EZEKIAL 'S VM AND HE NEVER CALLS OR EMAILS BACK.I HAVE LEFT VOICEMAILS IN GENERAL MAILBOX , NO ONE CALLS BACK.RAINDRIP , STINKS SO i BOUGHT A DIFFERENT BRAND WITH A MUCH BETTER RATING ITS CALLED VALTERA.I had to notify Rons Home hardware -LRB- amazon purchase -RRB- immediately refunded my $ plus shipping .
 I was unable to get this to stop dripping , even with vise grips . It is a bit disappointing . Very nice design otherwise .
 Does what I wanted except with the minimal flow through I 'm stalled.Looking for something else now.Bob
 I was surprised upon receiving this product to find a note inside the plastic clamshell packaging stating
 I have a KASCO aerator that has been sitting in the backyard pond for 3 years . It died while operating under normal conditions , apparently due to a bad seal . The company gave me NO RELIEF whatsoever and finally quit returning calls . I 'm not about to pay $ 1200 to replace a supposedly heavy-duty motor that should have lasted 5 or 10 years . Very disappointing .
 The included 75 ' of tubing provided a good amount of coverage to water everything around my pool deck . The included drippers work great and they plumbed in easily and quickly . Unfortunately though , as others have commented the faucet attachment portion leaks horribly and just ends up flooding my patio . If I ca n't fix it with a better O ring I am going to have to return it.Update
 The timer on this kit is extremely low quality . All of the fittings are plastic and it seemed as though the threading would strip on its first installation . The knobs fell off the first time I tried to use them .
 Got the product hooked it up , and it worked fine for a week . Then product stopped working , tried changing batteries no help . Allmost killed 6 hanging baskets on my porch . Would not buy from raindrip ever again !!!!!!!!!!!!
 We used to have two of these . After about a year both timers got stuck in the On position . A set of news batteries did n't help.Very convenient while it worked but I would recommend getting a more reliable timer than the the one included in this kit .
 I bought this kit at a home improvement store and tried to install it in my container garden . The timer worked for less than a day , before the moisture got to it and ruined it . The larger hose is not flexible enough to go around corners and make turns - it is stiff , brittle and prone to crimping . The system leaked at almost every juncture . Even before I finished installing it , I ended up ripping it all out and just throwing it away . Back to the drawing board , hopefully this time with a higher quality product !
 Timer would not stop the water flow ... flooded all the plants ! Reset the timer various times with no change ... timer would not cut off the water to the plants .
 I live in an apartment and was hoping to use this to water my indoor plants and small kitchen garden while on holiday but the timer does n't fit the kitchen faucet . I ca n't figure out how to get it working :-LRB- I guess I need a connector of some sort and might change the rating once I get it working but I was really disappointed .
 My order never arrived and when I requested that the product be resent - by the time Amazon got around to addressing my order - the product was no longer available . This was 3 weeks after the order was placed ! This is the second order -LRB- for different products -RRB- that Amazon has messed up .
 The flow is good , but it lasted less than 2 years . For the price , it should last longer than that .
 I searched the web for the rain lily and it was advertised as 3 plants . It came as small numerous bulbs which I could 've purchased locally a lot cheaper . I assumed that I would get 3 plants per order so I ordered 5 thinking I was going to receive 15 `` plants '' not bulbs with little whispy leaves that 70 % have died due to being so small , they 'll probably come back next year , but I was wanting 15 plants to place in my newly erected planter box .
 I purchased a white and yellow last year and was happy with the size and condition of the plants . However when I ordered a pink and a red one this year they were completely different . the pink one was again healthy , of nice size about 4 inches long and had some foliage . The red one had rotten roots , no foliage and was only 2 '' long . I returned only the small one and was sent 2 more for replacement , but again I was sent two very tiny bulbs . I 'm frustrated that they would send such small ones again after I even stated the reason for the return when I sent it back ! I 'm not going to through returning them again as Im not sure that it would be any better next time .
 I only have just one thing to say about this order . The white lily looked beautiful in the picture but if you live in Arizona , do not order this in the summer time . When my order was received from UPS , it came boxed in a little bag of water . Unfortunately , this water was about 115 degrees , maybe more . . sitting in the back of the UPS truck at 150 degrees , did n't do these plants any good whatsoever . I called Amazon and they were more than gracious about replacing them . They replaced them the next week , and it was the same temperature and I received the next batch exactly the same way , Even with over night delivery . So really this order did n't work out for me . Since I never got enjoy this item I had to rate it 1 star , if it had n't been boiled it probably would have been a nice lily . I may reorder these later in the year but for now I 've given up .
 I bought this for my hubby for Christmas and when he opened it , he loved it ! He 's an engineer and somewhat of a ` techy ' guy so it was a nice surprise -LRB- not something he had asked for -RRB- . He placed the outdoor unit just outside our front door , covered by an open porch and it worked very nicely ... . for a month anyways ... We 've had some bitterly cold days/nites here in Illinois and it is no longer transmitting a signal to the inside unit . He replaced the batteries , fanagled it a bit , but it is still not transmitting to the indoor unit . The atomic clock works and the indoor thermometer works , but it does n't tell us the outdoor temp anymore . What a HUGE disappointment !!
 I was initially satisfied but now it is essentially not working . FirstI lost the remote temp and now the main unit is do dim you ca n't read it .
 The outdoor unit consistently reads .3 -1 degree higher than the indoor , even when they 're standing next to each other.My unit 's outdoor sensor stopped transmitting less than 24 hours after I turned it on and it has n't worked since . I live in northeast Texas -- hardly an extreme climate.It 's been a week and the atomic clock still has n't successfully connected once -- not even when I stand in the front yard to get a clear signal.Also , the backlight/snooze button whines like a dying mosquito for a few seconds when activated.Besides those things , the alarm seems to work fine and the temperature measured is fairly accurate and consistent . The ice alarm is a neat idea
 This unit has everything going for it , feature-wise . I bought it in defiance of some of the negative reviews it has received.After having used it for a couple/several months now , my report is
 The base unit seemed to work fine . Accessed atomic clock OK . I liked the display . The manual was OK . The remote seemed to read the correct temperature . However , the two did not communicate as specified . Sometimes they would if the remote was adjacent to the base . They would not , reliably , if they were inside and outside , respectively . Very disappointed . I thought Honeywell would qualify their products better . This function -LRB- wireless indoor/outdoor -RRB- is not a tough technical challenge . Returned product .
 Set up must be followed according to manual or you wo n't get outside air temp to display . Unit frequently lost signal even though unit was only 30 feet from outside transmitter.this seems to be common problem with weather stations . You need to remove batteries , reinstall batteries with transmitter close by , to reset . Eventually I got tired of this and used my iphone app to show me outside air temp
 I should have read the reviews BEFORE I bought this . It does not keep the remote temperature . The company does not stand behind their products , and will not give replacement or refund , so buy at your own risk . Also be careful of the companies that your buy items from on here . This one is not helpful at all and could not care that they sold me junk !
 I could not get this item working nore than two days at a time . I tried tech . assistance twice but the system would not work more than two-three days before it would quit transmetting tempt . readings.I returned it and got a Oregon scientific system that has been working great for over three years .
 When the indoor and outdoor units were sitting side by side they were about 2 degrees apart . I would have expected them to read the same . No adjustment to correct for this . Answer from Honeywell was Plus or minus 2 degrees is the specification . Sorry , I should have purchased a different unit .
 I ca n't really give this a review as I have not use it . By the written description of the item I thought it had the feature I need - an adible alarm I could set to go off at a temperature I decide upon . Unfortunately it goes off at 32 degrees , I can not change that . So , I was goign to send it back but after realizing I paid $ 6.00 shipping to receive it , would have to pay shipping to send it back and then the company charges a 15 % restocking fee , well , it was n't worth it . I will probably pass it along to someone at some point but it is useless to me .
 I used this product over the winter . I used very little and it ended up killing my lawn and ground cover . If you have a lawn orplants near your drive or sidewalk - DO NOT USE THIS PRODUCT . It killed teh lawn so completely , I wonder what the effect is on animal paws ?
 After reading some of the reviews , and seeing it at the local Petsmart , I decided to give this a try . It can turn the snow into blue slush , but it was n't able to melt any ice . Maybe getting close to 0 degrees F is a little too cold for this product to work . It might work in areas where it 's only just below freezing .
 I live in an area where the ice/snow buildup is seldom more than an inch or two . We do experience periods of several days where the temperature is never above freezing . During that time , I did not see any melting action at all . The granules provide some traction on outdoor stairs , but the ice was still there , not melted and I was using generous amounts . At this price , I think there are better more cost effective alternatives which are also pet-friendly . Ace Hardware has their own brand of ice-melter which says it is pet-friendly . I tried some and it works better for me , and is definitely much cheaper
 Buyer beware when using safepaw . It is NOT SAFE on your cement driveway or stairs ! We used a very small amount on our walkway and cement steps . The next day , our cement steps began to crack and flake , causing serious damage . We documented and sent a complaint to the manufacturer , which was responded to with denial of any responsibility .
 I used this product and it killed the entire lawn area next to the driveway . The area had to be replaced with sod . It also killed some ground cover . I attemted to contact the company twice , and so far , no response . It damaged the plants so much , it makes me wonder what effect it will have on pets .
 I bought some of this rather pricey stuff to see if it would make my poor old dog 's feet less uncomfortable in the winter . So far so good , but I have a list of pros and cons about it.Pros : Ostensibly safe for your pets.Lots of websites say it 's safe -LRB- while also taking advertising from Safe Paw -RRB- . Pleasant blue color looks like `` Nerds '' candy , which is tasty.Same blue color makes snow look like a Wild Raspberry-flavored Sno Cone ; also tasty.If you 're trying to impress a pet-lover in a wintry environment s/he might think you 're sweet for buying it for her/him . Cons : Probably does n't taste as good as it looks.Part of the packaging uses `` effect '' where it should have used `` affect . `` Does n't melt ice.Verdict : Yeah , it 's safe for paws . Not so much for hips , since my dog keeps falling down on the ice it 's totally ineffective at melting.Since the ice melting seems to be its primary purpose , it 's really not worth buying .
 I used this product over an Illinois winter . Although we got a great deal of snow and Ice I used it very sparingly -LRB- not even an full container over the entire winter -RRB- . In the spring I realized that it had killed the lawn in all areas adjacent to where it was used . Watering did nothing to revive the dead lawn and I ended up replacing it with sod . The package claims that it is safe for lawns.The product is so destructive to plants , it makes me wonder what harmful effects it may have on animals .
 I used this product last winter and it killed part of my lawn and some ground cover . The lawn was completely dead along the entire driveway where I used the product . I only had the small size container and did n't even use all of it over the entire winter , but it served as a very potent grass killer.Since it 's so toxic to plants , I question if it 's safe for pets .
 This pump lasted me two months and then stopped circulating water . Then Savio got out of even considering meeting its warranty because I had to cut the cord to get the pump sent to them . In other words , do n't waste your money by trusting this brand .
 Blade was chewed up after one storm . Brush is nice but is useless without the blade . Look elsewhere if you count of this for everyday use .
 I 'm disappointed with this scraper . The edge is uneven so you only scrape a slim path with each stroke . It 's no better than a cheap one you could buy at a gas station .
 My husband bought two for Christmas presents . After using one on a heavily-frosted windshield , he found that this item worked no better nor worse than what is available in stores . He relied on the ad in Popular Mechanics to promote a unique product or one which would surpass the average plastic tool found any where . The dip in the handle allows you to get a good grip and to use extra force , but the blade is a narrow strip of plastic which did not clear evenly . Save your money/postage and give this one a pass . .
 Perhaps it was because I pulled it out of a cold car before using it , but it snapped in half within 2 minutes of using it . Do n't waste your money .
 Ok so at first I thought this thing was great but then we had a little ice here in Ky. . As soon as I tried to use this thing on ice it broke . Do n't get me wrong plastic breaks and that is OK I guess . The real problem I have with this thing is that the primary reason I bought it was that the scraper appeared to be replaceable . The only problem is that it is not replaceable and the manufacturer will not send out the replacement part either . I mean when you look at the thing it clearly looks like it is made from replaceable parts but its not . Scrapers break all the time and there is no way I would spend the money on something like this again knowing that it can not be repaired .
 I bought this and the Mallory 532 26 &#34; Snow Brush . The Mallory brush is far better than the Hopkins brush . Get the Mallory brush instead !! http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000BPLNXC/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_img_sol_1
 Very flimsy construction . DO NOT recommend this for a professional look , or even for a serious hobbiest . It 's okay if you do n't expect it to last too long .
 Ames snow shovel - I am giving the shovel only 2 stars because even with spray the snow sticks to the shovel . I purchased it because it was very light in weight and snow would slide off easily . It is light but I have others that are just as light . So I now am using my old shovel over this one .
 I placed my order on May 20th and it took them until June 8th to get it in UPS ground . 19 DAYS . And even with that lag it 'll still be a few more until it reaches me . The local custom made places said they 'd have it done in 3 weeks . NO EXCUSE for this vendor to take so long with something prefab.I 'll update this review when/if I ever get the thing but for now I would not recommend buying from this seller if for no other reason than I could have gotten it by now anywhere else . They were very slow to respond to emails and their turnaround time was unacceptable .
 I ordered three of these from Hirt 's through Amazon and regret that I had not checked reviews for Hirt 's Nursery prior to placing an order . The plants arrived today in deplorable condition
 These chairs were delivered in such a damaged condition , it looked like they had been dragged behind the delivery truck . The cardboard packaging was torn and dented and had been re-taped several times , and the chairs themselves were broken . The meager amount of styrofoam protection was broken to bits inside the box . We sent them back , reporting the sorry condition , and asked for replacements . When the replacements arrived , the boxes were in no better condition , and we refused delivery without even opening them -LRB- we could see through an open seam in one box that one of the chairs inside was broken -RRB- . It is unfortunate that the manufacturer would waste perfectly good merchandise by not providing adequate packaging .
 WE HAD FIVE SHIPMENTS OF THIS PRODUCT - FOUR WERE BROKEN AND HAD TO BE RETURNED THE ONE WE KEPT IS ALREADY BEGINNING TO CRACK - I STRONGLY RECOMMEND YOU LOOK AT ANOTHER OPTIONS
 Chairs are great if you can ever get some that are not broken during shipping . Packaging is horrible . Better have patience and time to receive multiple shipments to get non broken chairs .
 This seemed like it would work great when I first put it on the tree . It was easy to put on and when I tightened it , the tree straightened right up . But then , a strong gust of wind blew it and it spun to the other side of the tree . When I swung the arm back , the bark got ripped off . The tree will probably die.If you 'd like to try this in a windy area , I recommend driving stakes into the ground on either side of the arm to block it from spinning .
 I would never spend the money one of these things costs , but I was lucky to come across one for free , and was curious as to how it worked . Because when you plug it in , it does n't make any noise , vibration , or anything . All it does is flash a red LED on and off , that 's it.So I decided to open it up and see what is on the inside . Having a strong background in electronics , I had to laugh when all that was inside was basically a small coil and a circuit to make the LED flash on and off.I did a search on the internet , and I see there has already been complaints against this product from the Federal Trade Commission.I associate with squirrels and wildlife on a daily basis . I pluged this unit in outside on the deck when the squirrels came up for a snack , and they paid no attention to this device , even when placed under thier food dish with an extension cord while I video taped it to show to others how ridiculous this quack device is . I found some spiders and insects outside and placed the unit next to them with the traveling extension cord , and the same thing , they could care less about it.The worst part is that there are only about $ 2 - $ 5 worth of parts on the inside , and they charge around $ 40 for it ?
 It took a long time to receive this book . We were really looking forward to getting it , but were disappointed upon receipt . It does provide good pics , but not very much information . That could be because we were looking for a book with information about restoring a Scout not just one to tell us about it . Maybe we just picked the wrong book .
 very very thin , and came with one of the rings falling off of the flag , one strong wind and its gone , get somthing a little more durable .
 Not perfectly rectangular , cheap material , colors are not vibrant . If you need a cheap flag for indoor use only which will not be displayed , this will work . I discourage this flag being used for display , and do not recommend for outdoor use . If you need a cheap , low-quality , indoor flag for personal use , this works .
 I understand that you get what you pay for , but this is just awful . I was expecting cheap , thin material , but this flag is beyond defective . The blue portion is skewed and at an angle with the rest of the flag . Also , the white one the left side is virtually see through so you can see the dramatic angle of the blue material . The bottom red strip is also perpetually curled up , making it look thinner than the rest . I am not flying this flag , but hanging it on a wall . I imagine that it would last only a couple of hours if I flew it outside . The only reason I am giving it 2 instead of 1 stars is that it is cheap , so I have to expect some of this . The best comparison I can think of is Halloween costume quality.Although the flag is poor quality , this was delivered very promptly . It was folded and packaged well and fit into a small padded envelope .
 It is one big piece of Junk ! The material isvery thin and he prints colors ran into each other . The bottom line it may b worth the $ .01 but not the extra $ 4.99 fr shipping ad handling.Army , Navy & Military Flags - All Colors & Sizes !
 As posted before , the field of stars is out of dimension , goes half way across the flag . Other than that , it 's okay for $ 4 .
 Received the flag with only 13 stars and has 15 stripes . Not sure what country it is from but certainly not a US flag . Total waste of money .
 the flag is wrong the blue field takes up half of the width of the flag it is very disappointing to get a flag so many have fought for that is just laid out wrong
 This was a cheap flag made in China , with poor printed quality . If I 'm not mistaken , the American flag is only supposed to be made in America . Wheres a good class action lawyer when it really matters ?
 The flag was thin walmart grade thin cloth painted stars , stripes , etc. . Wish there was a $ 10 flag that was sewn , where I am located flags only last a couple of weeks .
 So I decided to go with a polyester flag as I had read that for high wind areas it was better than nylon ... well , I would n't suggest this particular flag because it looks cheap . Like REALLY cheap . Its very thin , feels almost like worn out cotton , and the printing is very sloppy , so the colors bleed and the stripes are kind of curved . I 'm almost embarrassed to try it on my flag pole ! I am hoping from 20ft above it wo n't look as cheap-o but I fear I wasted 5 bucks ... but I suppose what can you expect for 5 bucks right ? I would suggest this only if you need something disposable , like for a rally or game ... not for flying ...
 This is supposed to be a two sided flag but the backside is faded more than the front when new . This is not recommended.As an American soldier , I am embarassed to hang this flag due to the poor quality .
 Now granted this was rather cheap . But when I was getting it cheap I was expecting that to just be the materials . The dimensions on this flag are completely wrong . Its not even 3x5 ! And the blue portion takes about 1/3 of the entire flag up . The picture is misleading to what you actually get .
 Received the flag on 22 August and flew it every day . On 5 Oct , one of the grummets tore out and the other was rusted badly . Poor quality flag and the vendor would not replace outside of 30 days from delivery .
 Low quality fabric but ca n't complain because of the cheap price . But what made me unhappy is that the flag is not 5x3 . It 's actually 5x2 .75 might not seem like a big deal but I wanted to put this flag next to another flag on my wall but now I cant .
 Other flags may be sturdier , but you ca n't beat it for the price . Allows me to keep fresh , clean spares on hand without breaking the bank .
 Received the order very quickly . However , the flag was printed only on one side of the material . The colors show thru on the non-printed side , but appear washed out . However , since this flag was packaged together with a flag pole I wish I had known that the flag was not fit to be displayed on the pole . Also there was a spot of color bleaching on the star field -LRB- blue area of the flag -RRB- . I guess you get what you pay for .
 This item was shipped and received within a week.It 's a poorly sewn and printed flag . It 's a really flimsy thin polyester material that feels almost as thin as tissue . I ironed and pressed it but could n't get all the wrinkles out . The sewing on this flag is off ; the top and bottom are sewn just a little too short for the flag to lay completely flat when placed on a flat surface . This causes the flag to pucker in many places , if you like the rippled look then this is the flag for you . The ripples make it look like it 's in the wind , even though it 's hanging on a wall indoors . I only paid $ 5 for the flag , it 's true what people say , you get what you pay for .
 This piece of `` paper '' called a flag seems as though it was made out of recycled paper ! When I tried attaching it to the clip , the ring on the inside of the flag ripped and fell out ! Do n't waste your time and do n't buy one !
 The flag looks better in the picture , but when you open the box , prepare for dissapointment . I purchased 7 flags to present to my family upon my return home from Afghanistan . I refuse to give my family these flags as a gift . Now I am stuck with them because it is not worth it to send them back . The only reason they did not get 1 star is because they shipped fast .
 The flag is a decent price and the delivery was fast . My problem is that the flag came with one of the grommets not attached to the material .
 this flag is supposed to represent the GREATEST country on earth and the makers are at fault as well as the SELLER ! $ 5 is not much to spend but i HATE that i wasted it on a flag with this poor quality . the flag is only printed on one side of the polyester . VERY DISAPPOINTED ! i WOULD NOT recommend this product and definitely NOT THE SELLER to anyone . EVER .
 This is a very poor quality flag , dont waste your money . It wouldnt last 5 minutes if you put it on a flag pole . I just have it hanging on the wall , but being that close you can see ALL of the imperfections .
 Wrong item shipped . Took 4ever to get here . I was an idiot and did not realize this product was coming from another country.NEVER buy from these people . NEVER NEVER NEVER . Product was also of POOR quality . CHEAP . Wo n't even waste my time to try and exchange it
 I understand that you get what you pay for , but this is just awful . I was expecting cheap , thin material , but this flag is beyond defective . The blue portion is skewed and at an angle with the rest of the flag . Also , the white one the left side is virtually see through so you can see the dramatic angle of the blue material . The bottom red strip is also perpetually curled up , making it look thinner than the rest . I am not flying this flag , but hanging it on a wall . I imagine that it would last only a couple of hours if I flew it outside . The only reason I am giving it 2 instead of 1 stars is that it is cheap , so I have to expect some of this . The best comparison I can think of is Halloween costume quality.Although the flag is poor quality , this was delivered very promptly . It was folded and packaged well and fit into a small padded envelope .
 It is one big piece of Junk ! The material isvery thin and he prints colors ran into each other . The bottom line it may b worth the $ .01 but not the extra $ 4.99 fr shipping ad handling.Army , Navy & Military Flags - All Colors & Sizes !
 As posted before , the field of stars is out of dimension , goes half way across the flag . Other than that , it 's okay for $ 4 .
 very very thin , and came with one of the rings falling off of the flag , one strong wind and its gone , get somthing a little more durable .
 Not perfectly rectangular , cheap material , colors are not vibrant . If you need a cheap flag for indoor use only which will not be displayed , this will work . I discourage this flag being used for display , and do not recommend for outdoor use . If you need a cheap , low-quality , indoor flag for personal use , this works .
 This item was shipped and received within a week.It 's a poorly sewn and printed flag . It 's a really flimsy thin polyester material that feels almost as thin as tissue . I ironed and pressed it but could n't get all the wrinkles out . The sewing on this flag is off ; the top and bottom are sewn just a little too short for the flag to lay completely flat when placed on a flat surface . This causes the flag to pucker in many places , if you like the rippled look then this is the flag for you . The ripples make it look like it 's in the wind , even though it 's hanging on a wall indoors . I only paid $ 5 for the flag , it 's true what people say , you get what you pay for .
 Other flags may be sturdier , but you ca n't beat it for the price . Allows me to keep fresh , clean spares on hand without breaking the bank .
 Received the order very quickly . However , the flag was printed only on one side of the material . The colors show thru on the non-printed side , but appear washed out . However , since this flag was packaged together with a flag pole I wish I had known that the flag was not fit to be displayed on the pole . Also there was a spot of color bleaching on the star field -LRB- blue area of the flag -RRB- . I guess you get what you pay for .
 So I decided to go with a polyester flag as I had read that for high wind areas it was better than nylon ... well , I would n't suggest this particular flag because it looks cheap . Like REALLY cheap . Its very thin , feels almost like worn out cotton , and the printing is very sloppy , so the colors bleed and the stripes are kind of curved . I 'm almost embarrassed to try it on my flag pole ! I am hoping from 20ft above it wo n't look as cheap-o but I fear I wasted 5 bucks ... but I suppose what can you expect for 5 bucks right ? I would suggest this only if you need something disposable , like for a rally or game ... not for flying ...
 This is supposed to be a two sided flag but the backside is faded more than the front when new . This is not recommended.As an American soldier , I am embarassed to hang this flag due to the poor quality .
 Now granted this was rather cheap . But when I was getting it cheap I was expecting that to just be the materials . The dimensions on this flag are completely wrong . Its not even 3x5 ! And the blue portion takes about 1/3 of the entire flag up . The picture is misleading to what you actually get .
 Received the flag on 22 August and flew it every day . On 5 Oct , one of the grummets tore out and the other was rusted badly . Poor quality flag and the vendor would not replace outside of 30 days from delivery .
 Low quality fabric but ca n't complain because of the cheap price . But what made me unhappy is that the flag is not 5x3 . It 's actually 5x2 .75 might not seem like a big deal but I wanted to put this flag next to another flag on my wall but now I cant .
 the flag is wrong the blue field takes up half of the width of the flag it is very disappointing to get a flag so many have fought for that is just laid out wrong
 This was a cheap flag made in China , with poor printed quality . If I 'm not mistaken , the American flag is only supposed to be made in America . Wheres a good class action lawyer when it really matters ?
 The flag was thin walmart grade thin cloth painted stars , stripes , etc. . Wish there was a $ 10 flag that was sewn , where I am located flags only last a couple of weeks .
 Received the flag with only 13 stars and has 15 stripes . Not sure what country it is from but certainly not a US flag . Total waste of money .
 Wrong item shipped . Took 4ever to get here . I was an idiot and did not realize this product was coming from another country.NEVER buy from these people . NEVER NEVER NEVER . Product was also of POOR quality . CHEAP . Wo n't even waste my time to try and exchange it
 This piece of `` paper '' called a flag seems as though it was made out of recycled paper ! When I tried attaching it to the clip , the ring on the inside of the flag ripped and fell out ! Do n't waste your time and do n't buy one !
 The flag looks better in the picture , but when you open the box , prepare for dissapointment . I purchased 7 flags to present to my family upon my return home from Afghanistan . I refuse to give my family these flags as a gift . Now I am stuck with them because it is not worth it to send them back . The only reason they did not get 1 star is because they shipped fast .
 The flag is a decent price and the delivery was fast . My problem is that the flag came with one of the grommets not attached to the material .
 this flag is supposed to represent the GREATEST country on earth and the makers are at fault as well as the SELLER ! $ 5 is not much to spend but i HATE that i wasted it on a flag with this poor quality . the flag is only printed on one side of the polyester . VERY DISAPPOINTED ! i WOULD NOT recommend this product and definitely NOT THE SELLER to anyone . EVER .
 This is a very poor quality flag , dont waste your money . It wouldnt last 5 minutes if you put it on a flag pole . I just have it hanging on the wall , but being that close you can see ALL of the imperfections .
 The smell is pleasant but it is not worth the money . The deer still ate all of our plants . : -LRB-
 i have used different deer deterents over the yrs . by far this is the least effective . it says it last up to 30 days , no way . i used it 2 or 3 times a wk and every time after rain fall . my day lillies were almost completely destroyed , i even use the black ribbon product sold separately by this brand and no luck .
 Sprayed my Rose of Sharon Hibiscus plants about a week ago and came out this morning and all the tender shoots were eaten off of about ten of them with deer tracks all around . The company did give me a refund , but it took a long time.I ended up buying the Contech Scarecrow Water Sprinkler at Amazon , and this has worked perfectly for me .
 I bought this as a decorative piece for our front yard . No one has ever sat on it but during a wind storm it fell over and the back legs broke off . So glad someone did n't sit on it because if it ca n't handle a little wind imagine what would have happened if it was sat upon .
 The bench was damaged upon arrival . Did n't want to go through the hassel of sending it back . Put it together and we are using it while it lasts . Would have been a decent product if it had not been broken upon arrival . The backrest piece had a section of the lattice work broken out and there was also a crack in it .
 This item was shipped and received within a week.It 's a poorly sewn and printed flag . It 's a really flimsy thin polyester material that feels almost as thin as tissue . I ironed and pressed it but could n't get all the wrinkles out . The sewing on this flag is off ; the top and bottom are sewn just a little too short for the flag to lay completely flat when placed on a flat surface . This causes the flag to pucker in many places , if you like the rippled look then this is the flag for you . The ripples make it look like it 's in the wind , even though it 's hanging on a wall indoors . I only paid $ 5 for the flag , it 's true what people say , you get what you pay for .
 Received the flag with only 13 stars and has 15 stripes . Not sure what country it is from but certainly not a US flag . Total waste of money .
 This piece of `` paper '' called a flag seems as though it was made out of recycled paper ! When I tried attaching it to the clip , the ring on the inside of the flag ripped and fell out ! Do n't waste your time and do n't buy one !
 The flag looks better in the picture , but when you open the box , prepare for dissapointment . I purchased 7 flags to present to my family upon my return home from Afghanistan . I refuse to give my family these flags as a gift . Now I am stuck with them because it is not worth it to send them back . The only reason they did not get 1 star is because they shipped fast .
 The flag is a decent price and the delivery was fast . My problem is that the flag came with one of the grommets not attached to the material .
 this flag is supposed to represent the GREATEST country on earth and the makers are at fault as well as the SELLER ! $ 5 is not much to spend but i HATE that i wasted it on a flag with this poor quality . the flag is only printed on one side of the polyester . VERY DISAPPOINTED ! i WOULD NOT recommend this product and definitely NOT THE SELLER to anyone . EVER .
 This is a very poor quality flag , dont waste your money . It wouldnt last 5 minutes if you put it on a flag pole . I just have it hanging on the wall , but being that close you can see ALL of the imperfections .
 Wrong item shipped . Took 4ever to get here . I was an idiot and did not realize this product was coming from another country.NEVER buy from these people . NEVER NEVER NEVER . Product was also of POOR quality . CHEAP . Wo n't even waste my time to try and exchange it
 very very thin , and came with one of the rings falling off of the flag , one strong wind and its gone , get somthing a little more durable .
 Not perfectly rectangular , cheap material , colors are not vibrant . If you need a cheap flag for indoor use only which will not be displayed , this will work . I discourage this flag being used for display , and do not recommend for outdoor use . If you need a cheap , low-quality , indoor flag for personal use , this works .
 I understand that you get what you pay for , but this is just awful . I was expecting cheap , thin material , but this flag is beyond defective . The blue portion is skewed and at an angle with the rest of the flag . Also , the white one the left side is virtually see through so you can see the dramatic angle of the blue material . The bottom red strip is also perpetually curled up , making it look thinner than the rest . I am not flying this flag , but hanging it on a wall . I imagine that it would last only a couple of hours if I flew it outside . The only reason I am giving it 2 instead of 1 stars is that it is cheap , so I have to expect some of this . The best comparison I can think of is Halloween costume quality.Although the flag is poor quality , this was delivered very promptly . It was folded and packaged well and fit into a small padded envelope .
 It is one big piece of Junk ! The material isvery thin and he prints colors ran into each other . The bottom line it may b worth the $ .01 but not the extra $ 4.99 fr shipping ad handling.Army , Navy & Military Flags - All Colors & Sizes !
 As posted before , the field of stars is out of dimension , goes half way across the flag . Other than that , it 's okay for $ 4 .
 the flag is wrong the blue field takes up half of the width of the flag it is very disappointing to get a flag so many have fought for that is just laid out wrong
 This was a cheap flag made in China , with poor printed quality . If I 'm not mistaken , the American flag is only supposed to be made in America . Wheres a good class action lawyer when it really matters ?
 The flag was thin walmart grade thin cloth painted stars , stripes , etc. . Wish there was a $ 10 flag that was sewn , where I am located flags only last a couple of weeks .
 So I decided to go with a polyester flag as I had read that for high wind areas it was better than nylon ... well , I would n't suggest this particular flag because it looks cheap . Like REALLY cheap . Its very thin , feels almost like worn out cotton , and the printing is very sloppy , so the colors bleed and the stripes are kind of curved . I 'm almost embarrassed to try it on my flag pole ! I am hoping from 20ft above it wo n't look as cheap-o but I fear I wasted 5 bucks ... but I suppose what can you expect for 5 bucks right ? I would suggest this only if you need something disposable , like for a rally or game ... not for flying ...
 This is supposed to be a two sided flag but the backside is faded more than the front when new . This is not recommended.As an American soldier , I am embarassed to hang this flag due to the poor quality .
 Now granted this was rather cheap . But when I was getting it cheap I was expecting that to just be the materials . The dimensions on this flag are completely wrong . Its not even 3x5 ! And the blue portion takes about 1/3 of the entire flag up . The picture is misleading to what you actually get .
 Received the flag on 22 August and flew it every day . On 5 Oct , one of the grummets tore out and the other was rusted badly . Poor quality flag and the vendor would not replace outside of 30 days from delivery .
 Low quality fabric but ca n't complain because of the cheap price . But what made me unhappy is that the flag is not 5x3 . It 's actually 5x2 .75 might not seem like a big deal but I wanted to put this flag next to another flag on my wall but now I cant .
 Other flags may be sturdier , but you ca n't beat it for the price . Allows me to keep fresh , clean spares on hand without breaking the bank .
 Received the order very quickly . However , the flag was printed only on one side of the material . The colors show thru on the non-printed side , but appear washed out . However , since this flag was packaged together with a flag pole I wish I had known that the flag was not fit to be displayed on the pole . Also there was a spot of color bleaching on the star field -LRB- blue area of the flag -RRB- . I guess you get what you pay for .
 The outside reading on the thermometer is a whpping 10 to 12 degrees off . I contacted the shipper and they said they would be glad to make it good but as low as the price was on it , it would n't be worth me paying to ship it back to them . I guess you get what you pay for sometimes .
 Quality control is nonexistent on this particular product . I thought the first one I purchased -LRB- at a different outlet -RRB- was defective , so I ordered same from Amazon . Same problem - when I placed thermometer outside , the dual thermometers were 10 degrees different . I mounted it inside , and the outdoor thermometer remained 10 degrees cooler than two other thermometers at my home , which both read the same temperature which agreed with weather service . These are just very cheaply built . Analog is a dinosaur nowadays ; most folks prefer digital . Do n't waste your money on this product .
 If you go to the Wusthof web site this knife is listed under the gourmet series , not the classic series.The gourmet series is cheaper than the classic series , someone has wires crossed on this item .
 I bought these chairs 6 months ago , and they 've spent spring and summer on a north-facing , covered patio . They never got wet , and I do n't think they even saw freezing temperatures . I sat out on that porch maybe once a week . Last week I gently sat down on one of the chairs as I usually do , and the bottom cracked apart . There appears to be no warranty on these chairs . I do n't plan on purchasing more from this company .
 Not even 12 months after purchasing these , the wood is much lighter and the wood on the arms has long splits in them . Avoid these low quality chairs unless you store them inside over the winter .
 I ordered two of these chairs BECAUSE they were specifed to be FSC -LRB- Forest Stewardship Council -RRB- certified . However , when I received them there was informational material and a decorative metal tag , but there was NO documentation of such certification.AMAZON -- PLEASE CHECK ON FSC CERTIFCIATION IN ADVANCE.It seemed like too much of a hassle to return the chairs so I still have them . On a positive note , they are good looking and are holding up well . -LRB- One of them has been outdoors under a tree this summer . -RRB- They would be much more comfortable if the seat and back were contoured.For that reason I find I do n't sit in them much . I WILL NOT BE ORDERING FROM STRATHWOOD AGAIN -- DECEPTIVE ADVERTSING REGARDING OUR ENVIRONMENT IS INEXCUSABLE .
 THESE ARE NOT DOCUMENTED FSC certified wood!I decided on these chairs for their more eco-friendly eucalyptus wood , but no proof of FSC certified wood . The description states : `` Crafted from durable , Earthy-friendly eucalyptus hardwood , this furniture is intended for outdoor use in all weather . A beautiful hardwood comparable to teak and with excellent weather-resistant properties , eucalyptus is dense and naturally resistant to rot and insect infestation . Certified by the Forest Stewardship Council -LRB- FSC -RRB- , there is no doubt about the responsible production and consumption of this wood . The rapid growth of eucalyptus trees makes them more readily available and more easily affordable . In addition , furniture constructed of eucalyptus is light enough to move easily and requires no oiling unless to maintain a desired look.so what are these chairs made of ?? im no expert in wood but the alternative material is kapur wood which is endangered and clear cut in Indonesia ... leaving orangutans homeless ... so assure me Amazon ... where is your FSC number ????? tell me your description is not a lie
 Homepage > What to Avoid and Alternatives > Rainforest Wood > What to Avoid/What to Choose > By Tree Species > Tropical Woods > K > KapurKapur -LRB- Dryobalanops spp . -RRB- Kapur is mostly illegally logged in IndonesiaKapur should be avoided entirely!Kapur is being logged from old-growth rainforests in Indonesia , mostly illegally . Logging there is wiping out the last rainforests of Indonesia , home to the highly endangered orangutan and thousands of other unique species of wildlife . The trees are from 250 to 1000 years old.The UN Environment Programme 's World Conservation Monitoring Center has placed kapur on a preliminary list of threatened species of Sumatra
 Actually we have purchased 4 of these chairs . We were very impressed with the first set , but unfortunately , the second set has not been as good . Within 2 weeks and little use , 1 chair developed problems in the folder/slider in the legs . The peg came out of the groove that it should slide it , and the horizontal bar that stopped it broke out and collapsed . We tried to screw the bar in place , but there is too much pressure on it , so it did not work . And then after about 4 months , the other chair developed a problem in the right arm ... it too collapsed . So we are disappointed and would not recommend purchase .
 I did a lot of research to find a nice set of patio chairs made from wood that is sustainably harvested , and was quite happy when I first got it . I kept the chairs out of the sun , applied teak oil twice to keep the wood in good condition , and just after owning them for a year had both chair break within a few weeks of each other . The seats cracked at the back where they attach to the legs , and there is no way to repair them . The people that used them only weight about 170lbs and there is no reason the chairs should crack , but I noticed upon looking at the construction that the pins that secure them only go in about an inch , which is a very poor design . I will not buy these again and next time will be looking for something that is of higher quality and made in the U.S.
 I ordered 6 chairs . They look nice and are very inexpensive . Unfortunately , 2 of the 6 have broken in less than 3 months . In each case a wooden piece of the seat itself split in half .
 I purchased four of these chairs . They arrived loosely attached , so I took a hex wrench and tightened up all of the attaching bolts . That made the chairs feel a little better . After having them for one and a half months with very little use the seat broke . I glued it back together and now a different part of the same chair 's seat has also broken . I thought these were going to be a good deal , but so far one chair out of four is out of commission . I do not recommend . http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000E66GQ2/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title
 Ordered 4 chairs ... sat on them once ... and 2 broke immediately . They were replaced and I am softly sitting on them and not letting anyone over aprox . 100 lbs or so to sit on them . If another breaks I will try to return them all for a refund .
 These chairs do not last . Within one year of purchase , one chair snapped along the seat line . The construction of the chairs was sloppy , with connections that were constantly loosening , and required never ending adjustment . Luckily , when the one chair broke , no one was injured . The chairs were certainly not worth the price that was paid for the set . We do not trust the other chair at all , so the whole set is wasted money .
 We bought the chairs in September , the wood around the armchair screws of one chair began to splinter within 2 months of very moderate use . Within three months this was also happening to the second chair . We stored them inside during the winter and after one more month of use in the Spring , the breakage continued . The warranty is for 1 month , so there is no way to replace or return the chairs . We are very disappointed in the poor quality and in Amazon 's policy .
 These chairs and the table look lovely . Unfortunately I returned table for a replacement and now will return the chairs . The wood does not hold up outdoors .
 Sorry , I tried , I 'm heavy -LRB- 250 -RRB- and both of the chairs broke with normal use after a few weeks . I thought the first broke because I reached sideways to pick something up but the second one broke , too . the break point seems to be where the cross bars connect to the legs .
 I purchased this stove for my father-in-law . It looked/sounded like the perfect stove for tail-gating . However , we used it this afternoon and the burners kept going out everytime the wind increased outside . This would be a great stove if the conditions outside were always perfect .
 Chinese made product . Broken parts even as you put them together . No quality control at all during production . Not worth the time to order it at all .
 ALL 4 PENS THAT GOES INTO LEGS BROKE WHEN I WAS PUT THEM ON THE FIRST TIME . THEY PLASTIC AND CHEAP . STRAIGHT GARBAGE !
 With the great reviews here , I thought this is a super stove and made in USA . It has a lot of potential to accessorize later , if you want to expand the stove , that is why I bought for camping , backyard , etc. . I tried several times in on a low and slight wind days it did not work well . The flames keeps dying , it is pretty dangerous to light a nose lighter into the stove when working with propane ! If you turned one stove higher the other just dies , ca n't balanced it . I have use many of these type of stoves in the past , and there are better ones and cheaper , as I planned to get one from flea market next time for around $ 35 works better and not need to use lighter it is automatic like home stove . Overall , the design & cosmetic are five stars , but the main part is the objective of the product it ca n't do it -LRB- one -RRB- star ! Some reviewers said this cooker can feed up to 30-40 people , this stove ca n't even cook for one person , me ! My family and I tried several times with difficulty , we have to go back and use a single burner previously bought from yup ... the flea market made in China . Would not recommend , but if you still like it , I suggest try one with a higher BTU , because this cooker ca n't cook high enough flames balancing the heat.Update -LRB- June 2012 -RRB-
 My son uses this for his school books and by the 3rd day , the fabric had frayed and the rope came through the hole .
 My son uses this for his school books and by the 3rd day , the fabric had frayed and the rope came through the hole .
 I disagree with the other review on this . It 's not in fact built like a tank . So , the `` substantial '' weight of this product is in the iron grate only . The copper basin is about as thin as it probably could get . I 'd say it weights 2 pounds or so . In fact , mine arrived with a large dent which , thanks to the thinness , I could push back with one finger . It 's overpriced for what you get , but appears to be functional for a patio . I 'd say get the screen because the grate is flush with the top of the copper bowl , so the logs will have nothing to contain them if they tumble out . To me , this is a $ 150 Pier One Imports quality item
 These are poorly made and not even worth keeping if they were free . A good philosophy is to buy the best tools that you can afford ... however , if you can only afford this set , I 'd recommend buying a single tool or two for the same price . At least half of these tools should be tossed in the trash and the rest are simply mediocre , at best .
 I spent $ 15.00 on -LRB- 2 -RRB- pans and they charged me $ 14.75 shipping and when I called them they seemed pretty indifferent . . NO THANX . .
 The barometer needle was set on the side of the dial -LRB- instead of the center -RRB- and did not appear to be connected to anything . Thermometer consistently showed temperature 5 degrees lower than my other two thermometers . Returning the product .
 My Chaney Instrument Oak Finished Weather Station has a chip on the side of the backboard that the manufacturers should have caught . The barometer works and is accurate , but you have to tap on it to get a good reading . Also , the barometer can be calibrated -LRB- with great difficulty -RRB- but not the tempurature gauge , which eventually became so inaccurate that I threw it out . The humidity gauge is very difficult to calibrate and I 'm not sure it 's even possible to do so , since I just gave up on it . Appearance-wise , the set is okay . But if you 're looking for something which actually works well , look at something else . I used the barometer and humidity gauges in another set , discarded the board and temperature gauge . If you 're interested in getting accurate readings , get a digital set instead . I 'm sorry , but I ca n't recommend this unit at all unless you want a cheap barometer . I 'm only giving it two stars because the barometer works ... at least for now .
 When I received the weather station I could tell right away that the barometer was not working , as mentioned in some of the other reviews . It did not move the couple of days I had it before I returned it and was stuck in a very low reading . The other gauges worked fine . Disappointed that they ship these items that do not work . Do not buy this brand .
 The gauges have n't moved for me in normal operation . Might as well be a prop.Its the summer , and I keep the temperature pretty much stable all day andnight , but it is a few degrees lower than every other thermometer placed near it would read . It also stayed proportionately lower when moved out into the garage to test temp and humidity.The Hygrometer is also lazy , underreporting highs and overreporting lows.The Barometer must be broken because I have several digital barometers that show daily swings . This barometer has n't budged even 0.01 millibarsbar . I 'm thinking it might be physically stuck in some bad position , so since it was reading way too low a value -LRB- 28.2 mb when everything else was reading 29.85 -RRB- I adjust it , and though it was stiff , the needle moved . But since then I have had two cold fronts blow through each delivering several inches of rain between high pressure Texas clear sky 100 degree temps . No movement.Others reported favorable results , so I 'm going to assume that this one did n't receive any quality control and was just chucked out the factory door like any other $ 30 home weather instrument made in China.Fortunately Amazon has the best customer support in the business , so I 'll keep replacing it until I find one that was n't made on a Friday afternoon .
 Not to be recommended . the `` instruments '' are all constructed of cheap plastic and light as a feather . There is no glass or metal on this unit , just the cheapest plastic .
 This item has been shipped twice to us both times damaged . The glass on the middle dial is cracked ! Continued replacement does not make it high on our list !
 This item does not work . After carefully calibrating each dial as instructed , they do not work . Very disappointed . Embarrassed since I gave this as a gift . Cheap merchandise .
 I bought this because the wood in my home is oak . . The picture on amazon matched the oak wood on my windows and doors ... The wood on the weather instument is not any where near the pic or oak . . RED ???? This is the first review I have ever written ... also the first time I have been dissatisfied with an amazon purchase . .
 This item was smaller that I thought , and it does not work . It was a christmas gift and I can not find the receipt or I would have returned it . Also , the recipient of this threw away the packaging because the `` instruction '' said to let it `` sit '' for a few days to get acclimated . Well , it never did !!
 I hardly ever write a review , but felt compelled to do so on this item . If you like JUNK , this is the item for you . The wood looks nothing like what Amazon has on this site first off . Secondly the guages are accurate within about 20 % of what is actual , so basically of no use . They are of cheap plastic construction.The instructions say they are set correctly at the factory , there is no way these have been quality assured checked , they are off by about 20 % . So then you say , well , they can be calibrated and adjusted . Wrong again , the screws to adjust them are very hard to work with and when you adjust them , they spring back to what they were . This is a successful attempt to dupe the public . Buyer beware .
 Inexpensive for a reason . As decoration it 's nice . The brand name on the thermometer should be ACU-WRONG not ACU-RITE .
 We needed this to regulate the house so our solid Italian wood furnitune doesnt dry out too fast and become ruined . When we opend the box it was shifting loosly around from lack of proper packaging and was broken . Now we have to return it and wont be buying another one from Amazon . It was rather dissapointing .
 Barometer failed very soon after opening up . It was working correctly when opened - matched TV news reading . It went down as expected during the first bad weather event , and never came back up when it should have after the weather cleared . This is not the weather station for you ; move along .
 JUNK , JUNK , JUNK , non of the 3 stations worked at all . Was unable to adjust any of them . DO N'T buy this crap .
 The simple temp gauge does n't work at all , just stays on one temperature.The barometer keeps going off the scale , pegging out . I adjust it to the right pressure and it keeps going off the scale.I ca n't adjust the hydrometer , it fluctuates around 50 % when the actual is around 25 % . I knew by the price that it would n't be high quality but I thought as long as the gauges work I do n't care.BURNED , it truly is a total piece of crap , do n't waste your money .
 This is a complete piece of junk . The item arrived with the thermometer at 100 degrees and it never moved . While the instructions state that the temperature is adjustable via a little screw in the back , and this is indeed true , it is only adjustable to the temperature for which the device wants to read , not what it actually is . Do n't take the cheap way out with this piece of junk . The seller was excellent and credited me right away .
 This product was a piece of junk . Two of the three dials did n't work . I guess you get what you pay for . Returned it and got a refund .
 The barometer and hydrometer do not work . I 've compared my readings to local weather stations on the net , and they are not even close . I 've tried tuning the readings with a small screwdriver to no avail . The holes in the plastic case the manufacturer left in the gauges for tuning do not even fit a screwdriver.I wanted something simple and reliable that did not require batteries , but this is not it .
 Only part that works is the temperature gauge.The barometer is very cheap , does n't follow pressure changes accurately . Only moving about half as far as it should . The hand that you set to track changes is not tight , flops around if you touch the barometer.Humidity gauge is also not very accurate but within 10 % so not as bad as the barometer.I like the wood holder , so I swapped out the barometer with a desktop one I had that fit in the hole , I wanted a barometer to hang on the wall so this will do .
 I recently received this item and the temperature dial did n't work , I 'm not sure about the others . The product came alone in this giant box with very little packing so I 'm not sure if the dial was damaged during shipment or if it was broken before hand . Either way I 'm getting a refund and will be ordering something different .
 I bought this item in May of 2007 , but left it in its box , because I did n't have room for it in my house at the time . I have now moved and brought it out the other day , and discovered after several days , the barometer does n't work.Unfortunately , it 's too late to return this - so buyer beware !
 I 've had this weather station for about five years now . I was especially interested in a device with a hygrometer . Unfortunately , that gauge on this product never worked . More recently , the thermometer has stopped working reliably . That leaves me with one of three more or less reliable working gauges
 I ordered oak and received a cherry one . The hygrometer did not work correctly . I returned it and Amazon gave me back my money and even paid the return shipping . You ca n't beat that . I would not recommend this product .
 Bought this to carry when walking my dog to protect from a neighborhood bully . One day I had a rooster come to live on my front porch that cock a doodle doo-ed every morning for a month at 4:30 AM . I thought maybe I could spray the rooster so it would leave and this spray fizzled out at the spout ! It would n't reach a foot in front of me , and I could n't even spray the rooster ! So , thankfully , I learned a good lesson , not to trust this spray when a mean dog approached us , it would n't have even protected us . I thought it would shoot out like hornet spray , but it was more of a weak stream . Oh , well . Good try . Animal control finally brought the rooster back to it 's rightful owners .
 Just moved and have had a fox messing with our puppy when we have her out on the line . I would watch and try to scare off the fox , which would get within 4ft of me . I thought this would be the most humane way of scaring off the fox . Well , it shoots like 3ft . I refuse to get closer than 4ft , I really do not want to get rabies shots . Not sure if I have a bad product , but for $ 8 I am not going to go through all the trouble of returning it .
 Most of the 5-star reviews were written by the same ad copy writer . This is shameful and amazon ought to stop it .
 Product is supposed to work up to 10-12 feet , the spray actually reaches 2-3 feet . I was terrorized by a stray dog while trying to unlock my car . It did n't do anything until the dog was practically in my face and then the dog was back after I had entered my car but before I had the motor started.Not what I paid for .
 Used this product on 2 agressive dogs while on a walk ... it only sprays a `` stream '' about 6 feet -LRB- so you will probably get bitten unless you are a really really good shot -RRB- . Very disappointed , just ordered a `` mace gun '' that takes cartridges and says it shoots 25 feet . Hopefully this works better than Halt !
 I 've tried these products and they do n't work . Here 's the best solution . I live in a neighborhood with annoying dogs and irresponsible owners . I 'm a teacher and I do n't have a car - so I have to walk home at night and deal with these 4 legged pests on the street.So here 's my solution when a stupid dog is charging at you . -LRB- 1 -RRB- When the dog begins charging , do not flinch and do not show fear - instead , get angry and stand your ground . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Wait until the idiot dog is about 4 feet away from you . -LRB- 3 -RRB- Charge them with the DOUBLE BLOW.What 's the double blow you might ask ? Its a small tin of `` powerful insecticide '' and a `` powerful flashlight '' . You blind them and mess up their noses at the same time . Do that a few times and the dog would run like hell whenever it sees you.Now some people may say that this is not humane - but is the dog being humane by trying to tear your face off every time you walk down the street ? - Did n't think so!Also , if the stupid owner of the dog comes charging after you , give him the DOUBLE BLOW treatment also for allowing his dumb dog to run all over the street . Stupid owners - sometime I wonder who owns who !
 Last week I was walking my three German shepherd dogs in my neighborhood . I say I was `` walking '' them , but really I was in my mobility chair . Each of my dogs were wearing prong collars and had short leashes that combined on a metal ring . A leash from the ring was secured to the bottom of my mobility chair so that if I dropped the leash , the dogs would still be restrained from just taking off.Well , we were going down the street when two pit bulls came charging at us . One of those dogs was just a follower , but the lead dog was on a mission and would not be deterred by my standing up and hollering at him in a menacing tone . He charged my dogs , who were unable to do much because of being restricted by the leashes . The pit bull could n't sink his teeth into their necks because each of my dogs wore a heavy prong chain collar and a nylon collar that had all their ID tags on it.I 'm such an animal lover . I hated to hurt the pit bull , but I reached for my can of Halt and shot into the leader 's eyes . First time I every used the product . The dog blinked his eyes for 2.5 seconds , and then he was at my dogs again . I kept spraying . Nothing . Knowing full well that it would be terribly dangerous for me to try to pull the pit bull off with my bear hands , I grabbed the pit bull 's color and pulled him back real hard and with all my might , anyway . I will protect my dogs whatever the cost.I was screaming for the neighbors help . Finally someone came out of their house but did n't want to come very close on account the scene
 i am a letter carrier for the usps in a pretty rough part of town . its very common to have to jump back into the truck because a one or more loose pitbulls will be roaming the streets . this spray is all we are allowed by the post office to carry for our protection and it is a joke . this spray will stop a chihuahua for a minute but anything bigger just stops to lick it off its face . i have sprayed this at different types of terriers , pitbulls , mutts , german shepherds and pretty much any other kind of dog you can think of , and trust me , through personal experience , this is a waste of money . if youre looking to buy something to keep dogs away , try a sonic dog repeller . they work much better .
 On the bottle , it says `` 0.35 % Capsaicin or related capsaicinoids '' . That is a quite diluted pepper spray.I test-sprayed it at a distance of 7 feet . The wind blew some mist back at me and I did n't smell a pungent smell or sneeze or have difficulty breathing like a real pepper spray had done to me.Are they trying to be humane to the vicious killer dogs?Since there is no aiming mechanism and the condition may be windy , you are very likely to miss when you first press the firing button . You have to continue pressing and adjust the direction of the spray.I would rather carry a true pepper spray .
 Sprayed Halt ! right in the face of an attacking dog and it did not even slow the dog down . It bit me like it does at least once a week ! Good thing it 's a small dog , although it does break the skin and leave bruises on my legs & ankles . I would not want to depend on Halt ! to protect against a more dangerous threat !
 As a professional dog walker , my first interest is in the safety of myself and the client dog entrusted to my care . I purchased this product with that in mind . On one occasion , I had a large unleashed dog spot me and my client dog , my first reaction was to calmly try to go the other way , but I could see the unleashed dog was determined to come at us . I stopped , had my HALT in hand and used it -LRB- I did feel the stream distance was good -RRB- , but it did NOT deter the dog . I think I soaked his face , but it did nothing more than squirting water . Thankfully the unleashed dog 's owner came out of the house and retrieved his dog , and apologized . I would not purchase this product again , nor would I recommend it .
 I have not been attacked by a dog since purchasing this product so I really can not honestly give my opinion on how effective this product is . I can however , give my honest opinion on the packaging . I do not like the clip that is provided on the top of the can . The dog repellent that I purchased before this product had a plastic ring at the bottom of the can with holes in it and a removable chain was attached . It was easy to clip on a wrist strap and could be accessed quickly if needed . I am disappointed in this packaging and I am considering looking for a different product . I should have observed the product more carefully before purchasing .
 The add that I saw online was not the product that I received in the mail I was under the impression that I was purchasing HALT II witch has a totally different potency level and I sent back a complaint e-mail and heard nothing back from amazon or anyone else until they sent me this review questionnaire which is weeks after I sent them my complaint e-mail . I would say . amazons customer service SUCKS big time and I will never buy anything from here again just out of principle alone.I was a little leery of buying anything online in the first place because of all the horror story 's you hear from people saying it was n't what they had imagined and now amazon just made me a believer .
 Sprays only a couple feet , hard to handle on bike , top cracked - leaked all over .
 My wife and I founded an animal rescue that primarily rescues Dogs and Cats , our interest in this product was in the safety to us , our staff and the animals in our sanctuary . We purchased twenty cans of this spray.On two separate occasions we tried to break up a dog fight to no avail . The product was sprayed at a distance of about 3 feet and with each fight an entire can was used ; . It was sprayed directly into the dogs eyes and mouth . We would have gotten better results with a water hose.I will never buy this product again , nor would I recommend to anyone else buy it . This product will only get someone hurt and maybe one day killed .
 I had a smilar situation as another reviewer - the washwer worked great for about 15-16 mos and this summer - brought it out and nothing . The motor kicks on when I plug it in and turn it on but as soon as I turn the water on the motor shuts off and the water comes through with normal pressure . I am not mechanically inclined - so I would n't even know what to look for to try to fix it :--LRB- Maybe these washers just do n't last .
 I 've owned a swisher zt2660 mower for two years . The mower has less than 50 hours on it and has chewed through 3 drive belts and has been in for service longer than it has been available to use . I now find out that it has a bent pulley and now needs a new transmission . Save your money and stay away from Swisher garbage .
 The locking mechanism on these pruners is practically impossible to open . One would never want to use them ; or , worse yet , one would leave them open at all times , a dangerous choice . I 'm sending them back .
 The tire on our wheelbarrow has been flat for what seems like forever . My husband and I did n't want to spend a lot of money for a new pump -LRB- our last expensive pump bit the dust too quickly -RRB- so I happened upon this little beauty . Only problem is I did n't read all 3 pages of reviews ! If I had , I would have seen the ones that warn `` it does n't inflate bicycle tires '' and I might have given this purchase a second thought . Instead , I went by the review that said `` It inflates everything -- tires , balls , pools ... anything you need inflated ! '' and bought it . It inflated my daughter 's kickball just fine , but it 's utterly useless for my wheelbarrow wheel , which is the only reason I bought it in the first place ! BIG disappointment , but lesson learned
 I had bought this product for my sons to set up there pool it 's blows all the hot air in the pool it sure make u tire so fast I recommend for the guys to do it they have more muscles then the females do . .
 this pump works well . you get inflation with both the up and down motion . it also has three tips to place on the tube , so it can inflate different sized openings.by the way , if you are inflating a large item , it provides a pretty good workout on your arms and legs !!
 this pump works well . you get inflation with both the up and down motion . it also has three tips to place on the tube , so it can inflate different sized openings.by the way , if you are inflating a large item , it provides a pretty good workout on your arms and legs !!
 I purchased one of these pumps about 1 year ago . I used it to pump up an inflatable ball pit and it worked great . It inflates things quickly due to the output of air on both the up and down strokes . However , after using it only 6-8 times , the inner mechanism was not working properly and when it did still pump , the amount of air being pumped was reduced . Finally , it would not pump air at all . Not a great bargain at over a dollar per use .
 In layman 's terms , it sucked . Yes it did everything it was said to and more , but about 4 minutes after i opened it up and tried to use it , it broke . I put a little water on the needle and on my basketball and pumped it up . When I tried to take it out , the end nozzle separated from the needle . I could n't even get the needle out , so I ended up having to cut open the basketball ... But it did pump really well .
 This air pump was nothing but a waste of money ! I bought this because I bought an intex pool with the ring that needed air to inflate ... U need two summers to inflate the ring using this air pump ! I bought an electric pump and inflated the ring in 2 minutes !
 Pump is large and inflates items well , however , the handle broke after using it only 5 times . Do not buy unless you only need it 4 times .
 If you can get this thing started , it works well . I bought this about 4 years ago - used it the first year , cursing each time I nearly sprained my wrists or hurt my shoulders trying to start the damn thing . The next year I started growing tired of starting this thing , and gave up on it . The following year it just wouldnt start , and now its just a lawn ornament in my back yard .
 I have owned this product for three years . When it works it is great . However , after a day of heavy use , the governor/carburetor loses it 's ability to adjust to load . I had to have it rebuilt after washing the entire house and deck two years ago . Just this weekend , it worked dependably for one day and then on the second day I had the same problem . I am now looking to replace it with something different as I need some dependability .
 Guess I got what I paid for with this unit , have used it 3 times so far . Works well once it gets started , unfortunatly I find it near impossible to start . For some reason it does not get any gas when it 's cold , I have to pull them plug and inject some in there as well as prime the heck out of it.Should have gone with an electric , they do n't clean quite as well , and I thought the cord would be a hassle . In reality the cord and hose is not much more problem then just the hose .
 Yesterday , Amazon had this washer on sale for 26 % off for a total of $ 199 . The next day , they list it for 43 % off for a total of $ 239 . If you look back in the reviews , you can see where people paid between $ 85 and $ 175 in the recent past . Is this Amazon trying to make a profit on all those poor people cleaning up after the wildfires in California ???? Outrageous !!!!
 It does appear they have revised the title of this item . Beware it does not have the pictured Voyager two nozzles . All you get is the Hunter knock off adjustment key . If you need these just go ask any sprinkler installer who will give you 30 for free .
 It did n't work for me . Maybe I was doing something wrong but the little hose and or the bottle kept falling off . I could only get the cleaner to spray by pointing it down , then back up to spray the solution for a few seconds .
 I have bought several CH products and this is the first -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- `` Dud . '' The tank becomes very heavy when filled with soap and it is very cumbersome to use when trying to aim up or down . A lot more trouble that what it was worth . Tank becomes slippery to hold in place when you have soap and water on your hands .
 The first time we used this product over the campfire , all four hot dogs slid right out the side when we turned it over . The two sections would not clamp down tightly enough to keep the hot dogs securely in place . Considering we only brought an 8 pack of hot dogs for our group of 5 , we were less than thrilled . It 's not a complicated product , so I really do n't think it was operator error . It might be okay with big brats or really fat hot dogs , but the Oscar Meyer bun length hot dogs we tried wound up as firewood . Very disappointed and very displeased .
 Purchased to light fountain . Wire length between lights prevents spreading them out . Would have to cement base of light to fountain floor because bouyancy of the submerged lights prevents them from sitting down ... . they float ! Finally after arranging them , wiring them ... REWIRING THEM and testing all circuits the darn things would not illuminate !!! Directions are worthless and do n't even mention the timer feature . They do say to hold your finger over the sensor for 30 seconds ... but they never light !!!! This set is going back ! Forget it Beckett .
 This shade sail was disappointing . It was so curved in on the sides that it did n't give enough shade . Wasted money on this product . They look good in pics but are n't really shade friendly . Where we live there is a lot of wind and it was always flapping and actually blew down a couple of times . The wind can do havoc with them .
 Cool-aroo concept here , but needs much consideration before buying . I have a patio that is 16 X 27 . I figured if I hung this thing about 9 to 10 feet about one side of it I would get about 33 % shade . Well they fail to tell you that the sail is an acute triangle -LRB- although the picture looks slightly like it -RRB- . The coverage is very poor and requires you to pair it up with another one or two ; but then you have to sink more poles if you do n't have other structures to attach to.So I gave it two stars based off the fact they try really hard to sell you the overall concept in one sail . Two or more is definitely needed.The quality of the product is good . The fabric seems really durable and they corner rings are strong.In the end , I returned it . It just was n't for me ; and did n't want to sink more poles off my patio .
 Cheap $ 85 price is offset by $ 51 shipping and handling fee . Ends up costing MORE than the same item sold for $ 120 elsewhere on Amazon with free shipping .
 i ordered the coolaroo shade sail thinking this was going to funk-up my backyard and make it look hip and modern . I had seen it in a pic of a friend 's backyard and it looked great . I had a hard time determining the right size - on the online info there were no recommendations that i could find regarding suitable sizing of sail to space , and even when i received it it was n't clear what the size was , so i had to try to pull all 16ft around the backyard to figure out how to hang it . It was too big for my yard in the end and after spending 78 dollars to have it shipped to Canada , i gave it to my parents to use . I was surprised by the fabric - very plastic and synthetic looking , not canvas-y as I expected.Overall , I was disappointed with the whole thing , though it may just have been due to my high expectations as I know there were lots of positive even raving reviews I had read online . good luck w your shade sail ! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 i do n't really know how the product is . After reading more detailed information included with the product , it says not recommended for the pool because the clorine could effect/shorten the product life . It seems that the ad shows the coolaroo shade being used next to the pool . And that 's what we bought it for . Not sure what to do with them now - still siting in the box next to the door gathering dust ... . Oh , well . i 'm sure its a great product , just not for us .
 The shade is okay , but the company sent the wrong item at first , and then took almost 6 weeks to make it right .
 Very slick , does n't take chalk at all . I sanded it , cured it twice -LRB- rubbing chalk on it -RRB- , still does n't write as well as a normal chalkboard would . I did paste it on a flat , quite smooth surface . I 've bought chalkboard paper that was n't too much more expensive than this on Etsy , and that paper has a rough surface that you can write VERY easily on . People who said they could write on this chalkboard paper obviously never used a good chalkboard before ... Skip this and go elsewhere . Could n't return this product because I was so confident with the good reviews , I cut out a large chunk to use , only to find out it 's unuseable .
 Lots of fun applying this , like any other contact paper to nearly any surface . Great if you only need to use it one time , but the chalk &#34; burns &#34; into the surface -LRB- like our computer screens would do w/out a screen saver -RRB- . Seemed like a great idea , but would n't rec . if needed for repeated or frequent use .
 It took me more than 45 minutes to get this contact paper to properly stick onto a wall surface . I was constantly having to re-position it to smooth out air bubbles and wrinkles . The awkward dimensions -LRB- 18 `` x6 ' -RRB- may have added to the difficulty , but I suspect that the poor quality of the material was more to blame . I also do n't like the semi-glossy appearance and prefer a matted look that is more similar to traditional chalkboards . I 'll stick to Wallie brand chalkboard paper from now on , which has never given me trouble , and wo n't purchase this Contact Brand again . -LRB- In fact , I 'll probably eventually replace this paper with Wallie -- much happier with that brand . -RRB- Very annoying product .
 As a child , I recall that when contact paper was laid down it was n't going anywhere . You better really like the pattern and color cause you were for the most part `` stuck '' with it . I was thrilled to see that they had a chalkboard version of contact paper and was expected to have a similar experience with a good quality product ; but definitely time have changed.The paper barely stuck to the surface so much that I was able to peel it off after the complete installation . Secondly , the chalkboard feature was bogus at best . Honestly it was n't any different if I just bought black colored shelf paper . The finish was too glossy to mimic an actual chalkboard and the writing left permanent indentations in the paper after I erased my work.The only decent part about the product was the price because I truly did n't have any remorse throwing the entire purchase in the trash.I 'll try the chalkboard paint and stay away from the easy alternative ; too good to be true .
 I wanted something cheap and I found this . I got what I paid for . I ca n't get it to stick to the walls . It worked if I put it on pic as a word bubble . -LRB- Like something someone was saying/thinking -RRB-
 This is NOT chalkboard paper . It is plain black contact paper . I tried to do the project I had planned for it and the chalk wo n't even wipe off ... it wo n't wash off ! I have used chalkboard paper before and this is far from it . I do not recommend this if you are seeking chalkboard style paper .
 I bought this to cover up worn chalk boards and it does not work as advertise . It is simply contact paper that works once a a surface for chalk and that 's it . It does not erase well and leaves marks . They should not advertise as chalkboard paper . Do n't buy this .
 This is simply a bad product . It in no way has the texture of &#34; chalkboard &#34; paint . To me , it feels like regular black contact paper . Chalk does not erase and normal chalk scratches the surface . It is also a pain to work with and anywhere it creases - even in the package - leave a huge blemish on your &#34; chalkboard &#34; . This might be ok to use dry erase on but definitely not chalk . Go buy paint instead .
 This paper is really just black contact paper . The chalk did write on it , but not without having to go over it a number of times to be able to see it . Not a coarse enough surface to really hold the chalk.It was a good price though and for an at home project worked out okay .
 Okay , so this may be a little biased opinion , but I hate this stuff . It was really easy to measure , it felt nice and I figured the chalk would work fine , although I will never really know . Why ? EVERY APPLICATION LEFT BUBBLES . We tried a million different ways to get it just right , but it did n't work . A rolling pin , one of those squeegee things , applying slowly , all four corners at the same time , from one corner to the other vertically/horizontally/diagonally , etc. . My husband and I literally spent an hour trying to get it to cover right with no bubbles , and it was frustrating beyond belief . Eventually we opted to go a different route . Hobby Lobby has Chalkboard Spray Paint for $ 7.99 -LSB- it works , I 'm finished with my project now ! -RSB- in black and green , and Michael 's has Chalkboard Spray Paint in a variety of colors , I hear , and I ca n't imagine it being anymore than $ 10 . Save yourself some frustration unless you 're a super-pro at applying contact paper without bubbles ... or maybe you like the bubbles ?
 This chalk board paper really did n't work ... . I ca n't even write with chalk on it at all ... it sort of shows up but not really ... . Wish I would of known this before I covered my whole wall in it . Very big waste of my money seeing I bought quite a few . Very dissapointed .
 Although I love Amazon and thoroughly happy with the service , I was disappointed in the Chalkboard contact paper . I thought it would be more like a chalkboard finish where you could write on it with chalk . The finish was too smooth and when you wrote on it , the chalk would n't adhere to the surface .
 I was really excited to get this because I wanted to make my own chalkboard speech bubbles for my son 's 1st birthday . No matter how I applied the contact paper it left bubbles that I could not remove . Once I got past the fact that there were going to be some air bubbles -LRB- that maybe would not be seen once there was writing on them and in photographs -RRB- I tried to write on this contact paper and it would not hold the chalk . I was very disappointed ! I had to go to the Home Depot and buy Rustoleum Chalkboard spray . That worked MUCH better !!!
 Does n't stick !!!!! Could n't get it stick , followed directions ended up buying chalk board for big box home improvement store .
 I ordered this product . Thinking it would be a less expensive option vs getting a white board.I was very disappointed , when I received the product.Unfortunately , I would not recommend this product.You get what you pay for .
 I expected something a little thicker -LRB- this is extremely thin -RRB- and something that resembled a chalkboard a little more . This is a little too shiny to pass as a chalkboard material unless you 're kind of far away and at the right angle . Also , when I tried to write on it with chalk , it was too slick and the chalk would n't show up . I am not pleased with this product and now have to start over on my project I was going to use it for .
 I was disappointed with this product . I primed it with chalk like other people suggested , but the chalk did n't go on that well . It is n't like a real chalkboard - not as good as chalkboard paint either . The chalk also leaves scratch marks on the vinyl that you can see after it is erased . Underwhelming product .
 I 'm a huge contact paper fan , but they really dropped the ball with this one . I cured the paper by covering it with chalk and after erasing it , it still did not take normal chalk very well . To make matters worse , I tore the paper after just a few uses.We 'll be redoing our blackboard with plywood and chalkboard spray paint instead .
 I was expecting a more matte finish like a real chalk board . This is basically black vinyl contact paper .
 This is no chalkboard ... this is like regular paper that chalk does n't work on , but more like a fluorescent marker . It does n't erase either . It 's a waste of money . ... unless , of course , you intend on NOT changing the label ... which defeats the purpose .
 I was not impressed with the product . Writing on the paper was difficult and the chalk was very light . I would not order again .
 chalk board part works greatdoes not stick well which is the biggest complaintcleans wellvery flimsy tears easy
 I bought this with high hopes that I could finally write on my dorm door without regrets or worries . I bought dustless chalk thinking that this paper would be rough and like a chalkboard -LSB- as the name would imply -RSB- , and that all chalk was pretty much the same . Needless to say , dustless chalk is quite different from regular chalk , and if you were expecting a chalkboard-like surface , this is not the way to go.It seems like the unevenness of the paint on my door is what provides friction and a place for the chalk to stay , while the paper is just creating a black surface . Dustless chalk does not erase well off this and leaves nasty scratches . Sometimes I would find black material on the chalk after writing and see a grayed out part where I erased . It turns out this is just really contact paper painted black with no special properties , and very unlike my expectations . The instructions say to use a damp cloth to erase , and this is necessary because a conventional chalkboard eraser does n't cut it.Granted , when using regular chalk -LSB- the dusty , old fashioned kind -RSB- , there are n't any scratches and a conventional eraser will do just fine . Also , removing it will probably not be a problem since I was moving and re-removing many times during the installation.I recommend fluorescent markers designed to write on dark surfaces over dustless chalk , which I find somewhat ironic
 If I did n't absolutely have to have this for gifts I am making , I would have sent it back . This is NOT chalkboard paper . This is black contact paper , which I can get pretty much anywhere . It has no texture like chalkboard paper is supposed to have therefore dramatically takes away from the &#34; chalkboard &#34; effect . Do not buy this if you want chalkboard paper , this is just smooth contact paper .
 This contact paper is worthless for a chalkboard . I purchased this to make labels for my glass containers for Flour , Sugar , etc. . But it is so slick that chalk wo n't write on it ... . I would not even give this one star , but I had to put at least one.Wish I could just get my money back ... . Wasted money on this product for sure .
 Not as &#34; chalkboard &#34; like as I hoped but works okay . Serves a purpose but I do n't think the chalk does n't show up well .
 There were so many good reviews i thought this product would work out even though there were some bad reviews in there . I purchased this product for making my own labels for bottles of simple syrup i was making . I saw this as a way to label jars that the contents might change out frequently thus the need for the chalkboard product . But there is no way this will work for any application where people might touch the area that was written on . I can see that this would work for mounting to a wall and a child draws away . I did ` cure ' the paper as suggested . But the chalk rubbed off at the slightest touch . And frankly did n't go on that smoothly either . I played with it for a while . Hopeful that the more i wrote and ` cured ' it the better it would become . the previous words are visible even though i rubbed them off . Not sure how this would work in other applications . But it 's a total fail for me . I will try to find other uses for it . But for now it 's just Contact brand black contact paper .
 I paid way more then I thought it was worth , before I even received it , when I got it , it was surely miss represented . And yes , I was completely disappointed , to see that it was really only black contact paper , and you could not write on it with the chalk . So , if you are looking to buy , go to the paint department and purchase a can of chalk paint , its a dream and it works and is not nearly as expensive as this misrepresented product .
 I got these because the size would be customizable with contact paper . It 's also a very cheap way to get the most square footage of chalkboard , but it definitely shows . Even unmounted this paper does n't take chalk very well . I put it on wood with a little texture and it would n't take chalk at all .
 Do n't waste your money . It 's contact paper . It rips easy , does n't show the writting with chalk . Go buy a $ 10 can of rustolium chalkboard paint .
 I will preface this with I generally do not like to rate a 1 star and if you read my other reviews will find that I have never done this before.The product is extremely thin , not durable either . The adhesive on the back to stick to the wall or boards etc. was not strong enough for me to even put it up for more than a few hours.I cleaned the wall in the area where I wanted it to be , dried it out and then let it sit until extremely dry.I then applied this to the wall as if it were wallpaper - Rolled it on to make it as perfect as possible . It looked great at first.I wanted to surprise my kiddos once they arrived home from school which was in 2 hours . I then wanted to write something on there . I had white chalk , colored chalk -LRB- school grade -RRB- and sidewalk chalk . All of the chalks would barely show up on the paper which was not something I was excited about . When trying to erase it left awful marks on the paper.I used a slightly damp tissue paper and it worked great!To my dismay when I went to get the kids from school , I checked on the wall -LRB- extremely excited -RRB- and was let down because it was on the floor rolled up and now stuck to itself.This made it extremely difficult to try to unravel with ripping it . It also left crazy creases in it which deemed it useless.I then purchased chalkboard paint which was about 50 % more and it has worked as a charm.I highly recommend you do your research and if possible go to a friends house if they have something similar.I will not tell you to not buy this as it is your money , but just wanted to give a little insight into my experience .
 Fiskars , I 'm sure is a good tool company . However these Loppers are fine for small trimming . The problem starts when the orange pieces holding the blades inside the handle break and come out . Then the blade parts wo n't stay in the handle and it becomes extremly irritating . Taping , bolting etc. does not help . Then your off looking for new loppers .
 During the three years I 've owned this , I 've been in an exercise and strength program . I 'm in great shape now , you 'll be happy to hear , but these loppers have n't improved one bit . Live saplings up to an inch were all it was capable of then , and alas , the same now . To really cripple it , try a poplar sapling , This tool can j u s t make it through a 1 '' trunk , but can not handle the bark and thin layer of wood clinging to it at the end . You have to finish the job with hand shears or a beaver.If a power lopper is what you need , there 's got to be a better one , either from this maker or someone else .
 I always buy huge bags of Miracle Gro potting soil each year for my container plants , especially my tomatoes or new flowers . The Micromax Miracle Gro looks like a bag of bark mulch - lots of big chips and chunks , and smells like straight manure !! It has been three weeks since I planted my containers - adding last years soil and peat moss , and they still smell so strongly of manure that I hate to water them or even walk by them . First Miracle Gro product that I hate . Too soon for any growth apparently , so who knows !
 Be careful . This product claims it `` Wo n't Harm Lawn Grasses '' . Well it basically killed my lawn ! I read the label and followed the directions . I had one of the nicest lawns in our neighborhood and now it looks terrible . I believe its important to warn others before they use this product !
 This product turned my pond milky and created pockets of bubbles on the surface . It took many days to clear . The manufacturer did return my call regarding the failure of this product but they said it was due to my particular water conditions . NOWHERE on their own website , nor on their Amazon description , was there ANY warning about a specific , necessary water chemistry for this product to perform as advertised . While the maufacturer 's rep answered my questions he did not show any concern or care about the situation . Even after I explained to him that I had used their enzyme products for nine years.I rely heavily on the reviews here and hope to help others avoid wasting their money . The maufacturer refused to refund the price of the product to me .
 The order included 6 individual weiner sticks . I was not very happy with the way they were packaged . They were packaged in six individual boxes with a lot of packing material in each one . each box was big enough to contain at least 20 weiner sticks . I ca n't believe Amazon made any profit on this transaction and it took me a annoying long time to break the boxes down for trash pickup .
 This item came broken so I returned it . I got charged on my account and I have not seen a credit yet.If it would have been packaged better it might not have broken . I ca n't really say how I would have like the product because I never used it .
 From the item description : Kit includes 3 section vacuum formed fencing with PVC pipes and wood stakes . All in a reusable storage chest.Discrepancies :1 . -LRB- Misleading -RRB- The kit includes 3 sections , however it takes all 3 to make the 1 section of fence in the picture . When all three are put together end-to-end it produces one section of fence that is 42 '' long .2 . There are no wood stakes included .3 . There is no `` storage chest '' included .
 Very cheaply made and will not stand up to any wind or even the slightest impact . Do not recommend this .
 I ordered this product to patch a preformed pond , but the dimensions are not given in the product description . I decided to take a chance , and ordered it anyway ; I was very disappointed when I opened the package because this patch was WAY too small for the job ; I wasted my money because a very important piece of information was omitted re
 1 . Some assembly required .2 . `` Fit and Finish '' sub-par .3 . Pre-installed hardware was not securely attached , creating a potential safety hazard .4 . One of two latches broke on first use.I once owned aHasty-Bake Portable Stainless Charcoal Grill , which was a pleasure to own and operate . After experiencing the Tool Box Grill I am reminded that you get what you pay for .
 I purchased two of this item one came with a 7 amp charger the other one did notDO NOT BUY YOU WILL NOT KNOW WHAT YOU WILL GET !!!!! NO CHARGER NO WIRING
 Note that this cover does not have a zipper , which makes it near impossible to put on , or remove from the umbrella .
 I ordered this item and if the product were better built with more robust plastics this would be a great product . However , the quality is really bad . The plastic molding had several parts that did not fit properly and would not slide in position to interlock . The plastic bends easily with light ponding on the ground , even if the ground is fairly soft or recently tilled . I would recommend `` Pound-In Edging '' instead if you are looking for a system that interlocks .
 The `` frost Blanket ' ripped apart in the first breeze . The item I received was not the item I ordered . I ordered an 8 degree difference blanket . What arrived was a 4 degree difference and 1/2 the amount . The original company -LRB- Master Gardner -RRB- made good and sent me more of the light weight product but the intermediate company -LRB- Biz rate as I recall -RRB- was useless . In the end I had to go out and buy it locally from Lowes which was an excellent product , now going into its 2nd winter in great shape .
 I live in Florida and thought these frost blankets would come in handy when we get a couple of frost days . Well needless to say after getting our first frost and using this product it had no protection what so ever . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 I purchased the product based on the reviews from others that it was strong enough to annoy humans . This has proven to be entirely untrue . If you hold the product up to your nose , it is repulsive . However , if you use this product on something like a tree , at 5 ' high , a human would have to be within 1 or 2 feet literally to be able to smell it at all.Since this product is designed to repel cats and dogs , and their olfactory senses are much more sensitive , it might work for cats and dogs -LRB- although my dog is not bothered by it -RRB- . It DOES NOT work to repel humans from an area as some reviews have indicated , unless perhaps they are leaning ON the pole where you apply the product .
 I experienced the same problem as J. Stilwell . once I connected the machine , water was leaking all over the place , the `` machine water inlet '' was broken in half . I went on line to check if parts are available for this unit , but this particular model does not seem to exist on the powerwasher website . I have sent them a message ... They replied really fast and told me that they would replace the broken part at no charge . I received the part within a week . -LRB- good service !!! -RRB- Its performance is pretty good for a pressurewasher of this price . and it comes with lots of accessories.Not a bad deal afterall . -LRB- I -LRB- re -RRB- - rate this Item 4 stars -RRB-
 I too , had the experience of the powerwasher working for a few moments only to lose power and spray water in all directions from a leaking gun . I own the slightly older -LRB- red -RRB- version of the washer . To their credit , powerwasher immediately replaced the defective gun -LRB- with a different design -RRB- , and the shipping was rapid . Unfortunately when you are set up to do a power washing task , shutting down for a week is annoying even with rapid shipping . My experience added to those of other reviewers indicates that quality control is sorely lacking . On the bright side , I have had the unit for close to two years now and the new gun has operated flawlessly.The design of the washer is terrible . The wheels are much too small - rolling the unit with hoses attached is just short of impossible . Be prepared to lift and carry . I would definitely consider a gas model if I had it to do over again . Imagine a garden hose , the power washer hose , and the electric cord all working themselves into a tangle . A gas unit would eliminate one source of tangle.Today I must purchase a new turbo nozzle which just gave out - split open . Unfortunately Amazon does not carry the part and I am forced to deal directly with Powerwasher . They do not sell the nozzle separately so I must also purchase the unneeded lance . I hope the shipping time is reasonable.I love Amazon , but would only buy a power washer locally so that if it dies in 15 minutes , I can replace it without wait time .
 I had the item for 2 weeks and used it three times . The plug went bad and I had to replace it . Also the washer is very noisy almost too loud to speak when using it .
 Item arrived promptly and box was intact . When I first used it however I was in for a rude surprise . The unit was broken internally in several places and water was leaking everywhere . Once the inside filled up with water , broken plastic floated out on the driveway . The pump had broken away from the internal mounts . Cheap brittle plastic was not built to support the unit during shipping . I have contacted customer support but they only have hours 8-5 so I had to leave a message . How convenient ...
 I bought this powerwasher thru Amazon as it was a good price for a 1500PSI electric powerwasher . Plus it came with the 17 piece accessory kit and free shipping . I hooked everything up and turned it on and it ran fine-for about 5 minutes . Then the motor started surging and then quit altogether . I called Powerwasher , Inc 's 800 # and it was an automated system that did not solve my problem but directed me to their website for live chat . They sent me a list of common sense troubleshooting tips , like
 It 's better than a hose but nothing special , the worst stains you will still have to scrub before using to get them away . As many of the parts are plastic they are easily broke , the part that attaches to the hose snapped on my second use so you really need to make sure there is no tension on the machine when moving it . Support was good and I got a replacement part without much hassle .
 It took forever to recieve this item and when i did it was absolutely tiny !!! Not much bigger than the size of a piece of printer paper .
 I was expecting a powerful deterrent but instead I got a mild odor which was not even noticeable beyond 3 feet on a hot windless day.A lot of hype but definitely not worth the money . Better to go to Lowes and buy deer repellent.Very very disappointed !!!
 This contains only one test for $ 3.53 . This is EXPENSIVE . The list price is over $ 10 ! Get one with more tests . I would prefer the old fashioned paper test strips .
 This thing looks like a torture device or some type of a naughty marital toy . The hammock part is overly complicated and simply does not offer the support that one would expect for an item of this nature . The tripod frame is incredibly big and after a quick inspection , appeared to be well made . Unfortunately , I soon found out that it was unable to handle a 175 lb adult . Please take a look at my picture on the product page .
 First off , the company is awful ! They took 6 weeks to deliver even though they said they had stock on hand when I first asked and when I asked for an explanation they said `` we were busy '' without any kind of apology . They could n't even bother to tell me they were out of stock for weeks , when I had already expected it delivered . This company is full of lying jerks who only want your money . The product was damaged in the warehouse before it was delivered -LRB- cause delivery can not damage the inside without damaging the outside -RRB- and they told me I was wrong and they NEVER make any mistakes in their company -LRB- yes he actually said never ! -RRB- even though several pieces were missing that they eventually sent to me . They made me work extremely hard to get the order correct , so please save yourself the trouble and order from someone , ANYONE else ! Better yet just look online and build one for yourself for a fraction of the cost.Then here on Amazon , they lie about the price , to make you think you 're getting a deal , but it 's the same exact price if you ordered directly through them . See , a company of people who care nothing for you , and ca n't even tell the simplest truth.Company aside , this whole cabinet is VERY poorly designed and made with the cheapest materials possible . I regret this purchase every time I see it .
 WHAT A RIP-OFF !!! I bought mine in january of 2009 direct from the mfgr after comparing to others in the lower-end closet grow systems . The item arrived with missing parts for the hydro portion . When I got it up and running I was amazed at how LOUD IT WAS . Then I turn off the lights in the room the box was in and was shocked at all the lights leaking thru.The nutrients they supplied were a joke and their time-frame completely inaccurate . My first harvest using their nutrients and directions rendered an immature crop even though their instructions assured me this was the way to go.I had to spend hours and dollars to replace and remount fans to quiet it down and tried to stop the light leaks.By the way , the factory didn '' t even answer phone calls after my initial contact with them ... . I fear they have caller ID.After all my required modifications to quiet it down and darken it up I then discovered that it puts off heat like mad ! It warmed a 10 ' x 12 ' room to 92F in about 4 hours.I now use it for storage.WHAT A RIP-OFF !!!
 Imagine my suprise when I open up the box and discovered a pink flag . I have seen the original Bedford flag , and while it may have faded over the years , it is not this bad . Instead of being red , it is pink . I thought maybe it was just the lighting in the house , so I took it outside . Confirmed by me , and a number of laughing neighbors . It is pink . I called the company to ask for an exchange , and they informed me all of them are pink . I guess the manufacturer needs to work on the problem .
 I am disappointed with this feeder . They say it holds three pounds of seed , but I really doubt this . Filling the feeder is very difficult - the openings under the roof are too narrow - a funnel does n't work and seed spills everywhere just trying to get it into the feeder . The wood is nice , but I would definitely not buy this again and would return it if it was n't such a hassle .
 My husband and I purchased 4 of these tables for our ice cream shop . This table is not as easy to put together as it may seem . After many hours of swearing and struggling we decided to return the other 3 tables . Sounds easy , right ? No so much . It cost me $ 80 to ship them back and I am still fighting to get a refund for one of the tables . Be sure this is what you want because it will cost you much more than the $ 77.99 if you do n't like this product .
 I ordered the picnic table and when we received the package . It was noticed that the package was opened and re-taped closed . Upon opening the package there was no hardware or instructions in the package . Therefore we were not even sure all the parts to the table frame were even there . I sent two emails through amazon.com with no response . I finally called their customer service department and they gave me the phone number to the customer service department at Ace Hardware Outlet . There I spent 18 minutes on hold only to be disconnect with out ever talking to anyone . I am currently on hold again with ace hardware outlet customer service . it has now been 8 minutes and counting . I 'll let you know how things were handled once I can speak with someone in the know.Sincerely , Still Waiting
 I bought this to support a couple of small bird feeders on my deck rail . Come spring we had a minor storm with some wind and the weld for the clamp broke . The clamp is only spot welded in one place and is quite weak . Now when I replace my hook I can buy a couple of new bird feeders to replace the two that broke when it fell apart ...
 There is not one word on the bottle about how to mix this concentrate . It does indicate that it will treat up to 5000sq ft. It can be used on fruits and vegetables . However is is difficult to measure the square footage of leaves in my garden . My fruit trees are an even bigger challange to measure the square footage of leaves . There is a telephone number listed on the bottle . but be sure to have plenty of time to wait for an answwer ... I gave up after a 20 minute hold time !
 I am so disappointed The weed fabric is already deteriorating . It has been down for one month . I am going to have to spend more time laying something else down
 UPDATE
 Waste of money . The metal pan corroded and rusted in a matter of months causing the bath to leak .
 Please do n't waste your money . As the last reviewer reported , this rusted through in a matter of -LRB- few -RRB- months -- and this was an Oklahoma winter , a far cry from Florida . You may as well throw your money down a hole or send it to one of these nice Nigerian people who keeps e-mailing me .
 This shop broom has natural bristles that will scratch your floor . Will work great outdoors as advertised . The head does not have metal threads to screw the handle into , so it will wear out quickly .
 well its cute but the tools break :-LRB- arent sharp at all and the gloves do NOT help with thorns !
 A gift . I would not have chosen this garden tool set but it was the only one guaranteed to arrive by the date needed . Very expensive . I 've never seen anyone work in the garden in an apron either .
 I bought it for my mom as a surprise present . I was super disappointed because it was not a new product . I think it was already used before . I did not ordered used one ... stains on kneeling pad and dirt on every tools handgrip.very disappointed .
 My title says it all ... do n't waste your money . We used if for approximately three months before it just died . We used their trouble shooting guide to no avail . We then attempted to contact customer service via email and phone . They have NO customer support , I have yet to receive a call or email back from them . So you 're on your own if you buy this product . I was lucky enough to return it to the store and get a refund ; four months later.I did a lot of research on these products and thought I was buying a quality product ... boy was I wrong !!!
 The Eazy-Mow website says this fits ALL mowers - it does NOT ! It will definitely NOT fit Toro mowers with cast-aluminum decks -LRB- the Super-recycler models -RRB- . I can jury-rig about anything and make it work - but not this . I just spent 4 hours and ca n't come close to getting it attached correctly . So its going back.I will be out $ 25 shipping to and from - which I could have avoided if the web-site had the correct info on it about the mowers it does NOT fit . Quality seems adequate , but its not over-built .
 This was a very well reviewed product , so I purchased it.My Honda HHR did n't come with swiveling wheels in the front and with the purchase of my new home , it was required . If I had known now , BEFORE installing them , I would never had wasted $ 70 for them.These are very basic at best . A sturdy , but poorly designed product . If you put enough holes and slots in them , well it will fit just about anything . The pins for height adjustment have fallen out so many times I had to replace them with screws and lock nuts . I wish I had done this before I ran over them with the mower . I also used a threaded rod between the wheels to straighten them and give more support.I emailed Eazy Mow with no response.I 'm not a complainer , just a dissatisfied customer with a poor product and out $ 70 .
 I liked this idea , but as others said they only work on flat level surface . If you do n't have a flat level surface you end up fighting to keep the mower where you want it . Also the hard small wheels sink into thick/dense -LRB- not tall -RRB- grass making the mower hard to push -LRB- even with self propelled -RRB- and this results in an uneven cut and gouges in your turf . Maybe with larger/wider/softer wheels this would work on thick/dense grass , but my healthy lawn is too much for them and I 've had to remove them . Waste of money for me .
 the pins rattle out in the middle of use . very hard to change levels . Took them off . THEY WOULD NOT LET ME RETURN THEM SINCE I HAD TO DRILL A EXTRA HOLE TO INSTALL THEM .
 Appears to be a well-designed and mostly well built product . They are really helpful on the mower , and cut mowing time significantly . Having said that , here are some of the drawbacks - cotter pins constantly fall out . I had to replace them with nuts and bolts , which makes height adjustment a real chore . Plastic knobs get brittle and break apart . The flat triangular plate which supports the wheel actually bent , requiring me to heat it with a torch and pound it flat again . Calls to the company go unanswered , e-mails are ignored . If a miracle happens and you get someone , you 'll be told if you need a part for them , even something small like a knob or pin , you have to order a new complete set . He says he has them made in China because it 's cheap , and he ca n't be bothered stocking spare parts . He said he does n't particularly care about bad reviews , as his feedback is 97 % positive , so that 's all he needs . It 's a real shame that the guy has a great concept , and a mostly great product , but he simply wants to take the easy road - having them made cheaply in China , selling as many as he can , and effectively telling his customers to go pound sand . What if a car company sold you a brand new automobile , then when you need a small part for it , they told you , `` sorry , we have it made in China now , you 'll have to buy a whole new car to get that part you need ! '' So , buyer beware !
 At any case , you will most likely need to modify your lawn mower to fit this kit which requires you to drill a few holes . The kit is a joke , these people that give this product a 4 or 5 stars should not of rated this product . First of all the pins that keep the wheels together will continue to fall apart , you will also have to find a way to modify the pins to make sure their secure . For me i have to weld everything to make it secure.The worst thing about this product is , the metal frame is not strong enough , if you have a lumpy lawn , the metal frame might bend alot , which cost you alot of time trying to hammer it back to straight.Product does not worth what their asking for . People that mow their lawn regularly or professional landscapers should never buy this product . See the picture ? looks cheap , because it is .
 Grill Brush would not withstand the barbecue heat . Description claims it is resistant to 400 degrees temperature.I would like to know how to get a replacement .
 We had a similiar sprayer and loved the pump and long lasting spray , it worked for 2 plus years . Our local stores did n't have or plan to carry so turned to Amazon to find a replacement . Worked great for about 4 loads of liquids and then the valve within the sprayer part died . This is the exact same issue that happened on the older one . Two years of service before failure is acceptable but three uses , no way !
 I bought one of these , it lasted 5 minutes before it stopped working . It has a `` lifetime '' warranty . I took advantage of this . I got a `` new '' sprayer through Gilmour . It lasted 5 minutes and stopped working . I again contacted Gilmour . I gave them the model number and even sent pictures of what the sprayer looked like . They sent me the wrong parts for the sprayer I had . I complained again . They wanted to send me another `` new '' sprayer . I told them I wanted a refund , I was tired of their lousy product . They refused . So , avoid Gilmour for everything . They make crap .
 They say this reads in just 6 seconds . It did n't . It took more like 25 to 30 seconds from the time you immerse it in ice water till the display reads 32 F . It seemed even slower in meats . The display is tiny and hard to read . But , it was cheap . I 'm told you have to spend $ 70 to $ 80 to get a professional `` thermocouple '' thermometer that can truly read a complete temperature in 6 seconds . So I guess you get what you pay for . I 'm only disappointed that they claim this thing reads in 6 seconds .
 Was unable to deter any pest , be it dog , cat , squirrel , skunk , or bird when on animal repellant setting . Strobe light seems to work properly and acceptable , but the alarm seems to be either defective or falsely advertised since when triggered the pulsating noise seems weak and minute -LRB- on intruder setting -RRB- . Proximity that is needed to active the alarm is far smaller than advertised , product description states 30 feet , but its more like 5ft . Overall this product loses three stars for not being able to control outdoor pests , but keeps two stars for at least being able to make some noise .
 After several months of some use , the sound switch will not respond to the frequency setTHe loud high-frequency sirening sound is not longer working , just the strobe light . Also , the 4 big batteries need to be replace too often.I give it 2 stars because it work well at the beginning , with the loud sound , then it did not longer work -LRB- and I take a great care of the unit -RRB-
 This just did n't work well ... sometimes it worked when it was suppose to & sometimes it did n't :--LRB- we found it to be useless & not helpful . We returned it ...
 bought the Lentek Yard Control Plus . NEVER WORKED AT ALL . DOES NOTHING EXCEPT SELF-TEST . DETECTS NOTHING . TRIED MORE NEW BATTERIES . DOES NOTHING EXCEPT SELF-TEST . DETECTS NOTHING . BOUGHT VOLTMETER TO TEST BATTERIES . BATTERIES OK . 1.65 VOLTS DC . BATTERIES JUST FINE . REPEAT
 does not work as advertised ... the first 2 I ordered needed to be returned ... one did n't work at all and the other only worked if a moving object came with 6-8 inches !!! the 2 replacments were somewhat better ... but still activate only if a moving object comes with 3-4 feet at best !!! A far cry form the `` Up to 15 Feet '' that Lentek advertises.Very disappointed and would consider paying more money to another company that provided a product that actually works !!! Ricky Fermoyle
 I wanted a product that would dissuade small animals from invading my pool and leaving deposits . This product , although stating that it had variable sensibility - close or up to 15 feet , and a frequency from audible to way high above what the human ear can hear , did not perform as described . Wherever I walked in front of the device , and at whatever sensitivy , it registered until I was right in front , then failed to respond . Any other crittur in the vicinity was not put off by a sound that on high frequency , I could always hear . In fact whatever creature was leaving deposits did so right in front of the device . Needless to say I was not impressed .
 I actually bought a slightly different model of this product that ... does n't sell , the X-Contro by Lentek . It 's the same thing but without the flashing light . I bought it because we were having problems with rats and racoons in our yard -LRB- rats eating from our bird feeders and racoons just tearing the yard up -RRB- . I was attraced to the Lentek products because of the 900Mhz motion detector that would set it off if anything moved within a 15 ' radius . What I found out was that the rats were too small to set it off , so unless I was willing to run a cord out to it so it could run in continuous mode , the rats were safe.Luckily -LRB- I guess -RRB- , within 2 weeks of setting it up , the motion detector had essentially stopped working and it was going off every 15-20 seconds whether there was any motion or not . That actually helped with the rats and I was a bit thankful for the defect.However , the advantage of having the device activate every few seconds was mitigated by the noise that it made . New out of the box , the device makes a very pronounced clicking whenever the speakers turn on or off . It 's audible enough that when it was setup outside and I had the windows open I could hear it on the other side of my house . Although annoying , that was acceptable to me.But as time went on , the device became more and more audible , letting out fairly loud , gargled squeaks and chirps from time to time . It seemed to be most pronounced when the device would get wet -LRB- it claims to be weatherproof -RRB- . Finally , today , it has gotten to the point where it is completely audible -LRB- and loud -RRB- regardless of the frequency range I set the device to . So , I have had to take it down -- since I live in a somewhat compact neighborhood , having that kind of noise blasting out every 20 seconds is a sure way to get death threats from the neighbors.The most annoying part of this is that , in the end , it never seemed to deter the racoons , who continue to tear up my yard with abandon . Also , as another testament as to how cheaply this thing seemed to be constructed , there is a glued-on piece of paper that sits around the device 's controls and provides captions for each . Within 3 days of putting this outside , that paper had curled up and pulled off the device because of the heat -LRB- 90 F , but it was in a completely shaded area -RRB- .
 I have been sucessfully using the Weitech Yard protector continuously for two years . But I keep the frequency set for cats only . Any other frequency may irritate the neighborhood dogs.Unfortunately , a band of racoons recently began to terrorize my pond at night . So I decided to add a second motion sensitive pest repeller . I had hoped the Lentek yard control would compliment the Weitech . BUT , the Lentek is a piece of junk right out of the box . The motion sensor immediately activates and never turns off . It would not be so bad if the strobe light was not constantly flashing . I plan on trashing the Lentek and buying another Weitech .
 After few hours the strobe light quit working . We sent Yard Contro back to Lentex Dec 2002 . We have tried at least 20 times to find out what is going on we have been told we sent you a new unit 3 times and never received it . We were told we will send your money back twice . We have been told they are out of stock . Now their phone service is not working . Save your money and alot of frustration and buy something else . 7/22/03 still have not received a new unit or our money back . We are still calling as of this date . We call aleast once a week . Their phone service is out of order .
 This item does n't work very well . For starters , the range of motion detection is about 4-5 feet , not the 30 feet claimed by the manufacturer . Once triggered , the sound and strobe light only activate for a short period -LRB- 1-2 seconds -RRB- so that it 's really not all that distracting for the racoons . It sounds constantly when it rains . And finally , it takes a long time to reset once it 's been triggered . I purchased the unit to keep the raccoons away from my garbage cans , and it helps to some degree , but it does not keep them away permanently as I had anticipated .
 we had a barking dog problem . The neighbor tried all sorts of creative and useless ways to stop it , one of which was this . It kept the dog quite for maybe 20 to 30 seconds then he quickly figured out it was just more background noise and completely ignored it . Perhaps we should have just used it as a club ?
 Sensitivity range is less than advertised . Only alarms when directly in front of unit and within 4-5 feet .
 Just bought the device , does not activate unless you are 6 inches in front of it . So , it is not very effective unless the animal walks really close to the device . Tried to speek with tech support but they do n't really help , they want me to ship them the item with my money although it is a product defect .
 I wish I had read these reviews before I purchased 2 units . When you get the unit , the documentation packed inside clearly states that the range is 15 feet . Check the advertisement here and note it leads you to believe the range is 30 feet . What 's more ... I totally agree with several of the reviewers here who have stated that it 's more like 5 feet . Also , we found that it triggers on things like spinklers and rain ... that means you have a repeated and annoying activation ... aside from wearing down the batteries.The very best thing about this whole deal was that the seller was `` As-seen-on-TV '' . They were very understanding and not happy about the product . They provided a full refund.The manufacturer completed ignored my concerns . I checked their web site and found that they were inconsistent in describing the coverage sometimes as a 30-foot circle , and elsewhere as a 360-degree , 30-foot radius .
 I orderd one when I was in US in dec 08 with so called redar sensor system . Having returned back to India , I tried to find out how it works . When activated by moving my hand around at 6 '' from the device , i see flashing light come up , and clicking sound . When slider is on human , I could hear nothing . When taken close to Rabbits , they did not react at all.I came to this website to see if there is any solution , but I find comments similar to mine ! Looks like this company is cheating a lot of people and some one needs to take appropriate action from US .
 I put battery in , turned it on to the 2nd position -LRB- dragonfly sound -RRB- and walked toward an area in my backyard where mosquitoes are abundant . They swarmed me , some flying right next to the unit . I tried the 1st , silent position with no change.I can not believe that the company can even make the claim that this repels mosquitoes . My only guess is that in the absence of a person , it may work , but with the temptation of a bloodmeal , they seem to ignore this thing.Too good to be true .
 We live near a river , so our mosquito population is pretty dense , and I was excited about the possibility of getting such a neat device that would keep the critters away from me as I move about the yard . Unfortunately it just does n't work . When I sat at my patio , looked at my wrist , the once with the Lentek MC05C strapped on , and saw mosquitos blatntly having lunch , I knew they had outwitted me again . I do n't know about the other Lentek devices , but this one is a dud .
 Did n't do a thing to repel the little blood suckers as far as I can tell .
 Awful !! Returned for credit , and bought a bug ` zapper ' . I used only 1 night , and the Lentek killed 5 mosquitos !
 I 've had this bug killer for two months , and it broke . The lights inside the trap no longer work ... after two months . The amazing fact is that it was only used intermittently during those two months . Tried to return it to Amazon , but they would not accept it for a refund/exchange ... terrible limited-time period return policy . I would NOT recommend that you buy this product or any Lentek product for that matter .
 I 've had this bug killer for two months , and it broke . The lights inside the trap no longer work ... after two months . The amazing fact is that it was only used intermittently during those two months . -LRB- ... -RRB- . I would NOT recommend that you buy this product or any Lentek product for that matter .
 What I thought was going to be a clean/safe way to deter mosquitos turned out to be a complete waste of money . I trackeddown a mosquito that was sitting on my bathroom wall and tested the device out . With all 3 settings -LRB- the 2 male mosquitos and the dragonfly -RRB- on the loudest at around 6 inches from the mosquito , the thing was n't even phased and sat there . I even tried to adjust the volume up and down thinking that the sound amplitude might have an effect . Again , the bugger was still parked on my wall . I 'm going to return this thing ASAP and I 'm also wondering what the previous reviewer was smoking giving this product a 5 star rating ...
 If the frequencies on this product do indeed work it must attract mosquitoes because it does not repel them . As the previous writer said , A complete waste of money .
 If the frequencies on this product do indeed work it must attract mosquitoes because it does not repel them . As the previous writer said , A complete waste of money .
 There seemed to be less evidence of gophers in the beginning , but they are back as usual . I 've been using it for three months .
 I have tried everything to get rid of moles
 Regarding the other buyer 's review of the construction issue , the tip on both units I ordered incurred the same problem , thus the watertight `` seal '' becomes faulty and water enters the unit . One of the units corroded from the water and stopped working within 2 weeks of installation . I now have gopher activity within 100sf of the working unit -LRB- installed 5 weeks -RRB- , and in solid clay soil , which is supposedly the best soil for operation . So far , not so good .
 I have both this as well as a Weitech model . The gophers do n't even seem to notice the noise , regardless of frequency setting . They are continuing to eat plants less than 1 foot away from the noisemakers .
 After twice sending the unit back to the factory , the unit worked for two weeks and again would not turn on . I tried all the suggestions made by the factory . The following year I opened the unit and tried to see what was wrong . I found totally frozen fan bearings . I suppose that the cartriges to repel mosquitoes are corrosive and corroded the bearings . To end my agonies with the unit , I took it to the garbage dump . The unit is cheaply made and therefore unreliable . When it worked , it worked well . I believe it cost me about one dollar per killed mosquito .
 I purchase my unit a little less than one year ago and now I am shopping for a different brand . It worked fine for the first summer season in Texas , but now that it is spring almost summer -- it does not turn on at all . I have completed all of the manual 's troubleshooting in addition to purchasing a new bulb and cable for it . But , it does not work anymore after only 1 summer usage ! I do not recommend !!!
 I picked up this unit hoping that it would do the job in my backyard , all that it has picked up is a few `` flying insects '' nothing else . Unless I am missing something , do not waste your money .
 We set up the system according to the instructions . We live in MA and our backyard has woods so we set it there and sat on the deck about 50 feet away . The first night it was not very humid and although there were some mosquitos around us , they were n't biting and assumed it was because of the Flowtron . The 2nd time we used it on a far more humid night , we tried to sit on the deck to eat and the mosquitos were swarming and biting us to the point that it was impossible to eat out there and we went inside . The mosquito trap had only about a dozen mosquitos in it from the 2 nights combined . Needless to say , we sent it back for a refund .
 This product does not work.It has caught a few moths , some mosquitoes.I have placed it in several locations ... DOES NOT WORK , do not waste your money !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Do n't waste your money , This product does not work . I wish I read the reviews before I bought it .
 I bought this unit for 2 reasons . 1 -RRB- we have alot of black flies and biting bugs out here in the country 2 -RRB- It was on clearance for $ 45 . So far in a week it has caught maybe 10 bugs . I stood next to it with black flies swarming all around my head and nothing ! I will try it in different locations to see if that improves it 's effectiveness . But all in all I 'm not impressed . Just glad I did n't pay $ 180 for it .
 I bought two of these . They are easily assembled but the components are flimsy and poorly fabricated.After only a few weeks , the finish looks dreadful ... not a patina but a blotchy mix of metallic finishes.They are unstable and the chimney on one does not fit properly , allowing sparks to escape ... a safety hazard .
 This product is worthless !! I tried it on my Fig plants to keep the mocking birds away . I could see the birds several feet away looking at the power wing and enjoying my Figs . The folks at Lentek did not back up the product . It may make a good office paper weight !
 I have a problem with birds pecking holes into the side of my house to nest . I have one hung under an eave and the birds totally ignore this thing . It is totally ineffective . Do n't waste your money on this gimmick .
 I have serious pigeon problem in my backyard . The bird drop causes me headache , especially for my pool . After purchased this item and installed it for about a month , I found that it has zero effect to pigeons . They still come and go as normal , and they do not seem to be bother my this so call `` Bye-Bye Birde '' device . By the way , I have followed all the instructions on how to install . All pigeon drops was cleaned.So be careful . When you considering this device . Its effectiveness is questionable .
 I think this device is actually meant to attract birds .
 I would have loved to been in on the product planning session for this piece of junk . I am continually amazed at what people will do to make money for themselves . And I am continually amazed at the people that give it to them for useless products such as this . People that buy this type of item should get a clue . Or go back to school and finish that science class they kept cutting .
 This unit never worked properly . The bulbs kept on burning out one after another , lost seven of them within four months.Customer service is impossible . There is never THE RIGHT PERSON available.Decided to throw the unit in the garbage ... but before doing that I opened the unit . Incredible . The transformers were improperly fastened , the wires were touching ... and it all was half burnished . They say it is made in America ... but perhaps the tecnicians were stoned when they assembled it.Very sad experience .
 I bought TWO -LRB- 02 -RRB- Bye Bye Birdie Wings and placed them on a relatively short balcony -LRB- 10 meters long -RRB- . After 3 weeks , the pidgeons were back . I tried moving the devices around , putting them in different locations , put the birds kept coming . I sometimes see the birds standing on the balcony railing , right on top of the ` Wings ' !! My advise , do n't waste your money & time .
 The screen was OK had it been the right size . The description stated `` 36 inches '' but it 's really 30 '' for a 36-inch total width firebowl . I had to send it back to the manufacturer . They were very helpful and sent me the fed-ex label paid for and I shipped it back . Unfortunately they did not have a bigger screen to fit my needs .
 I owned a Pawleys Island Hammock -LRB- rope -RRB- several years ago and really liked it so when it came time to replace it -LRB- it was stolen -RRB- , I went back to Pawleys again looking for another hammock . This time , however , I bought the quilted hammock because it looked more comfortable than the rope hammock and because it got some pretty good reviews . What a disappointment.The first hammock I received had to be returned - right out of the box - because some of the stitching was coming apart . Thinking this was just a fluke , I asked for a replacement . The second hammock was sent , very promptly I must say , but it also needed to be returned because some of the rope ends were coming unravelled.I have sent the second hammock back and will be getting my money back and looking elsewhere for another hammock . Too bad because there have been some great hammock days that I 've missed out on.Also , although the stitching on the second hammock was not coming apart , the thread used looked very delicate and I would n't be surprised if problems developed later on .
 Closing in on a month and still no product , and Amazon wo n't let me cancel . This is total garbage . Do not order from this company !!!!!
 I received bulb and installed it and it 's not brite at all I have a total of 3 1000watt reflectors , and 2 lights are the same briteness and the new one is way dimmer , not worth sending back I 'm just going to my local grow shop and purchase new bulb I ca n't afford to run a dim light bulb plants like alot of light that why I have 1000 watt set up not a 400watt
 Except for the 3 pipes , all parts are brittle plastic , including all fittings and shower head . I do n't expect this to last through the summer without breaking . The joint between the base and the shower pipe is plastic , which looks like it will easily break . Because of this , I tied the top of the shower pipe to a tree to take stress off this joint .
 I found it impossible to set these traps . The spring is too strong and the latch that is suppose to hold down the trap does not work , ca n't hold it and releases immediately . Trying to adjust this ` hook ' that catches the trap was impossible .
 Cheap $ 85 price is offset by $ 51 shipping and handling fee . Ends up costing MORE than the same item sold for $ 120 elsewhere on Amazon with free shipping .
 i ordered the coolaroo shade sail thinking this was going to funk-up my backyard and make it look hip and modern . I had seen it in a pic of a friend 's backyard and it looked great . I had a hard time determining the right size - on the online info there were no recommendations that i could find regarding suitable sizing of sail to space , and even when i received it it was n't clear what the size was , so i had to try to pull all 16ft around the backyard to figure out how to hang it . It was too big for my yard in the end and after spending 78 dollars to have it shipped to Canada , i gave it to my parents to use . I was surprised by the fabric - very plastic and synthetic looking , not canvas-y as I expected.Overall , I was disappointed with the whole thing , though it may just have been due to my high expectations as I know there were lots of positive even raving reviews I had read online . good luck w your shade sail ! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 i do n't really know how the product is . After reading more detailed information included with the product , it says not recommended for the pool because the clorine could effect/shorten the product life . It seems that the ad shows the coolaroo shade being used next to the pool . And that 's what we bought it for . Not sure what to do with them now - still siting in the box next to the door gathering dust ... . Oh , well . i 'm sure its a great product , just not for us .
 The shade is okay , but the company sent the wrong item at first , and then took almost 6 weeks to make it right .
 Cool-aroo concept here , but needs much consideration before buying . I have a patio that is 16 X 27 . I figured if I hung this thing about 9 to 10 feet about one side of it I would get about 33 % shade . Well they fail to tell you that the sail is an acute triangle -LRB- although the picture looks slightly like it -RRB- . The coverage is very poor and requires you to pair it up with another one or two ; but then you have to sink more poles if you do n't have other structures to attach to.So I gave it two stars based off the fact they try really hard to sell you the overall concept in one sail . Two or more is definitely needed.The quality of the product is good . The fabric seems really durable and they corner rings are strong.In the end , I returned it . It just was n't for me ; and did n't want to sink more poles off my patio .
 This shade sail was disappointing . It was so curved in on the sides that it did n't give enough shade . Wasted money on this product . They look good in pics but are n't really shade friendly . Where we live there is a lot of wind and it was always flapping and actually blew down a couple of times . The wind can do havoc with them .
 Started out great , then the switch stuck , and the cheapo plastic coating on the arm cracked up , then the flex rusted ... so it 's fine if you do n't expect it to last more than a couple of years ... Is a overall great idea ; just shoulda been stainless ...
 Biggest piece of junk I have ever purchased -LRB- from Amazon or any other place -RRB- . Right out of the box the light did n't work . It was something as simple as a burnt-out bulb , but the light requires a special bulb that can not be purchased at any normal hardware store .
 I bought this in April 2009 . I threw it away June 2010 . The gooseneck portion of the light is covered in a plastic coating that is not waterproof . Water gets trapped inside and rusts the arm . There 's a reason this light is only $ 30 .
 If you take a look at the picture advertised for this product it displays a nice shiny flexible conduit that leads almost all the way to the light itself.When you order this you will not recieve anything close to Stainless Steel . The entire flexible part is made of grey plastic conduit with writing that diplays the UL ratings like 125 deg C and other non-astheticly pleasing issues like painted aluminum and a huge Red push button switch . Yep , that 's right I said HUGE and RED!I called and asked the manufacturer if they accidentally packaged this before adding the shiny flexible peice and finishing the light . They explained `` Nope , that is exactly what you ordered '' . I asked to take a peek at the picture on the Amazon site . She actually said again , `` yep , that what you got '' . What a complete joke.Needless to say my only choice is to return this item . I though I could expect more from a company called `` Designers Edge '' Maybe they meant `` We leave the design out all together and just remain on the edge of staying in business '' . Good Luck if you oder this peice of showman ship for your ourdoor kitchen or BBQ . It 's not a finished light by any means . Also , the hardware in the package looks like it will be very difficult to install . Only 4 inches of wire is given as well . I will try to post a picture soon .
 This item was for an outdoor BBQ island . I installed them myself and they work very well . It did n't take long and the plastic coating over the flexible neck cracked from the weather and they began to rust . Outdoor products should be more resilient in the weather . I used automotive flex coil to cover the neck and hide the corrosion . The lights still work at two years old .
 Hirt 's I have ordered from twice . Both times a sad failure.Product picture shows 2-4-0 .5 , The product I received is 2-4-0 . Not a large difference , but the fact is that they do n't list the ratios in thedescription , so the picture is all we can go by . Do n't even get me started onmy other order from this supplier . Just find a better supplier for your indoor/outdoorgarden needs .
 I was very disappointed as this product . It did not kill the fire ants in my back yard and that is why I purchased it .
 The simple old one I had from CH just wore out after 10 or 12 years . That 's expected . But now they do n't make it anymore - they have this newfangled fancypants one which leaks like a sieve . I put tape around the threads , everything , and the old one that 's all cracked and dry rotted still works better . I just lost 5 pounds of air pressure in a truck tire . I 'm not happy , and will be trying to return this .
 I get the fact that you can not expect too much for 14.00 , but I actually figured this would last longer then it did . After 4 uses the pressure gauge got stuck on 120 and that was that . Not so easy filling tires when you have no idea how many Psi your at . Now i 'm sure someone will say I did n't take care of it , but I am fanatical about my tools , to the point where my wife tells me I take better care of them then her . Maybe I just got a dud , it happens , just do n't expect the world for 14.00 .
 I bought one of these from WalMart -LRB- $ 17 dollar range -RRB- and it is horribly inaccurate . It showed 8 ~ 9 psi less than actual so I over-filled my tires . Confirmed this by my cars tire pressure sensors as well as a good pen style gauge . Took it back ! From research a good gauge accurate to 1 % is not cheap and is at least $ 40 . Liquid filled gauges with a pressure balancer is a good choice . Additionally , this gauge had a smaller face which was a little difficult to read and the hose made it where it was a little difficult to read from directly above ; had to look at an angle.Skip over this one and good to a better brand .
 Received my gauge two days ago and hooked it up . Readings were way off , when compared to a digital gauge , but the worst part was the actual valve . Clumsy and flimsy , and with the rims on my truck difficult to use . Purchased a classic brass tire inflator with a sliding PSI gauge -LRB- like they have at most service stations -RRB- from The Home Depot for $ 16 and it worked much better . Buying this product was a mistake .
 fitts to tight and the rubber inside the fill valve ripped apart and leaks around handle really bad , air tank drains way to quickly
 I purchased this to use on my John Deer Rideing Lawn Mower , because the Tires have to be at the right air pressure or you do not get the pressure you need to blow the grass into the Rear Bagger . It Looks nice , I will give it that , However the one I received did not work . Every time I put it on a tire I was airing up , the pressure changed even if I dide n't put any air in . I could not get it to work , and am sorry I bought it .
 the description said it was max 150PSI but the one i got said 100 Max PSI and i didnt realize it said that a till after it stopped working .
 I purchased this thinking it was a 0 to 100 Psi which is what is advertised but what arrived is a 0 to 160 Psi which is worthless for checking lower tire pressures . Not worth the effort sending back maybe I can covert to a blow gun . One must remember you get what you pay for .
 Buyer beware the flimsy clip on to the tire breaks almost instantly . By some manner I was able to fix it , but I am considering it extremely fragile . AND the gage is totally off . So it is basically useless cause I have still have use another gage I trust after using this poorly made product .
 Gauge did not work immediately upon opening package and attaching to air hose . Poor quality control .
 did n't read all the reviews before bought it . I thought 4 stars were good enough . now I read the reviews and can understand why users were n't too happy with it . this thing should not get more than 2 stars . the chuck design has a major flaw as others already pointed out and the gauge reading was inaccurate .
 Is this seller kidding ? You can buy this 10.00 cheaper at Walwart.Also another irritating thing is you have to find a female quick connect to screw onto the handle ... NONE of the male will fit due to the hole being too small ...
 This product was ordered to help with a different type of valve on my bicycle tire . It did n't work for the purpose I ordered it for
 The chuck and clip design does n't work on some of my tires ; it wo n't go deep enough on the tire stem . I saw this mentioned in a few other reviews . Besides that , the spring in the clip slipped out yesterday and keeps popping out even after I disassembled/reassembled the clip - there is no detent to hold the spring 's `` foot '' on the metal base so it slips out repeatedly . I 'm going to buy another inflator ...
 This inflator looked promising , but I was disappointed when I found out the gauge was totally inaccurate . I inflated several different tires and then compared the reading on the gauge with two of my handheld gauges . In every case the MP6000 gauge was ~ 10 PSI higher . I expect some variability , but 10 PSI is too much . Product returned .
 This Tire Gauge has a warning on it not to use to inflate over 100 PSI . The product information stating `` Gauge has range of 10-140 psi '' is incorrect and misleading . DO NOT ORDER FOR RV USE !!!
 I should have known better than to buy another campbell hausfield product ... but my record is intact ... I have return EVERY one of their items i have owned ... all for quality issues ... when I attached this , the pressure relief valve leaked ... could not get it to seat properly ... it keep leaking ... checked my first tire that I knew had 35lbs pressure ... this gauge showed a little over 60 lbs ... reattched it and it read 20 , , , , , played with it for a bit and it either read 20 or 60 ... lol ... however when only reading from my compressor , it read somewhat accurate ... 5 lbs high ... oh well ... buyer beware ...
 I have n't actually been able to use this guage because it does n't come with the part that connects to the air hose ; I have to go buy an adapter that screws into it before I can use it . It seems sturdy though , so hopefully once I get the other part it will work ok.ETA
 This vague reads 45psi . Three other gagues in my garage indicates tire is 30psi . Need to figure out how to return it
 Piece of junk does not lock on the stem as it should will work if you apply constant presure with your hand while you air up the tire .
 Half of the packaging is covered with warnings about the lead in the paint of this device . Works fine but after reading the warnings on the package , I want to wear gloves every time I touch it .
 The compressor I am trying to fit it to is a standard one . Now I 'm forced to go out and search for a solution .
 There is not instructions manual . The product came in just what you see in the picture . I still have no idea how to use it . Does n't seem complicated but appearently there 's something missing
 After spending the greater part of the day going to several parts stores in order to find a matching connector so I could use it with any of my 3 compressors , I finally had to purchase one at a store that cost 2 times as much .
 I am a tech at a dealer and purchased this hoping to use it daily . After two days the gauge reading was stuck on 20psi and would no longer inflate .
 I wish I 'd paid more attention to the negative reviews before wasting money on this thing . Although it looks nice out of the packaging , it 's all a facade . The problem with mine is in the part that connects to the tire stem . It 's designed to shut off the flow of air unless it 's pressed onto the tire . Leaving aside the fact that this is not necessary -LRB- who cares if air free-flows from the hose when it 's not attached to a tire and you press the trigger -RRB- the nozzles seals up unless something presses in on it.My guess is the theory of how this is supposed to work is the little pin inside the tire stem pushes in on the inside of the nozzle to open it and allow airflow . But unless your tire already has some significant pressure or the stem pin has a pretty strong spring , it wo n't be able to push in the valve in this tool hard enough to allow air to flow . So when you pull the trigger , there a very brief spurt of air which pressurizes the red hose and seals the brass connector on the end . Now no air flows and your tool is locked up.You have release the trigger and stick a pen or toothpick into this tool to push back the valve and purge the red hose and start again only to have it close up again the moment you pull the trigger.I do n't know what 's wrong with the world these days . Everything is a facade of quality over guts of junk in order to squeeze the most optimal , maximal , last fraction of a penny profit from every last sale at any cost and nevermind if it harms the customer . The worst of it is that I would happily pay five times the cost of this tool for something of quality but it just is n't available . We 're all reduced to the least common denominator and most of it , like this tool , comes from China.This thing is going back to Amazon . It 's way too much trouble to send back given the price , but if people do n't ding Amazon , they 're going to continue to sell junk that is easier to take from the packaging to the trashcan than to send it back . So I 'm taking whatever steps and time are required to return it .
 It never worked right and refused to stay on our valve stems . When it damaged the threads on one stem while popping off I pitched it.Amazon would probably refunded my money but I got more satisfaction from stuffing it in the trash can .
 I purchased this inflator to replace a high end inflator and gauge . What a disappointment . The inflation chuck failed to deliver air to the tire valve after a dozen uses . That rendered the whole mechanism useless . Beyond that failure the air tube is plastic and very difficult to use in cold weather . The hose is a tad too short . The gauge is a little small and difficult to read . The air bleeder worked well and the metal body was a pretty blue . It is inexpensive and certainly feels and looks inexpensive . I am a bit obsessive about things like tire pressure and oil levels . This gauge left me wishing I had spent another 10 or 15 bucks to get a better inflator/gauge .
 I took good care of mine . Never dropped or anything of the sort . Used it to inflate a low tire and noticed it did n't look right after . It read 40 psi , but when second and third checked with 2 other tire pressure gauges , it 's `` 40 psi '' was well over 50 . I am disappointed in it 's inaccuracy and worries me to think what would have happened if I had n't second guessed it and just drove on very over inflated tires .
 Worked ok until the hose -LRB- rubber -RRB- rotted and started cracking and leaking air . The service life on this inflator was about 5 years with very little usage . My Grandfather always told me `` buy cheap , buy twice '' ... Think I will try the Milton Dual Chuck Tire Inflator With Gauge ... hopefully it will be the last I ever buy .
 I have used this for a few months now . The pressure gauge is NOT accurate . The valve stem lock works well . I DO NOT recommend this item .
 Only takes air OUT of tires , does n't let me put air IN tires.Wish I could have given NO stars .
 This requires a male fitting to be screwed into the bottom . However , the only fittings that anywhere sells are 1/4 '' , but this is not that size . The opening is a bit smaller , so none of the attachments sold at Lowe 's Or Home Depot fit . Now that it 's been over 30 days since I 've bought it and now discover that I ca n't find a fitting for it , this unit is completely useless . Everything else on this is a bit smaller too and thus seems less durable and not as well built as similar units . I would not recommend .
 Soemtimes this inflator will work correctly , but mostly it just pegs out the dial indicator when the trigger is actuated . It seems as if the pressure from my compressor is making to the dial readout , but not making it into the inflation tube and subsequently into my tire.Horrible purchase , save your money .
 Every other air tool comes ready to take a 1/4 '' NTP male connector , which are very common . This one requires a 1/4 '' female . Just be aware . What a PITA if you do n't have one handy . Otherwise , the gauge is about you 'd expect from a cheap Chinese factory .
 I felt the item was incomplete since it did not have a connection that could be hooked up to my compressor . I had to go out and buy a separate fitting to connect it . However that was not the fault of the item . It just came that way . Other than that , I am satisfied .
 Lousy Inflator Clamp and inacurate hard to read , but good looking gauge . Lets more air out the car tire than than what goes in . I probably gave it a generous 2 + on it 's good looks alone because it makes a good conversation piece . I 'm a little leary about using this on bike tires .
 Deserves NO stars . It was a complete waste of money -LRB- good thing it was so inexpensive -RRB- . Could not get it to fit the valve stems on my Miata . On other tires , could not get the retaining -LRB- hands-free -RRB- clip to hold . Gauge is WAY out of calibration . Much better units are available for very little additional cost .
 Sad to say the pressure gauge on this is way , way off . I have to inflate my tires to an indicated 48psi to get them to the 36psi I want . That really limits the usefulness of this product.It 's still nice to be able to clip it on , as it makes filling up an external air tank a lot easier than standing there shoving the filler onto the tank 's fitting , but for actually filling tires to a specific pressure , it 's sadly useless .
 They are selling this gun upon the notion that it can handle 150 PSI but only the guage is rated at 150 psi , the hose is rated 300psi and the gun itself is stamped on the handle to only handle 100psi .
 Build quality is cheap , as expected . Of course , I still expected the gauge to be useful but it is not ! It 's almost 10 psi off . Against several other known good gauges I have this one reads high . So far my clip has n't failed . Of course it does n't come with the connector for the air hose - how would they know which style you have?Now I have to find a replacement gauge . Likely will have to re-tap for a larger thread , as I can not find a replacement gauge that fits the current threads.Charge me 2 $ more and use a better gauge - I 'd be much happier ! 2 stars - since other than the gauge it works .
 I purchased this product in mid-2011 . I love it . Easy to use and the 0-100 psi gauge is bright and easy to read . HOWEVER , CH has changed the product recently . They did not change the model number . The current product includes a higher range gauge . It now reads 0-150 psi . For some this may be useful . But most tire applications are much lower . The higher range on the gauge makes it more difficult to read in the low range . Another serious caution . The gauge reads to 150 psi max . But the blue handle is imprinted with a 100 psi caution . The gauge gives this impression the unit is useful to 150 psi while it is actually limited to 100 psi . I have previously recommended this to all my friends . I can no longer recommend it.I will paste the response from Marcia S. at Campbell Hausfeld Customer Service on the pressure issue.The max 100 PSI max is for the pressure coming into the unit . The gauge is measuring what is in the tire , not what is coming into the unit . In other words , if you have a compressor that goes to 125 PSI and you open the regulator all the way up and have the full 125 PSI coming into the unit , it will damage it .
 I purchased Chaney Instrument 's Atomix 75320 wall clock about eight months ago for our master bedroom bathroom . Setting up the clock and remote temperature sensor is much more complicated than need be and its remote temperature sensor is very problematic . On the plus side , the clock has large LCD numbers so they 're easy to read and the timekeeping is what you 'd expect from a clock that syncs with an atomic clock.Following the directions to set up the clock work as expected but in my opinion getting the clock to `` up and running '' should be much easier given that the clock can receive atomic time -LRB- and the date ? -RRB- from the NTIS . I would hope that putting batteries in the device , establishing the time zone and pressing the `` get time '' button on the top of the unit would be all the setup that is required . That is not the case . If you do n't pre-set the time , date , and time zone the unit never received the NTIS time at the established time of 1 or 2 AM -LRB- each times were listed on two different sets of documentation -RRB- . The remote temperature unit has caused me the most grief . Chaney Instrument 's design requires user interaction to establish connectivity between the clock and remote temperature unit -LRB- RTU -RRB- but as long as you follow the setup directions establishing a partnership between the clock and RTU works . Still , when I put batteries in both the clock and then the RTU I would expect the two of them to automatically create a communication/connectivity `` partnership '' . However , after putting batteries in the RTU you must press and hold the TX button -LRB- TX = transmission -RRB- for three seconds . Unfortunately , TX button is under a four-screw battery cover so remember to do it before putting the cover back in place -LRB- if you 're not a person who likes to follow directions or who misses a step you 'll find yourself having to take the battery cover off more than you 'll care to -RRB- . Unfortunately , I experienced an issue the second time I replaced the batteries , established a partnership and then moved the RTU to its mounting outside of our home . The RTU 's signal would no longer update the temperature display on the clock . Because the RTU is water resistant I mounted it up underneath the soffit which on our house is two stories above ground . In attempting to get the clock and RTU to `` speak '' I 've climbed the ladder four or five times in order to get the RTU , descend the ladder , walk upstairs so I can see the clock , press and hold the clock 's channel button for three seconds to clear the partnership , unscrew the RTU 's four battery cover screws , press and hold the TX button to establish a partnership , tighten the four screws again , go downstairs , climb the ladder , and then slide the RTU back on it its mount . I feel like I 'm training for some geek triathlon . :--RRB- I 've never gotten the clock and RTU to communicate when I put the RTU back on its mount so the clock says it 's always 73 degrees outside -LRB- and we do n't live in San Diego so that is definitely not the case -RRB- . The support person said that the interference somehow occurred during the five minute interval between when the RTU was communicating with the clock and when I changed the batteries . Yeah , right .
 This clock would be excellent , but the numbers are n't legible from some essential viewing angles . I do n't seem to have this problem with other digital clocks . Instead of this being the main kitchen clock on the wall as I intended , I 've put this on top of the refrigerator as a spare.Update
 I never could get the remote to tell the base what the `` other '' temperature was . The base worked OK . Had to return the unit .
 I liked the large display , and compared to other weather clocks available at that time , this did seem to serve the clock functionality best.Purchased new , the unit worked great for a year or so . As other reviewers have noted , the setup does involve some manual button presses etc to get the remote sensor to talk to the main unit but if one follows the instructions , its OK . Also , since the remote sensor is ruggedized for outdoor use , the battery compartment and buttons all have to be accessed after removing 4 tiny screws - so make sure you have a small Phillips screwdriver handy.The problem began when I replaced batteries on the remote sensor . It no longer talks to the main unit . I placed it indoors , near the main unit , 10ft from the main unit just trying to get a connnection but no luck . The remote sensor may be broken but I have not found a seller who sells that separately . So effectively the unit is now useless ...
 I have owned the Dartmouth Desk clock for 2 years , it is a real pain to reset at DLS time . This year it still is one hour late , cant get it to update . however , the wall clock : I bought an atomix wall clock a few months ago , it would not change time at DLS either . But when I reset the signal and just set the clock aside , sometime on Monday it did catch up . Note Saturday was the change over date.The temp readings are a little off , I had the ` outdoor ' sender on the same shelf with the clock , the temps were 71 & 74 . I noticed the temp would very by as close as 1 to as much as 6 . So the temp feature is not scientifically correct , so what , it is close enough to know if you need a coat or not.Note
 Fortunately , I only invested $ 15 for this brand new . I should have returned it upon first time setting it up as it is quite archaic and time-consuming in its set-up procedures . Adding/replacing the batteries to the unit requires removing 4 screws .
 This looked like the ultimate luxury accessory for my hammock . Unfortunately , it just does not stay balanced and tips your drink at angles severe enough to regularly spill it . I must have tried attaching this to six different locations on the hammock and rigging the hanging rope ten different ways to stabilize it . It needs a third hanging rope , some kind of dead weight , or other innovation to make it work . You 're better off just putting a tiny side table by the hammock .
 I received my box today . Unfortunately , the package contains only 2 of the 3 items noted on the slip and shown in the picture ... the rope with handle and the stick were there ... but no pulley . So , I guess I 'm just pretty much screwed here . I thought when I bought this item it would at least contain what I thought I purchased .
 This is only my second review , but I had to write as this product is great , BUT has a fatal flaw . Replace the S hooks immediately -LRB- before hammock use -RRB- with carabiners . If two people are in the hammock and one gets up to leave then the S hook can easily pop out of the ring and the hammock falls to the ground . That happened to me when my husband got up and I hit the ground hard . NO fun and easily fixed with closed carabiners . The product is great otherwise , but you really have to figure out how to set it up -- sort of a geometry problem , but doable .
 I bought these straps to suspend a hammock . I tried everything to keep my butt from hitting the ground to no avail . -LRB- I 'm only 160 lbs , so I really did n't think this would be an issue -RRB- . I even mounted them at a height of 6ft -LRB- they recommend 4.5 feet -RRB- . My arms were shaking like an olympic athlete to secure the straps because I was trying to get them as tight as possible . The second you put any weight on them , the straps flex and your butt is on the ground.I messed around with these things for over an hour on my trees so I ca n't return them now . Hopefully I 'll find some other use for them but they are way too flexible to be used as a hammock strap as described .
 ORDERED THIS SET OF TWO STRAPS AND WHEN THEY ARRIVED MY HUSBAND AND I STARTED INSTALLING THESE ON THE TREES TO HANG THE HAMMOCK . ONE STRAP SIDE WORKED FINE . THE OTHER STRAP SIDE COULD NOT INSTALL AS PER THE MANUFACTURERS INSTRUCTIONS . THE STITCH WORK ON THE MATERIAL WAS NOT PROPERLY MEASURED AND THE STITCH WAS SEWN TOO FAR OVER AND THE METAL HOOP WOULD NOT GO THROUGH IT . THE STRAP WAS USELESS TO US . I EVENTUALLY RIPPED ONE OF THE SEAMS INTERFERING WITH USING THE PRODUCT . THEN THE STRAP WAS UNSAFE TO USE . RETURNING THIS PRODUCT WAS TOO EXPENSIVE AND TIME CONSUMING . MY MONEY DOWN THE TUBE . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT . NO QUALITY CONTROL .
 Set these up exactly how the instructions said to , laid down in my hammock and immediatly the stitching failed on fabric loop side of the strap . I made sure that I installed them correctly however the the stitching pulled back to beginning of where it 's stitched at . Luckly it stopped pulling away where the stitching starts or else I probably would have fallen completly to the ground . I can not recommend this product .
 This shovel is advertised as being by Ames True Temper . It is a Jackson brand that is made in India and distributed by Ames
 OK , I found out that this did n't fit my detector -LRB- Ace 250 -RRB- , which I would have known if I had read the other reviews . That would n't have mattered if ... The thing were well made . I assumed that since it was made by Garrett that it would be well made , but the zipper stuck on first go and then broke 5 minutes after getting it out of the package.That said , I am returning it and wo n't bother replacing it.This is one accessory that you could probably save money by not getting in the first place.I 'm surprised Garrett would let their name be on this thing it 's such poor quality . Points to Garrett for at least being responsive about the quality issue of this bag , but they should definitely redesign it so it fits their detectors and does n't break.After all , it does have the Garrett name on it !
 I 'm not even sure where to start ... well , its Not a back pack . Its a carrying case with handles and a shoulder strap . the strap is uncomfortable , skinny , and way too long for even a large human male . The damn thing does n't fit my detector without breaking it down . After breaking it down the battery pack and headphones do n't fit in the pockets . I almost lost my battery pack and control unit on the trail because they fell out of the way too small unable to zip pouch . My fishing poles may fit , if I keep it . at this point Im so frustrated I want nothing to do with garrett , optics planet , OR Amazon . Do n't waste your money .
 I stored my Ace 250 in this carry bag . I found it to be very cramped . The bag has very little room to spare . The zipper is poor quality and broke within a year of owning the bag . I would n't buy another .
 Purchased the Garrett Metal Detector bag a few days ago . Very disappointed with the bag . My Garrett Ace 250 metal detector is 44 '' long on the shortest lenght . The bag is only 42 '' long . The metal detector is too long for the bag . Guess it would fit if I was to take it apart but ... that seems silly & useless . Would not have purchased the bag if I would have known it would n't fit unless I took the metal detector apart . What a rip off!Update ... I would like to say that the company stands behind it 's product . They emailed a response on my review and was very concerned that I was disappointed with the bag . The company made things right and in this day and time that very seldom happens . Most of the time it 's all about selling the product . But not this company . It is important to them that the customer is satisfied . I must say , I am satisfied now .
 We ordered this bag when we ordered the Garrett Ace 150 detector . I wish the bag were bigger . You need to take the detector apart every time you put it away . Even shortening the detector the whole way is not enough . They could 've made the bag just few inches longer and it would have made the difference .
 The description says it fits `` any fully assembled Garrett metal detector '' . Not true . I have a Garrett 350 with the Double-D coil and it does not fit into the bag . I 'm not a very tall person so I do n't have mine adjusted to be very long . But I should n't have to collapse the thing to get it to fit into a bag that 's supposedly made fore it . Pretty disappointed .
 I 'm sure Garrett makes a good product all in all , but the one I purchased , a Garrett GTI 1500 , failed on the first time out . In order to pinpoint and look a the size of your target , you have to press and hold the &#34; treasure imaging &#34; button on the keypad . Well , this particular keypad and button was poor quality and the button got stuck in the activate mode . I had to send the detector back . I recently paid more money for a different and better quality detector , and the extra money has been worth every penny . I 'm not saying this is a bad detector and the one I purchased may have just been a lemon , but you get what you pay for.The refunding experience was OK . I had to send several emails and make several phone calls , but in the end , I was refunded . Garrett complained because I used a different box to return the detector , but the original box was so beat up when I received the package that I could n't re-use it .
 After using these less than spectacular headphones they broke at the plastic ear cuff mount , while I was using them the ear cups kept falling off when I would put them on , So I contacted Gar Trash about there JUNK that they had sold me , I was looking for the replacement part for the TRASH phones I am pretty sure they are still under warranty but Garrett has turned into such a cheeseball pile of trash company that I was having problems trying to get service for my sh8 phones , these guys are so crappy now I would not buy anything from Garrett again there service department is the worst.Oh YA UP YOURS CHARLES GARRETT
 The first time I used the spade , IT BROKE !!! Considering the ground is not going to be soft all the time , the least they could do is make it sturdier . PIECE OF JUNK !!
 I had high hopes for this Vac , probably to high . The vac takes so long to suck up leaves it turned what should have been a three hour leaf session into a 5 hour ordeal . I finally stopped using the machine an hour in and used my hands . The machine needs to be rapidly moved around so the leaves can find their way into the chute , then the BAG NEEDS TO BE constantly emptied ! Constant changing is so annoying and good luck successfully emptying the vac bag into a leaf bag without it spilling all over the ground . I do n't know where these companies get away with 10:1 , 12:1 etc ratios ... it is more like 3:1 at best.You definitely need to wear a mask since all the dust and particles go right into your face so people with asthma and allergies beware.Lets see , for 80 bucks you could buy a minimum of 200 brown paper leaf bags -LRB- which could last you years -RRB- - so NO money savings there.It will probably take you 4x + longer to do the job with the slow suction and constant bag changes-So NO time savings there.It does n't pick up sticks and twigs , acorns , wet leaves , etc. . so you will still have to rake heavily and bag by hand . Plus , the machine needs to be moved vigorously while in operation-So NO energy/easy savings there.Why do you want this again ? If you want all your neighbors to laugh at you when your trying to mulch a pile of leaves forever , buy this vac.For everyone else buy a regular Toro leaf blower , bag by hand and be done .
